(iv) Forster is an international eeva vinyl tap, and the company's main business covers a wide range of evases.
The company's elastic faucet is strong and the backboard completes the major customer import. The company is a global eeva membrane tap, with a market share of over 50% and owns it in 2016.
Millions of square metres. The price of components has generally declined more since last year, as a result of the downside of photovoltaic subsidies, and there has also been a downward trend in upstream products such as silicon and ancillary materials. The average unit price for the company ' s photovoltaic film products dropped from $7.61 per square metre in the quarter of 2016 to q2 in the quarter of 2017.
The price of the film is now rising steadily, and q3 seasons have seen an increase of 0.09 yuan per square metre. Although in the future, with the fall in subsidies, the components will still have the space to lower prices, and the cost and price of silicon will be higher in single crystalline silicon as the cutting technique becomes widespread.
The Māori rate for crystalline silicone products such as income structure (2017h1) has significantly increased, even higher than the Māori rate for ‘eva’, and we therefore believe that the ‘eva’ membrane’, as a lower-cost adjunct to the components, is less expensive.
In addition, company backboard operations are influenced by major customer imports, 2017 industries are growing faster than expected, remediating policies are mildly falling, and according to the National Energy Agency, the capacity of the new photovoltaics in the country was reached in January-September 2017.
43gw, of which the ground power station was 27.7gw, an increase of 3 per cent in the same year; and the distributed photovoltaic 15.3gw, an increase of about four times that of the same year. According to data from the China Power Enterprise Federation, in October 2017, the installed capacity was 24.0905 million kilowatts, and in November the installed capacity was 3.8484 kilowatts.
At the same time, the price of the photovoltaic plant poles delivered after the day, the price of which is fixed at 0.55, 0.65 and 0.75 per kilowatt hour, is reduced by 0.1;
First reporting date: 12 December 2017: A total of $0.05 to $0.07 for the photovoltaic state subsidy for spontaneous and residual access pattern distribution, implemented at the price of the photovoltaic power station in the resource area: village-level photovoltaic pro-poor power station
2017/12/12 Fossic characterization: stable product prices, eva (0.5 megawatts and below) pole prices, household-based distributed photovoltaic pro-poor subsidised electricity standards
This downward adjustment is slightly better than market expectations. The business of new materials is going well, the market is promising, and companies are actively deploying new material areas that will reduce the risk of policy influence in the photovoltaic sector.
Research is under way in the fields of silicon membrane, fccl, aluminium plastic film, organic silicon encapsulation material, among which the silicon product has already generated sales revenue and will be released when the new capacity is put into production
It is expected that, with the gradual completion of production and the certification of samples, future new material areas will gradually generate sales revenues and profits that will become new growth points in the company’s performance. Policy in the photovoltaic sector is not as good as expected; changes in the international situation are taking place; and industry prices are emerging.
I. Forster: the film taps of Forster, a research and development, production and marketing firm for photo-voltage encapsulation materials.
The photovoltage covers the film and the backboards are key wrapping materials for solar cell components, which are enclosed and protected, and which improve the PV conversion efficiency of the components and extend their useful life.
At the end of the quarter, cumulatively, 226 million shares, or 56.29 per cent, were held, the major shareholders actually controlled by Mr. Lin Jianhua, and Mr. Lin Jianhua himself owned 21.30 per cent of the company ' s shares, which are listed in figure 1 for Foster ' s shareholders.
Nine wholly owned subsidiaries, a holding company and a joint venture are owned by the company.Foster Photovoltaic Materials Co. Ltd., Suzhou, is responsible for the manufacture and sale of solar cells, photovoltaic materials, with a profit of $30,956,600 in the first half of 2017; and there is limited use of the Anfoster thermal retina.
The company is responsible for the production and sale of a wide range of materials, including heat-melting glue, heat-melting membrane, heat-melting film and heat-melting retina: Foster International Trade Ltd. is responsible for the import and export of photo-volted materials, with a profit of $21.63 million in the first half of 2017; Forster New Materials Ltd., Suzhou
It is a fully-owned subsidiary of Foster Photovoltaic Materials Co. Ltd., Suzhou, responsible for research and development, production and sale of photovoltaic sealed materials, and import and export of goods, technology; Zhejiang Foster New Energy Development Co. Ltd., responsible for the development of photovoltaic energy technology, the sale of photovoltaic power equipment and agro-forestry.
Fisheries/farming technology development and services; smart equipment, storage equipment, mechanical electronic equipment development, marketing and computer software and hardware maintenance in Forster, Hangzhou, Ltd., not operational as of the first half of 2017: New energy development in Jiangshan Foster is limited
The Division is a fully-owned subsidiary of Zhejiang Foster New Energy Development Co. Ltd. and is responsible for the R & D and the sale of solar photovoltaic systems and equipment; and the Limited Photovoltaic Power Division of Forster, Hangzhou, is a holding company of Zhejiang Foster New Energy Development Co. Ltd. (62%) and is responsible for the Sun.
Photovoltaic power systems, equipment development, marketing, installation, maintenance and solar power engineering, construction, packages, etc.: Foster Materials Science (Thailand) Ltd. is responsible for the development, production and sale of photovoltaic component encapsulation materials: Zhejiang Foster New Materials Research Institute
The company is responsible for the development of new materials, applications of new materials, high-molecular materials, etc.
In addition to production and marketing, which are also equipped with backboard research and development techniques and capabilities, the company has made some breakthroughs in the new materials field.eva On the membrane side, the company's fund-raising project, the 180 million square metres per year film project, has been implemented.
With the successful completion of construction and commissioning in 2016 and the break-out of the capacity bottlenecks, the eva membrane business is expected to continue at a high rate of growth. In 2016, the eva membrane sales will be 467 million flats. In the backboard area, the company will complete its major domestic customer import in 2016 and will be sold in 2016.
1976.86 million square metres were sold. 17.2248 million square metres were sold in the first half of 2017, and in the same year, Thailand subsidiary completed the handover of the business assets of the Toyota Thailand Company in the first half of 2017, and started operating independently in the production and sale of the acetylene film.
With regard to new materials, new lines of distillation products are under construction, with small monthly quantities of products sold; samples of aluminium plastic membrane started in March and improvements to production lines and processes will continue to be upgraded; tests in fccl are completed and high-end client samples are being tested; silicone structure glue is being tested
A breakthrough in product processes and technology will be used in photo-voltaic containment.
1.3 The financial summary of the company, resulting in the impact of the price of the components and the price of the company's vinyl products, also fell, as a result of the volume increase and decrease in 2017, when operating income was realized in January-September 2017.
As can be seen from the pattern of company costs over the years, the company’s sales costs have remained stable, as the company’s main product, the film market, is more than 50 per cent, and the sales pattern is more stable. The management rates are on the decline, mainly in corporate management.
There are a wide range of factors, such as the growing maturity and the increased utilization of the plant, the successful commissioning of the new production line, which is 7.41 per cent, and the company ' s ability to hold fees is a leader in the industry.
Financial cost rate (%) II. The photovoltaic industry has seen rainbows through wind and rain. 2.1 Photovoltage capacity is the first in the world, with additional capacity maintained at a high level
The photovoltaic industry, as one of the new energy industries, has grown rapidly in this century. However, since the beginning of the 12th Five-Year Plan, the photovoltaic industry has entered the integration phase, depending on the demand and supply of the photovoltaic industry in 2011, compared to the high global growth rate in the past.
Changes, business blindness, and double counter-policy shocks in Europe and the United States have led to a significant excess of photovoltaic components and a continuous decline in prices and profits. Most SMEs have been phased out because of financial and technological deficiencies, and some of the leading firms have even been forced to cut down and stop production.
As the industry calms and matures, adjustments have been made to the structure of the industry, its applications, the market, etc. The photovoltaic industry has been warming up in the middle of the 12th Five-Year Plan. By the end of 2015, the country's accumulated photo-voltage capacity had been reached.
Figure 7 provides a map of the capacity of our photovoltaic installed capacity for the calendar year.
In 2016, 24.5 per cent of the total number of new units were added, with a cumulative capacity of 120 million kilowatts. According to data from the China Power Enterprise Federation, 24.05 million kilowatts were added in October 2017, 384.84 million kilowatts were added in November and new in 2017.
The rate of installed capacity is about 50 gw. According to the UK Globaldata study, global aggregate photovoltaic installed capacity will increase from 271.4 million kW in 2016 to 756.1 kW in 2025, while China ' s cumulative photovoltaic installed capacity will increase to 75.6 million kW in 2025.
2.2 Distributed + photovoltaic poverty opening up space, subsidizing the cooling down of the slopes and landings, as the country ' s photovoltaic industry has developed at a rapid rate in recent years, and the construction of ground power plants has gradually expanded, reaching 67.1 million installed capacity by the end of 2016
However, ground power stations tend to be able to achieve lower ground costs in remote areas, with uneven distributions leading to higher drop-out rates in previous years. According to statistics, the rate for 2015 was 31%, and the Xinjiang Autonomous Region was abandoned.
In the first quarter of 2016, the drop-out rate rose to 39% and 52%, respectively. The country adjusted its regional and model planning for the construction of photovoltaic power stations, based on the severity of the disposal phenomenon.
The Runners program: In parallel with regional constraints, the state introduced the Runners program \triangleright from volume to quality. According to the National Energy Agency's report on renewable energy development, “XIII”
V “Guidance for the implementation of the plan, with a controlled size of 8 million kilowatts (kW) per pilot base and a planned capacity of 2190, 2110 and 21.1 million kW per year for new photovoltaic power stations in 2018-2020 (including the pilot scheme but excluding distributed light voltage on an unlimited scale of construction)
Photovoltaic power provided by the electricity project, the village-level pro-poor power station and the inter-provincial and trans-district transmission channels
There will be no ceiling on the size of the station, with the size of 100-300kw being the main way of construction. According to a study by the Office for the Alleviation of Poverty of the National Assembly, there are approximately 50,000 poor villages across the country that meet the conditions for the construction of photovoltaic power stations, and the size of installed units at the village level for the alleviation of poverty may reach 10gw.
Subsidy policy guidance: With the high growth of photovoltaic capacity and the rapid cost of components \triangleright post-January 1st, 1st, \triangleright access to new photovoltaic poles in the ,  and  resource areas
Electricity prices were adjusted to 0.65, 0.75 and 0.85 per kilowatt hour, with downward adjustments of $0.25, 0.20 and 0.15. This time, the distributed photovoltaics remained unchanged at 0.42 and, as a result, the distributed photovoltaics also increased significantly, with new distributed light in the first three quarters of 2017.
With a voltage capacity of 15.3 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) and an additional 4.23 million kWh in 2016, the gap was better filled when the terrestrial photovoltaic power station was limited. The solar energy utilization 13th Development Plan, issued by the National Energy Authority, explicitly proposed that it be achieved by 2020.
The development target for the cumulative installed capacity of photovoltaic power is 105 million kilowatts (kW), which has now been completed ahead of schedule, with an outbreak-like increase in excess of expectations. But there is a gap between the distributed photovoltage capacity and the 60 million kW of energy mentioned in the 13th Five-Year Plan.
As a result, with subsequent policy guidance, the Xinjiang jets moved to the eastern and central regions. By the end of the third quarter of 2017, the Xinjiang drops to 22 per cent, the Xinjiang drops to 21 per cent, while maintaining the high rate of growth in the capacity of the new Xinjiang units, the Xinjiang drops to 21 per cent.
At the same time, the market’s previous pessimism about the subsidy slope ended, with the price of Internet access for photovoltaic station poles delivered after 1 January 2017, and the price of electricity in classes 1, 11, 11, 11, and 11, respectively.
The cost of Internet access for resource poles has been adjusted to 0.55, 0.65, 0.77 and 0.37 per kilowatt hour, respectively, and the full access mode is based on the price of the photovoltaic station in the resource area; village-level light-voltage pro-poor power plants (0.5 megawatts and below) have been reduced to poverty; household-distributed photovoltaics have been reduced to poverty.
The project degree subsidy rate remains unchanged. This adjustment is slightly higher than market expectations. 2.3 Towards parity Internet access, the price of the component is bound to fall. Photovoltaic power as the main form of solar power generation, with a well-developed industrial chain.
The main principle is to use the light-power effect to use the energy generated by the photon that hits the surface of the metal to overcome the internal gravity of the metal, so that the electron is able to escape and form the electron.
The electrons of the outer layer are different and create power differentials, causing the reverse movement of the electrons and caves, creating currents. The process is clean and quiet, and is a typical generation of green energy.
Now ... crystalline silicon cell technology is more sophisticated. In particular, energy conversion efficiency and price have some advantages, so most PV cells use crystal silicon for raw materials.
It's divided into single crystalline silicon and multi-crystal silicon routes. Single crystal silicon cells are more expensive, but they are stable and have a long life of around 30 years. The multi-crystal silicon cell process is simple, large-scale and productive, and they have a high filling rate when they're made.
The technology is applied to monocrystal silicon, and the cost of single-crystal silicon batteries is much lower and the value of the cells is much faster. So far, the technology of polycrystal silicon silicon cutting is in progress, and it is hoped to achieve a reduction in the future. In recent days, the shares of single-crystal silicon dragons in Lungi have again been reduced.
180m single crystal silicone, 5.4 yuan per plate, 190m single silicone, 5.55 yuan per piece. Multicrystal silicon silicon requires a series of reactions and manufacturing processes before a battery assembly can be formed. Metal silicon, also known as silicon or industrial silicon, is the raw material used upstream and can pass through different sides.
The rule of law is made available to solar-grade polysilicon. The improved chemistry of the German Siemens subsidiary is now more used in the domestic market. The new silicone method is more similar to the improved Siemens method, with only intermediate products (the new silicone method is silicon tetrahydrated and the improved Siemens method is silicon trichloride).
There are also other physical or chemical methods that can be used.
Make multi-crystal silicon tablets and single-crystal silicon tablets. After making silicon silicon tablets into the corresponding battery fragments, you have to use the eva film, backboards, etc. to package them into components, and then put them into use. In downstream industries, power station carriers, systems services, etc., are provided under policy subsidies.
According to statistics, during the “12th Five-Year” period, the cost of our photovoltaic system fell to around $7/watts, the cost of photovoltaic power fell by about 60 per cent, and, according to the 13th Five-Year Plan for Solar Development, the level of photovoltaic power prices was reduced by more than 50 per cent by the end of the “13th Five-Year Plan”.
The International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) reports that the average cost of solar power generation is expected to decrease by 59 per cent by 2025 compared to the current level, and that, according to pvinfolink, ordinary single crystal battery prices are as low as 1.69 yuan/watts.
Polycrystal batteries, single-crystal perc batteries as low as $1.8/W, with a price of 280 W monocrystal components, all of which are photovoltaic, with a low cost of components.
The manufacturing industry is characterized by high-tech barriers, and the ratio of elastic film and backboards to component costs is around 3 per cent, downstream sensitivity is illustrated by the structure of industrial chains in the 9-PV industry
The eva membranes are based on eva resins and are squeezed out of shape by additives and heating.
Prior to the special-scale production of the eva film, the main producers were the four foreign-owned corporations of the United States of America, Trixie Chemistry, Priston, and Etimex, with a market share of more than 60%. With Foster’s rise, Foster had already surpassed Priston and Etimex in 2008.
Forster's global market share is already over 50%, becoming the largest supplier of e-film. 20 crystalline silicon cell assembly maps. Solar cell backboards are a multilayered membrane with a high insulation and low humidity.
. The traditional backboards are tpt formations, and the internal and external layers are pvf fluorofilms, followed by close-to-performance diaphragms (tpt, tpe and fpf), in which the fpf structure replaces the two pvf fluorofilms.
Other fluorofilms, such as ffc-fluorofilms (polysed difluoroethylene pvdf).
Forster is currently the largest global supplier of eeva film, with more than 50% of the world's markets, and the domestic market has a more than two-fold pattern, with Swick and Sea-Wide in the first three seats. The impact of subsidy policies and industry guidance on the industrial chain is more pronounced than ever.
Large, and the combined effects of market patterns, technical barriers, customer stickyness and so on, have stabilized the industry pattern, making it difficult to find new entrants. eva membrane prices fall year by year: eva membrane prices fall year by year with components.
Low, based on data from the Foster calendar year reports and stock collections, the tax price per square metre in 2011 was approximately $15.54, compared to an average of $6.74 per square metre in the third quarter of 2017, with a 13 per cent annual compound reduction.
The process of domestication of upstream raw materials has accelerated: the higher cost end-to-end ratio is eva resin, which accounts for about 70 per cent of the cost, so price fluctuations in eva resin will have a greater impact on the Māori rate of the product, while prices in eva resin and other upstream raw materials, such as crude oil, are highly volatile.
As a result, the high prices of eva resins have also passed by $20,000 per ton, now reaching $11170 per ton in the second quarter of the year and down to $10150 per ton in the third quarter. Because of the higher requirements for photovoltaic use of eva resins, raw materials were purchased abroad, but are now being purchased in the country.
The performance of resins can also reach the level of production of photo-voltaic film, and the production of luminous freshwood, etc. Photovoltaic eva resins can also help to level the price of eva resins and increase the total supply. We expect that the price center of eva resins may shift downwards in the future, thus reducing it.
The company's Māori ratio is the leading industry: the company is the absolute leader in the industry, with a global city share \triangleright
The Māori rate in 2016 was 30.21 per cent for the leading companies Swik and Hai Yu, with core competitiveness in technology development, scale and brand: company-owned e-film production \triangleright
The products are divided into the regular series (f406s&f806), the antipid series (f406p&f806p), the antisnail line (f406ps&f806p), the white series (f806w), the super-fast fixation series (su406&su806), in which the antipid product passed.
85 °c, rh 85 %, -1000 vdc, 96h pid test with excellent long-term durability altimeter and high permeability; snail-resistant series products with unique resistance to humid environments oxidation and barrier, with limited delay in the appearance of snail stripes; white series exclusively for use in humid environments
The back covers of the individual and double-bond components, with their unique hyper-reflective properties, limited solar light utilization of the components, and solves the white film spilling problem after the pressure of the components. In addition, the po film has been formally incorporated into the F.rstpo series of products under the Taushi mandate.
The advantage of the pomne lies in its excellent water vapour resistance, which is used in photovoltaic component encapsulation material only after the eva film. The company’s research and development in the field of photovoltaic is focused on improving the performance of the eva film, the poo film, and promoting the application of the white eva film and the poo film.
As the world's largest supplier, large-scale production advantages and branding effects will also be imported into large clients in the future at 2.6, and backboard operations will continue to be spread.
The company’s solar backboard production technology has matured, and the products in question have been certified as tuv, ul, and jet. The backboard market was also dominated by Japanese and Euro-American firms, and the backboard market has gradually emerged as domestic manufacturers, as technological innovations and the price fluctuations of raw materials have affected them.
The company’s backboard business generated only $38.38 million in 2012 and reached almost the same level in 2016, but with the importation of large clients, the company’s backboard business was realized in the first half of 2017.
Operating income of $263 million, up to 101 per cent. However, subject to falling prices, the prices of gross pets and securitizers also declined slightly, and the Māori rate is expected to stabilize.
Figure 14 Forster Backboard Māori Rates, 3, New Materials Multi-Purpose, Prospective Prospective Companies Farming Photovoltaic Appurtenances, 2015 is paralleled by New Materials Fields.
The announcement of 31 December 2001 states that the company intends to invest in the projects of silicon, single-faced, capricious copper, aluminium plastic composite film, organic silicon encapsulation material.
As the printed circuit board industry moves towards high density, high integration, softness, etc., the use of the membrane is growing. The market for the membrane is huge, but it is now dominated by capital and foreign capital.
The field was US$ 1,172 million (approximately US$ 7.2 billion) and our market was about US$ 3 billion, or more than 40% of the world's total. The main global suppliers were Yokotaka (11 years of planned rise capacity to 100 million square metres), Xu (with 120 million new rice lines in Jiangsu in 13 years), and the world's main suppliers were Japanese.
The company announced a proposed investment of $580 million, of which $530 million was invested in fixed assets and $50 million in working capital. The project covered 150 acres of land and a total area of construction.
One hundred and twenty-two thousand square metres, with 216 million m2 of the annual production line and accompanying equipment to be built. The project was built over a five-year period.
The Japanese became    kolon  Longing Chemical Industries  Dubon  Other fccl: The scratching coating is one of the key materials of electronic equipment and electronic products such as smartphones, flatboard computers, digital cameras, vehicle-borne instrumentation, etc., which is a scratching-printing circuit
The development of the fccl market has been driven by the rapid growth in demand for fpc, which in recent years has been driven by high-end consumption of electronic products such as smartphones, tablets, digital cameras, etc.
In 2016, the global production of the pcb industry was $54,207 million, the total production of the fpc was $10,901 million, or 20.11 per cent, and the annual production of the fpc in 2021 is expected to reach $12,641 million.
Thus, domestic suppliers of fccl products will also benefit highly from the industry’s high profile. According to the China Copperboard Materials Association, sales of fccl products and related products in 2016 amounted to 2,557 million yuan (5,437 million square metres).
The company’s project is to invest $180 million, of which $170 million is to be invested in fixed assets and $10 million in working capital.
Aluminium plastic Composite membrane for lithium batteries, a flexible package for power cells, is one of the key \triangleright materials for lithium batteries. As the economy develops, global lithium battery demand varies with application.
According to China ' s new energy network, in 2016, my country ' s aluminium plastics demand amounted to 95 million square metres, an increase of 44% from the same year.
In 2016, the share of our lithium batteries was 43.38%, while that of power batteries was only 9%, and the penetration rate is expected to rise gradually in the future. Fifteen million yuan was mobilized. The project is to build a 5 million m2-m2 of aluminium plastic composite film production year-on-year.
Lines and ancillary facilities, built for a period of two years. Organic silicon encapsulation: downstream infrastructure construction in the glue industry, real estate, \triangleright
Many industries, such as automobiles, high irons, new energy sources, have been affected, and the industry as a whole has been growing at a rate similar to that of gdp. However, by disaggregated species, organic silicon encapsulating material is the encapsulated material of led lamps and other electronic products. As the power and brightness of the led are increasing,
Client performance for sealing glues requires gradual upgrading, with low stress, low ion content, low heat inflation, and low heat aging modulus, in addition to high refraction rates, high permeability, ultraviolet-resilient, heat-resilient aging features.
The material market is at a critical stage of import substitution, and the share of the national market in sealing rubber is rising, especially as technology advances, and the cost of domestic rubber is rising rapidly.
Facilities, construction period of two years.iv. Investment proposals and profit projections.
In the future, it can still be expected to reach higher installed capacity, despite the trend towards affordable access in the future, the recent retreats, slopes, and the breakdown of the industry, the elastic industry has high technical barriers and high customer stickyness.
Product roll-out requires multiple certifications from clients and institutions, with higher pre-input and time costs. The industry is a bogus monopoly, currently, Foster is a super-column, the global market is more than 50%, and Swacker and Sea Yu are second-tier, "one-perceived."
The price of the product is now stable, the price of raw materials is flat, and an acceleration in future domestication of the raw material will help to compensate for the possible fall in the price of the supplements. Although the cost of the elastic membrane and the backboard is 3% for the components, the client is less sensitive, but it is more supportive.
The price of the material is still slightly higher than expected. At this point in time, as far as the Māori ratio is concerned, there is more than the photovoltage of leading companies, and the Māori rate of Lungi's single crystal silicon business is more than 30%, so we expect the price of future supplements to fall in space.
Forster is the world’s largest supplier of e-film, with technology, modeling, brand advantage, the highest product Māori rate in the industry, and the company’s capacity is gradually being released to respond to future industry growth. Backboard operations are being imported by large clients, and performance is expected to continue.
The four new material operations have made a breakthrough, with industries operating at a high rate of growth, 1. Assuming that elastic production can be released gradually, production rates are maintained at high levels, and gel 2. Assuming that backboard customer relationships are stable and product unit prices are maintained slowly down.
3. Assuming that the company ' s four new material operations continue to be certified by its clients and that the production line is completed and the output is released, more companies are listed in the country ' s photovoltaic industry at this stage, including the Concords, the Lungi shares, the Tonway shares, the Chinese shares, the Jung-tae appliances, the East Day rise, etc.
The company’s main product covers the photovoltaic area. But the business is closer to the East.
Interest rates are also lower than for Foster. 1. Policy changes: The photovoltaic sector is more affected by policy changes and there is a risk that planned additional installation capacity will fall short of expectations and subsidies will fall sharply in the future.
2. Changes in the international situation: due to the high global share of our components, the high global market share of other countries, the risk of malicious price reductions by other manufacturers, and the relatively low rate of Maori in downstream components, the long repayment cycles of downstream customers and bankruptcy
5. The relatively high share of raw materials and their relevance to oil prices have led to higher oil prices.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.