The chemical project suffered more losses than the company's performance, and potassium-carbonate lithium was well received: the company issued its semi-annual report in 2018, generating $7,837 million in operating income.
The net operating cash flow was $2,575 million, an increase of 541.71 per cent over the same period in the previous year. Of this amount, q2 was net profit for mothers of $906 million, compared to $258 million during the same period in the previous year.
The main reasons are: (1) the metal magnesium integration project was affected by the increase in the price of raw materials, the massive build-up at the end of last year and the low installation load, which resulted in higher production costs per unit of product, a significant increase in depreciation and financial costs compared to the same period last year, at a loss of $1,754 million in the first half of the year;
(2) The Heinarpvc integration project was affected by a security accident, resulting in a loss of 468 million in the first half of the year for partial chemical devices; (3) combined use of natural gas supply in the first and second phases, a loss of 330 million in the first half of the year, which was recorded in a single series.
The company’s potassium fertilizer plant is capable of producing/transmitting (millions of shares) at a faster rate, while the supply side is growing only modestly, and potassium fertilizer will continue to rise.
(000792) Dynamics Study: Potassium Fertilizer Refluxed in 2018, and a new industry pattern is expected to emerge. In the near future, the company’s performance is expected to be reversed by the accumulation of potassium in Belarus and of lithium carbonate in Israel.
In India, icl entered into a major 18 to 19 year potassium fertilizer contract with a CIF of US$ 280 per ton -- 2018/01/05, up nearly US$ 50 per ton from last year.
Steady promotion of lithium carbonate expansion, with great potential for growth. Lithium carbonate production, a subsidiary of the Blue Lithium industry, increased by 129.4% in the first half of the year, and sales of 3949.5 tons increased by the same amount.
The construction of the tons of lithium carbonate project has begun, and the 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate project has been actively implemented in the lead-up to the project, bringing the combined capacity of lithium carbonate production to 60,000 tons in the future.
With the support of the relevant sectors, a framework agreement for the implementation of debt swaps has been signed with the Bank of Commerce and Industry and the Bank of Construction, and a special working group has been established to communicate and validate the implementation of the programme with the parties concerned.
Corporate asset-liability ratios reduce financial costs. Chemical projects have a higher deficit than corporate performance, and potassium-carbonate lithium is steady and good, corresponding to -27 times, 32 times and 13 times, respectively.
The chemical project suffered more losses than the company's performance, and the potassium-carbonate lithium was in good shape.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report