• Re-stated "buy-in" rating: A 25% increase in net profit in the second quarter of the year.
The company is expected to grow by about 20% in the third quarter. We expect this year's profit to rise at the same rate as we did, as well as the rapid growth of the two business sections: automobiles and communications.
Stable growth space. At the same time, we're setting up a message in the auto paneling of car wires, smart seats, etc., Tier 1 business; in the communications section, with powerful products like electrical connectors, companies still have a lot of room to go up, reiterating the "buy-in" rating.
• Two seasons of bright performance and three quarters of steady growth: in the second quarter of this year, the telecommunications income ring dropped by 2 per cent, a 7 per cent increase over the same year. The Māori rate was 12.7 per cent, and the ring grew by 1.9 cent of performance points and outlooks: 1) consumer electronics: using the one brought in smartphones, pc, etc.
There's room for growth in the industry, such as wearing it. There's room for growth around big customers and global brands for input, technological innovation. 2) Communications: powerful products such as telecommunications connections enter the North American customer supply chain, with a long-term expectation of one third of the market.
A) Automobile operations: Income growth is expected to rise again in the second half of the year, with long-term growth. Valuation: we evaluate it using segment plus general infrastructure. We gave it 23x of electronics, computers, automobiles, communications and industry and other operations, respectively, in 2024.
The growth in domestic and foreign sales of new energy vehicles is weak. Once again, competition in the industry has intensified, players are under pressure to earn more than expected, and recovery has been slower than expected. Corporate diversification investment has increased and costs have increased faster, delaying performance.
Pil-Ying International Performance Review and Profit Forecast Adjustments
We're using the sotp (sub-subparts, branch plus) valuation method to contrast the tactile process. We're predicting an accurate 2024 consumer electronics, computers, cars, communications, and jobs.
Living Silver International, Pob international spdbi optimism and pessimism scenarios
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected
(c) Upstream cost increases and insufficient action on the price of the company's products;
(b) Increased competition in the industry and pressure on the company's Māori ratio;
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report has indicated and assured that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and has agreed to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]