002475.sz, electronics, fruit chain taps, ailing again.
The company is the consumer electronic leader, completing full coverage of the “part parts module system” through endogenous + extended growth, and achieving robust growth by 2023 with a net return profit of 10.95 billion yuan, equal to 20 per cent.
The company's main business is classified as consumer electronics, communications interconnection, car interconnection, computer interconnection, and 1.appleintelligence redefines the one-side edge with an apple switch cycle in 2025.
Slim, slim, may be the largest outward-looking change in a decade; according to idc, 840 million in 2023 have global holdings, with a 3.6-year replacement cycle, software-plus hardware innovation is expected to trigger a new rotation. Apples are the company’s super-large customer, benefiting from deep downstream exposure.
Two companies have been integrated into the iPhone assembly since 2020 and have become important engines of growth for the company. We estimate that the current share of iPhone assembly is 20%, and it is expected that this share will continue to grow in the future, with a growing share of assembly and higher profitability, leading to a sustained increase in corporate profits.
2. Automobile business is growing rapidly, with global Tier1 leading firms ready. Electricity + smartness + integration is on the rise. The entire domestic brand is rising.
The company estimates the value of the product to be 30-40 million dollars, covering beams, connectors, power management, smart cabins, etc., 2021-2023.
The company’s automobile business maintained a 50% growth rate, rising continuously in the 100 billion car electronic market share, and is expected to maintain a 50% increase in automobile business over the next three years. 3.ai is booming and power connections taps are expected to benefit in depth.
A package of companies could provide $2.09 million in solutions covering such products as electricity connections, light connections, power pipelines, heat radiators, etc., with an estimated total market size of hundreds of billions; the company, as a global telecommunications connector, is booming in the beneficiary sector.
Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings Sustained roll-out of beneficiary apple switch cycles, communications car operations, expected weak demand in the company ' s downstream market 2024 - transfer of industrial chains, dependence of a single large customer, renminbi exchange rate waves
Scavengering for more services, scavenging for more services.
The company was founded in 2004 and listed in 2010, and Wang was the president, general manager, and actual controller of the company. Through its growth from the inside to the out, the company built vertical integration capabilities by integrating the supply chain up and down, completed the full coverage of the "Part parts & module system" and provided the customer with the one-stop solution of the parts + assembly, with products covering a variety of categories
Core sound, light, electro-module products, such as acoustic modules, vibrating motors, acoustic motors, antennas, wireless chargers, etc., as well as assembly operations, cover the consumer electronics, car electronics, communications, computers, etc. downstream, ranking first among the leading enterprises in the electronic component industry in China in 2023.
Corporate revenue and net profits are growing at a high rate, and Roe has remained high. 1) Since it was marketed in 2010, corporate revenue has been growing rapidly for 13 years, rising by 8 per cent to $231.9 billion in 2023, and net return to the mother has declined slightly in 2021 (mainly as a result of the unilateral upturn in raw materials and a sharp fall in the volume of products that companies can wear), 2023
In 2023, net cash flows from company operations reached $27.6 billion, net cash flows reached 225 per cent, and in recent years, corporate capital expenditures have stabilized.
Corporate business is classified as consumer electronics, telecommunications interconnected products, automobile interconnected products, computer interconnected products, 2023 automobile interconnected products, computer interconnected products with revenues of 61 per cent, 46 per cent, 35 per cent and 9 per cent over eight years, and consumer electronics have also contributed. Chart 7: In recent years, companies have experienced rapid downstream income growth (millions of dollars)
Consumer electronics: completes full coverage of the parts module system. The company based its operations on a computer connector, the first client was Fauscan (the company contributed 48% of its revenue in 2007), the company acquired and acquired the Apple ipadlighting line, cut into the fruit chain in 2011, and acquired the Sioux Mets into the acoustic cut-off module in 2016.
In 2020, the acquisition of Jiangsu and Kunshan new cellular units, the acquisition of metal structures and displays in 2021 led to a steady rise in the income of the company ' s top clients in recent years, and the collection of $17.4 billion in 2023 and 75 per cent in 2023.
Automobile electronics: A motor business was established in 2011, initially producing car wires and connectors; in 2012, 55 per cent of the shareholding plus code connectors were acquired in Fujian PV; in 2014, German suk shares were acquired in vitro into car plastics; in 2017, Germany ' s Enterprise for the Physical Control System of the Cerebral Motors was acquired in the field of intelligent cars.
The annual shareholders are part of the Chirre Holdings Group, which is committed to helping the company become the leading manufacturer of auto parts and components. Communications business: In 2012, the company entered the Chinese, Emerson supply chain by acquiring 75% of the shares in the Shenzhen Kolton.
Electricity connections (high-speed electrical connectors and cable cables), light connections (aoc and light modules), thermal management (thermal tubes, axle fans, liquid cold radiation, etc.), and the assembly of four product lines throughout the machine. In 2022, the company acquired 75% of the equity in technology to further refine the strategic layout of the company’s interconnected products.
Reconstructing all acquisitions, it is easy to find that the revenues and profits of the takeovers are growing rapidly. Proves the consolidation of public assets and managerial capacity, with an impact of 1+1>2.
Talent resources: Talent is the core competitiveness of the enterprise, the company has a well-established talent ladder building system and a pool of talent, and there are well-established incentives, and since the company was listed, it has implemented four stages of equity incentives, 2018, 2019, 2021 and 2022, insisting on innovation, technological leadership, quality priority: 1) the company's core product covers core parts, modules and system-level assembly.
The process has a critical core process capability of full autonomy, including model/module design and processing, nudish copper pumping lines, plastic particle formation, pressurization/pressure processing, precision implantation, surface handling, smt,cip, and system-level assembly testing. 2) Companies produce manufacturing bases, globalize R & D centers, and respond to customers in a timely manner to the need to intrude on leading technologies at the same time in China.
China, China, Taiwan, the United States of America, etc., have advanced R & D production technologies and manufacturing processes, and are equipped with multi-country cnas certification laboratories for pre-product development certification, quality testing of production processes, and failure analysis. 3) Corporate R & D inputs are divided mainly into cutting-edge scientific inputs and product iterative inputs.
The Division ' s medium- and long-term product and business planning layout, with 30 per cent of the cost being invested in innovative research and development in cutting-edge technical fields such as materials, processes, processes, etc.; product iterative inputs are inputs around new programmes, new products from concept to npi (import of new products). 4) Companies have continued to increase their R & D inputs, with cumulative R & D costs amounting to $35.9 billion in 2018-2023.
6202 patents, a 37 per cent increase. 5) Quality precision manufacturing has always been the core competitiveness of companies, and the ability to create precision has ranged from “automated passive positioning” through “automated positioning” to “absolute intelligence” super precision modular manufacturing, excellent quality assurance capabilities, and the strength of the firm's customers has been increasing.
The company is deeply bound to large clients and has a wealth of customer resources. 1) Precision electronics downstream manufacturers are hard on supplier certification processes, corporate technology development is strong, products are good and deliverable, and stable and good partnerships are maintained with the main clients of the business. 2) The company ' s operations are tied to large clients of the head, with consumer electronics: Apple-based international knowledge.
A consumer electronics enterprise; in the area of communications: including leading communications infrastructure enterprises such as Nokia, Ericsson; in the area of motor vehicles: mainly leading domestic car manufacturers such as the Japanese company and the Great Wall, and one Chinese car. In 2022, the Department signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with the Chirre Group, and a proposed new energy vehicle company with Chiré.
Establishment of a joint venture for the development and manufacture of a specialized odm full-car industry, thereby contributing to the business development of the company tier1.II. Consumer electronics: deep chaining of head customers, rising consumer electronic share. 1. Apple market position is strong and firm deep binding shares increase.
In 2023, the Apple Camp received $383.3 billion, and in recent years the proceeds have been positive, with Apple hardware earning 78 per cent in 2023, iphone, wearable, mac, ipad, 52 per cent, 10 per cent, 7.7 per cent, 7.4 per cent, and corporate handhelds, headphones, watches, all ranked first in the world in 2023, with a strong market position.
Apples are super-profit, with $97 billion net apples in 2023, top of the United States stock list, 44% apples in 2023, 25% net interest rates, and consistently high. Apples are highly profitable 10,000 from hardware operations that locate high-end products, and on the other hand, from the tunes, software and service operating platform rewards, and the provision of apple music.
Services like (applemusic) and icloud, apple self-contained ecosystems and excellent user experiences subjugate a batch of faithful “fruit” and product repurchase rates are extremely high. Apple’s streamlined product lines and large-scale purchasing business models determine that its products are mostly global substitutes and work with manufacturers.
With the development of new technologies, production, manufacturing, R & D, and cost control are extremely demanding. While fruit chains are demanding, high threshold, low profit, once they are certified as apples, they not only share the growth space with apples, but also hold the technical information of the industry stickers and stand firm in the competition in the market.
Apple is the company's super-large customer, and its final product is flat, pen, headphone, smart watch, mobile phone, and mr. Moreover, the company has developed a vertical chain of “part parts-module-systems” in which, on the one hand, the company continuously expands its product categories, while continuously increasing its share, and there is wide scope for future growth.
2. Appleintelligence redefined the ai edge, with apple hardware innovation launched in 2025, and the apple ' s first-generation ai model formally appeared on June 11th, 2024, with five main definitions: functional, visual, integration into product experience, understanding of personal scenarios, personal privacy, core competencies.
It covers language text, graphic images, cross-applications, personal situational understandings. The function covers i-mails, i-pictures, i-record summaries, etc., and is integrated into chhatgpt. The more amazing function includes cross-applying operations based on personal circumstances (e.g. email notification session extensions, direct hand questions).
Whether the machine will catch up with her pre-dance, knowing who the user’s daughter is, using mail, maps, etc., to support natural language understanding, and making personal memory videos. As an internal feature of ios18, ipados18 and macossequaja, it currently supports English only, with a public-testing version in July, and a video in the fall.
Appleintelligence can only be used for ipad, mac in a17pro (iphone15pro) or higher versions of mobile phones, m series. Software upgrades are more demanding for arithmetic and help drive a new wave of switching cycles.
Figure 21: Appleintelligence Four Capabilities
intuitive integrated action
People are expected to release five new machines in 2025: iPhone4, iPhone17, iPhone17slim.
(lightly), iphone17pro, iphone17promax, where slim will replace plus, probably the largest appearance change in a decade.se4 is an effective replacement for s3 released in 2022. According to idc 2023, the global iphone holdings reached 840 million, and the estimated iphone shipments in 2023 (230 million) were replaced by an estimated replacement cycle.
During 3.6 years, new and iterative + hardware innovations are expected to drive a new rotational cycle. 3. Spare parts module: continuous product growth, robust income growth Connector business is the starting business of the company, and its share has continued to rise in recent years. According to Bishop & Associates.
In 2023, the market for global connectors reached $81.9 billion, equal to 3 per cent, and suffered from low demand and lower prices; in 2024, the market was projected to reach $85.3 billion, equal to 4 per cent, of which the market for telecommunications connectors was $20 billion, equal to 5 per cent. In terms of competitive patterns, the cr10 was 54 per cent in 2022, with overseas firms taking the lead, among them Teco, Anfino, Moo.
The top three companies sit on the top of the world, and the company, as the only mainland Chinese company in the top 10, is ranked fifth (up by one in the previous year), earning $3.7 billion, or 4 per cent, and is the leader of the national production connector.
Figure 24: Global Connector Competition Patterns 2022 Acoustics: Companies successfully integrated in the US, Met, and a boom in acoustics. Early in the year, the US was mainly Applemacbook, with a small share of iphone acoustics, 2016, Merger and Merger, 2017.
The share of iphonex, iphone 8plus speakers/phones, while the company uses its own technology to import billions of dollars in 2022 and 20 per cent in six years cagr; the US law revenue grew from $500 million in 2017 to new functions/processes in products, and increased production efficiency, as well as the development of single-face-driven microscopic boosters, from the root causes.
To address the issue of the full-time resonance, the company ' s electric sound is now in the forefront of the industry and has a considerable impact on the development of future seismic technologies and on market demand. Linear motors: linear motors, with their tactile feedback advantages, have a rich downstream application landscape, open space for applications, and move on.
The endpoints of mobile phones, game handles, apparel equipment, cars, and xr equipment are gradually covered. The early apple motors have nidec, alps, and sonic technology.
Metal structures: In 2021, the company spent $6 billion to complete a 50 per cent equity acquisition of a sophisticated (formerly known as a Japanese computer), which is owned by Japanese computer shareholders as well as fully-funded subsidiaries, and which is one of the suppliers of large-client computers, tablets, mobile phones, etc. gold-based structures, toopmodules, etc.
In the metal middle-box business income packs of module and ipad, macbook, applewatch, income is expected to grow steadily in the future, accompanied by an increase in the share of bottommodule, with a modest income of only $9.9 billion in January-October 2020 and a modest gain of $79.1 billion in 2023 and a net profit of $2 billion.
4. System assembly: trillions of markets, much to go, according to newvendurereaserch, the global system assembly market in 2022 amounted to $699.94 billion, a 2 per cent increase, globalcr5 65 per cent, industry leader Fuscon, a 40 per cent share; by industry, communications equipment, electricity in 2021
The proportion of brain, consumer electronics is 35%, 29%, and 20%. In 2023, Foscon earned $1.45 trillion, net profit was $32.9 billion, net interest rate was 2.5%, roe was 10%, communications revenue was $23.14 billion, net profit was $11 billion, assembly and cleaning code was used for more services.
4.1iphone: The company ' s share of assembly continues to rise, ailing growth, according to idc, with 1.2 billion smartphones worldwide in 2023, equal to less than 3 per cent, reduced by a narrow margin, with 300 million smartphones globally in 2024, equivalent to 12 per cent; smartphones have gone through eight quarters since q3 in 2021
In 2023, the volume of apples was 230 million, or 4 per cent, and ranked first in the world, and the share of apples has continued to rise in recent years; in 2024, the volume of q1 apples was 50 million, or 5 per cent, and the decline was mainly based on a higher base (q4 in 2022 led to a delay in production to 2023 q1).
15 pro) and higher versions of mobile phones, superimposed by the 2025 hardware innovation cycle, are expected to be replaced in 2025. The company has been an important spare parts, module supplier for apples, and in 2020 it acquired the Lutsu and Kunshan plants for $3.3 billion (both formerly in charge of iphone replacements and completed the acquisition at the beginning of 2021).
iPhone assembles the supply chain and gets a share of 5 per cent (previously, iPhone assembled by Honghai, Yusei, Yuzu and Latitude, with three monopolies, 64 per cent, 31 per cent and 5 per cent respectively). In 2021, the company seized 40 per cent of the iPhone 13pro, while the counterpart ' s share in the iPhone 16 series reached 35-40 per cent, mainly because the company acquired the iPhone 16 promax project npi (this is the case)
For the first time, Honghai was not able to get the top iPhone assembly npi, and in 2023 spent $2.1 billion on buying and selling the company Kun, who had 63% of his shares, and helped the company get a greater share of the iPhone assembly.
DG, 10 per cent of the company's shareholdings), through investment returns and profit statements, according to company announcements, with profits below $180 million and 10 per cent of the company's profits; profits at $180-300 million and 2/3 of the company; profits above $300 million or about 20 per cent of the iPhone assembly, based on idc, 2023, with an average sale price of $1045 for iPhone, falsely established.
The build-up cost of $520 corresponds to an income of nearly $170 billion from the iPhone assembly in 2023, which is expected to increase corporate profits in the future as the share of the assembly continues to grow and profits rise. 4.2airpods: the first assembly, with the release of new products, is expected to boost demand.
According to idc, the volume of global tws delivered in 2023 was 250 million times, 2 per cent more, and the growth continued to narrow, with total q1 tws delivered in 2024 amounting to 59 million times, 11 per cent more and demand recovered slightly. Global tws delivered in 2024 are expected to reach 76 million times, equal to 22 per cent, with a share of 31 per cent.
In 2024, q1 apples were delivered by 115 million by 19%. According to Bloomberg, Apple plans for a full upgrade in 2024 of a multiplicity of airpods products, including airpodsmax2, airpods4 generation, airpodslite (low price) are also likely to be available, with an airpodspro 3 generation expected to be launched in 2025 and expected to be launched in 2026.
Aerpods with cameras, the release of new items is expected to drive demand back to growth.
In 2016 and 2017, the company acquired the areas of audio-acousticization through successive acquisitions in the US, in the US, in Sioux and Hue. In 2017, the company officially moved into the airpods and replaced the plant as a major supplier in 2018, with a market share stable at 60-70%, and we believe that it is based on manufacturing experience in the corporate acoustic field and quality with apple depth.
Customer relations, where companies are expected to maintain a high share of their employees in the airpods. 4.3iwatch: The first assembly plant, which is expected to benefit in the future from the absence of blood sugar detection techniques, is expected to produce 76 million pieces of global smart watch, equivalent to 8 per cent in 2023, with a market size of $28.8 billion,
With the same reduction of 5 per cent for the first time in recent years, and due to the impact of high inflation and weak demand in North America and Western Europe markets, as well as the impact of base watches, smart watches performed poorly in the global market in 2023. In 2024, q1 recorded a global smart watch volume of 0.15 billion, with an increase of 5 per cent; demand recovered slightly, and industry demand is expected to increase robustly in the future with the upgrading of product functionality.
In 2023, Apple's smart watch was worth 37 million pieces, equal to 15.81%, but in the last 10 years apples have accounted for almost half of the world's share: q1's smart watch in 2024 was worth 105.1 million pieces, equal to 19%. The smart watch's health test function is an important selling point for smart watch, and the Apple smart watch iwatch series is the first global health test to be carried.
The watch is measured and dominates, and functions now cover body temperature, accident detection, menopause tracking, and heart rate, hemooxygenesis, electrocardiograms, body temperature, sleep monitoring functions, etc., and are constantly improving.
Sugar concentrations, and finally the device uses an algorithm to determine blood sugar levels. Apples are expected to apply trauma-free blood sugar surveillance to iwatch over the next two to three years, and new technologies are expected to support a return to growth. Chart 37: The share of the global market in Apple smart watches is stable.
Figure 38: Global and Apple Smart Watch Quarterlys, Inc., is the first largest assembly of applewatch. According to CounterPoint, 2022, global smart watch outsourcing.
12%. The increase in the market share of neutrality, Fuscomb, and Inbao was mainly due to the purchase of apple appleswatch orders, which were most closely related to apples, with 40% of apple watch orders. Given the company’s strong manufacturing advantages, it is expected that the share will remain high in the future.
5.mr: expected to build a consumer electronic second-growth curve Down by quarter, with a narrow decline, with global vr sales of 7.53 million in 2023, equal to 24 per cent, of which metaquest series sales were 5.41 million, equivalent to 32 per cent; and global q4 sales of 190,000, equivalent to the same increase, in 2023
30 per cent, mainly benefiting from the growth in demand for visual aar glasses, with a global sales volume of 510,000, or 38 per cent, in 2023; 1.72 million, or 9 per cent, of global vr sales in 2024, with a projected global sales volume of 8.44 million, or 12 per cent, in 2024; 113,000, or 16 per cent, of global aar sales in 2024, with a projected global sales volume of 650,000,
According to idc, 24.7 million vr sales were projected in 2028, 29 per cent in five years, 10.9 million in five years and 87 per cent in five years.
Apples released their first-generation mr (visionpro) in June 2023, a product of the highest value of consumer electronics, with technological innovation leading peers: 1 vst viewing senses are better; 2 single-sighted resolutions are higher and text reading is more readable; 3 shows a higher degree of contrast.
Using microoled screens: 4 optical lenses are more efficient and less costly: 5 hand gestures are more accurate: 6 eye chases are naturally accurate and the algorithms are excellent: 7 chip processors are more robust (m2+custody r1 visual processors): 8 are less expensive, visionpro opened on 19 January 2024, and were officially sold on 2 February on the United States market for $3499.
In 2024, q1 sales amounted to 290,000, and this year, Vionpro gradually landed in eight countries/areas (China, Japan, New Gabo, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, United Kingdom), China, as a non-American start-up market, started pre-purchases at 9 p.m. on 14 June, and became officially marketed on 28 June. Apple and China Network showed a start-up price of RMB 29999.
Three: Cars: Ten years of precision manufacturing, which is expected to build the world's Tier1 leader, 1. Automobile business is growing fast, and the world's Tier 1 leader is looking forward to a global lead producer.
The company ' s automobile business started with a co-operation with the Tier 1 company, the Usb data line, the merger and purchase of Fuzhou in 2012, the German suk break out of complex and sophisticated structures in 2013, the Group ' s participation in the Chirre Group in 2022, and the help company ' s realization of auto parts and components product, covering electrification (low pressure, high pressure wire beams), connectors (low pressure, high pressure, high-speed connectors),
Smart cabins (information entertainment systems, ar-hud, electronic rearview mirrors, etc.), body control/intelligent access (zcu, ecu, ect, sensors, etc.), power management (ccs, pdu, bdu, inverters, etc.). According to the company ' s investor activity log, the value of single-line beams is over 10,000 yuan, super-connectors, charge guns, screens, wireless chargers, etc.
Smart cabins, such as modules, with a single-car value of $340,000 for corporate products, the company wants a long-term global car package.
In addition, consumer electronics companies (Worn, Rice) are gradually entering the automobile chain, helping companies to build their cars, taking into account the general requirement for proximity principles in the automobile industry, which now has a number of manufacturing-based customers at home and abroad, and are continuing to build new manufacturing bases to meet their needs on a continuous basis.
2. The trend towards motorization + intelligentization + integration has led to the prospect of a rise in Chinese tier1 and, according to Marklines, global sales of light vehicles reached 900 million in 2023, an increase of 11 per cent, and motor vehicle sales reached 6.8 million in April 2024, an increase of 2.8 per cent, with robust growth in demand in the automotive sector.
Electricity is growing faster and smarter. According to electricity, in 2023, the number of new energy vehicles sold worldwide reached 14,65 million, the same 35 per cent, and the penetration rate was 16 per cent, with China selling 9.5 million, the same 38 per cent; the global volume of new energy vehicles is expected to reach 18.3 million, the same 25 per cent, and China selling new energy vehicles in 2024.
A total of 11.8 million vehicles, a 24 per cent increase; 47 million new energy vehicles sold globally in 2030, and 18 per cent in seven years of cagr. Cleaning up more services, China produced 2.9 million new energy vehicles, 30 per cent more and 33 per cent more in January-April 2024.
In terms of intelligence, q4 Chinese l2 and above penetration rates reached 41% in 2023, and intelligence figures 45: China's new energy vehicle production continues to increase, the whole e/e structure evolves from a distributed to a centralized one. 1) The traditional decentralized structure is mostly between vehicle functions and ecu
It is a one-to-one mapping that, with the increasing complexity of electronic vehicle functions, requires a significant increase in the number of ecu requirements, resulting in high communications loads, arithmetic waste, higher costs, limited internal data transfer bandwidth, and difficulties in meeting intellectual development needs. And technological upgrades, such as ecu processing, network bandwidth, gateways, etc.
Support centralization of logical calculations, control of data and distribution of power by regional controllers, facilitating the evolution of the entire car structure in the direction of centralization. (2) The evolution of the whole car structure has contributed to the acceleration of the restructuring of new energy vehicles, the value chain of smart cars, the acceleration of the supply chain, the proliferation of car parts and components markets, and the gradual break-up of relatively closed support systems.
Automobile architecture requires software hardware to match rapid rotation, upstream and downstream industrial chains to networked structures, improve co-research and development efficiency, shorten manufacturing cycles, and move the entire factory to favour the rapid rotational capabilities accumulated by car parts companies with consumer-type experience in consumer sub-products, cost-control awareness, experience in responding to demand in a timely manner, and folding up the entire domestic product.
According to statista, the global electronics market for automobiles reached $294.9 billion in 2022, is projected to reach $41.6 billion in 2027, 7% in five years of cagr, and 45% of the total car cost in 2030.
The Association, the Chinese motor electronics market, continued to grow in size, reaching 97.8 billion yuan in 2022, 12 per cent in the same amount, and 10.7 billion yuan in the same amount in 2023, and, according to the Sadi think tank, car electronics reached 49 per cent, i.e., Boshi, Mainland, Electric, Delfort and Wei Se-Tung, respectively.
The Chinese mainland, the electric suit, and the Mobis are all over $300 billion in revenue, far beyond the soundness of the message ($9.3 billion). Figure 48: A robust growth in the size of the global automobile electronic market Figure 49: Global Automobile Electronics Competition Pattern 2020
1. Continuous upscaling of telecommunications operations and gradual enrichment of the product matrix.
With 30 years of experience in digital cables and servers, technology has been brought together to improve the layout of the field of communications. By acquiring all of qorvo’s assets in Beijing and Shandong, in 2023, the company’s sophisticated manufacturing capacity at the front end of the radio frequency module has been further developed, and the advantages of vertical integration services have been strengthened to facilitate the company’s cross-cutting development from system encapsulation to module encapsulation.
In 2023, corporate telecommunications interconnections and precision components received $14.5 billion, an increase of 13 per cent, with a Māori rate of 15.8 per cent, compared to a rise in the number of companies that abandoned some of their low-profit products.In terms of products, corporate products cover electrical connections (connectors and connector components, cable and cable modules), light connections.
Nuclear products such as aoc, photomodules, photovoltaics, radiators, radiators, radiators (the solutions of fans, heat pipes, vc, water cooling, liquid cooling, cdu and container temperature control), power sources (the overall solution of one power source, secondary to three power sources), base station radio frequency, etc.
The solution, which covers products such as electrical connection, light connection, power management, radiation, etc., is expected to be 100 billion yuan in total market size.
The interface is gradually open, the functionality is highly integrated, and the interconnected components show a three-high and one-low trend (high speed, high density, high reliability and low wear and tear). With the strategy of "Applied generation, develop generation, research generation" the company communicates with the products of technology research and development, technological breakthroughs, precision manufacturing of products, etc., continue to capture the high level of recognition of head customers, both within and outside the country.
The company’s core competitive advantage in data centre applications is to continue to provide original development on low-speed, high-speed 1-0 interfaces, light and electricity transmissions. Companies actively dominate or participate in industry standard-setting for high-speed interconnected products-related technologies, for example.
cpo light interconnection standards, equipment professional interfaces qsfp 112 international standards, etc. Companies build basic R & D capabilities around imitation technologies, new materials and applications of new processes, and applied research on test technologies, providing strong technological support for telecommunications interconnectivity products in different product forms.
Dismantling of blocks and components, single-point manufacturing processes and technologies, enabling products to be produced with a high degree of automation or fully automated, efficient and high-quality production, regardless of size and volume. With regard to electrical connection products, to meet the high-speed interconnection needs of the next generation of servers, the company has introduced support for pc1e6.0 and
i Data centre, exchange area high-speed 112g, 224g and even search 448g for related interconnectivity products. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In the area of light interconnection, companies have 400 g, 800 g and 1.6t products; in the area of cpo, companies are the masters of national standards and actively promote cpo in domestic commerce, on the one hand, and North American customer projects, on the other, with strong demand and space for growth.
According to idc, in 2023 there were 12.26 million global servers, equal to 17 per cent, and the market size was $13.29 billion, the same increase was 13 per cent, in 2024 there were 3.180,000 global servers, the same increase was 6 per cent, and the market size was $38 billion, an increase of 32 per cent. Global servers were expected to reach 13.25 million, the same increase was 8 per cent, and the market size was $162.9 billion in 2024.
In recent years, thanks to an increase in the penetration rate of the i server, the unit price of the server continued to rise, with 890,000 Gpu acceleration card servers delivered in 2023, 15 per cent more and 7 per cent more, with a market size of $40 billion, 149 per cent more and penetration.
The data centre industry has been an important downstream application in the connection market, according to Bishop & Associates, which in 2020 reached $211 billion in telecommunications connectors and beams and $19 billion in 2023 in communications connector markets.
This represents 23 per cent, covering areas such as mobile phones, telecommunications base stations, data centres and so on, with a boom in the beneficiary, the communications market is projected at $20 billion in 2024, with an increase of 5 per cent: communications connector cr. in 2019, 65 per cent, industry leader Afino, 25 per cent; the company ranks third, with a 9 per cent share.
Figure 57: Steady growth in the size of the telecommunications connector market in 2023 Figure 58: Competition patterns in communications connectors in 2019
According to Lightcounting, the high-speed cable market in 2028 amounted to $2.8 billion and the five-year cagr to 18%; of these, aocs (sourced fibre), dacs (sourceless copper), aecs (sourced cable) 5-year cagr were 15%, 25%, and 45%. Considering that large artificial intelligence clusters will rely heavily on light modules, but smaller system equipment will mainly use cable, the city of aocs is expected to be the city of aocs
Because dacs do not need electricity, contribute to upgrading the power efficiency of the data centre and reduce energy consumption, future market share is expected to continue to rise. Aecs has a longer and lighter transmission distance than dacs, and is expected to account for the future market share, assuming that the data centre accounts for 7% of the global connection market, corresponding to the market size of the data centre connectors in 2023 at $5.7 billion.
Meta. Server connectors can be divided by module into ddr connectors for storage modules, data transfer modules mesh connectors, power module connections for big currents, optical transmission module fibre-optic connectors and signal transfer modules for high-speed backboard connections: they can also be divided into internal and external i/o type connectors: external i/o type connectors are mainly type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type type.
rj45, sfp, qsfp, d-sub, etc.; the internal connectors are mainly cpusocket, pcie, ddr, Mini-sas, mini-sashd, genz, slimsas, high-speed backboard connectors, etc. On 19th, Anveta released the gb200nv72 system, with nv72 containing 18 servers and 9 switchboards.
1 nvidiab200sorcoregpu, 1 nvidiagracecpu, each with two exchange chips. nv72 totals 5,000 nvlink cables for a total of two miles (3.2 km). The new dgx system achieves a data transfer rate of up to 130 tb/s through nvlinkswitch. Copper connection is more effective than light connection.
This has been reduced to 1/6.) According to estimates, the Gb200nv72 system has a single root cable transmission rate of more than 200 gb/s. The company has now successfully completed 112 gb/s, 224 gb/naked bulk delivery, taking into account that the gb200nvl72 singleware can provide about 10,000 units, corresponding to a market size of $5 billion and $30 billion (equivalent to $4.3 billion), and has successfully imported the gb200nv72 enterprise.
2.2 Light connection: hundreds of billions of markets are growing fast and new technologies are available for the future. According to Lightcounting, the market size of light modules declined slightly in 2023 (by 6 per cent) to approximately $11 billion, mainly from ftx (optic access) and wireless fronthaul (forward transmission) modules, benefiting from a significant decrease in demand for one.
In 2024, the market was expected to be about $6.4 billion, 40% higher, and 25% higher in aoc. The global market was expected to be nearly $24 billion, 15% in 2028, with a five-year capgr.
Figure 62: Rapid growth of the global market for e-Netlight modules in terms of technological trends: 1) high integration of silicon light solutions, at peak speed, energy consumption, cost, etc.
Both have performed well and are one of the key future directions for the industry, with a total market size of $8 billion for the sphere silicon module in 2026, half of market demand, and a split with the traditional plug-in module. 2) Linear-driven plug-in (lpo) (lineardrivepluggableoptics) is the adoption of linear straight-lined modules
Driving technology, removing traditional dsp (digital signal processing)/cdr (clocktime data recovery) chips, in the light module, leaving only high-linear triver (drivers) and tia (trans-impedanceamplifier, cross-blocking large) and integrating cule (continoustimelinearequalization, linear balance over time)
and eq (equalization, balance) to achieve the advantage of system decomposition and delay, but at the expense of system error rates and transmission distances. A specific short-range application scenario. 3) Photovoltaic co-encapsulation (cpo) refers to the exchange of asic chips and silicon engines (optic devices) for co-encapsing on the same high-speed main board, thereby reducing signal decay and drops.
Low system power, lower cost, and high integration. From 1.6t, the traditional plug-in rate can be upgraded or reached to the limit, and subsequent light interconnection upgrades may shift to cpo and associated programmes. Companies have developed multiple scenarios such as co-encapsulated optical (cpo) and pcie/usb-c, mainly for data centres and the i cluster.
The solution is light, where the company has the ability to develop, imitate, process and test the complete product, while the company has a series of differentiated solutions, such as dpo, lro, lpo, which are in a time-down environment where power is consumed, and the product covers a bandwidth of 100 g to 800 g, meeting the high-speed interconnection needs of the data centre in different settings.
On the other hand, companies also have 400g, 800g and 1.6t products to cover their current and future ai applications, and many projects are moving forward and falling into the ground. In the area of co-encapable optical (cpo) products, companies, as national standard leaders, are also actively promoting cpo's commercial presence in the country, while companies are actively involved in many North American customers.
Purpose development: In the light interconnection areas of pc1e and usb-c, companies are also active in expanding the application of cpo and promoting the landing of key customers on these programmes. Consumer electronics: 1) According to idc, the volume of iphones in 2023 was 230 million, or 4%, and ranked first in the world.
The apple share has continued to rise in recent years; with regard to software, in June, the first large-form Apple-generated ia apple intelligence was officially launched, and the appleinelligence could only be used for iphone15pro or higher; with regard to hardware, apples are expected to release iphone 17slim in 2025, and slim is probably the largest change in a decade.
In 2023, with 840 million apples in global holdings and a 3.6-year replacement cycle, software-plus hardware innovation is expected to shorten.
With the same reduction of 17 per cent and 14 per cent; q1 global pc output of 60 million in 2024, a 2 per cent increase, ending the demand for pc from aipc in 2021, which, according to idc, is expected to reach nearly 50 million aipc in 2024 and 34 per cent decline in corporate computer business revenue in 2027; and we believe that benefiting from the recovery of industrial demand and the build-up of company shares,
Communications interconnection products and precision components: 1) based on the global arrival of 1.226 million servers in idc.2023, equal to 17 per cent, global q1 servers in 2024, $3.18 million, same increase of 6 per cent, and projected global delivery of 13.25 million servers, same increase of 8 per cent in 2024. The i server continues to grow and the traditional server needs are warmer. 2), the q1 server is fast.
Rapid growth, with an estimated Gb200nv72 single-package package offering a solution of $2.09 million covering such products as electrical connection, light connection, power management, heat radiation, etc., with an estimated total market size of $100 billion. 3) Reconstructed by poor year-on-year demand for traditional servers, restructuring of company products, 13 per cent increase in corporate communications revenue in 2023 and a deceleration in 2024.
Quick; considering the continued rise in the income share of high-profit products (electric connection, light connection), the expected increase in the share of telecommunications interconnected products and fine electronic markets, the value of corporate products in single-car volumes of $30-40.000, and the realization of investment returns in partnership with Chissil Support, investment returns are projected: investment returns are mainly due to the investment returns of associated companies, which were established in early 2021.
The profits from the investments of the joint venture were growing rapidly at the Kansu and Kunshan plants, where, according to the company announcement, the profits were less than $180 million and the company showed 10 per cent of the profits; the profits were raised at $180-300 million and the company was listed at 2/3; and the profits of the joint venture were greater than $300 million and the company was listed at 90 per cent. In 2021 and before, the return on the investment of the joint venture was lower than the return on the investment of the joint venture.
It's $2.04 billion, and it's growing fast. We estimate 2023 to be about 20% of the iPhone assembly. According to idc, the average price of the iPhone in 2023 was $1045, and the price of the fake assembly was $520, corresponding to nearly $170 billion in 2023, and it is expected that the future will be accompanied by a sustained increase in the share of the assembly and higher profitability that will drive the public.
Q1 joint venture investment returns of $455 million in 2024, a 30 per cent increase, taking into account companies Figure 67: Rapid growth in investment returns of joint ventures and joint ventures in recent years 2. Investment proposals and valuations
Technology, crystal-crystal light power, and abdominal holdings. Considering the firm position of the company’s consumer e-consumption poles, the time-limited growth in communications automobile operations, 1. Downstream market demand risk of weakening: if future global consumer e-demands fall short of expectations, it may result in less than expected business income and higher profits for the company’s owners.
2. Risk transfer in the industrial chain: considering that apples continue to increase their investment in India, the company ' s operations will be significantly adversely affected if it accelerates the removal of the industrial chain from China in the future for a single large customer to rely on risk: the company ' s first largest client earns 75 per cent of the income, and if there are adverse changes in its partnership with the first largest customer.
4. Risk of exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi: the company ' s overseas income was 90 per cent, and exchange rate fluctuations were spread over the gross profit/loss on sales, exchange gains and losses, and the rate of return on each share of the net assets for the current period.