5g with the data centre built steadily and corporate performance growing steadily - Quarterly Review Report for Deep South Circuit (002916) Date: 29 October 2020
In the first three quarters of 2020, total corporate income was 8,983 million, an increase of 17.29 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit of $1,098 million, an increase of 26.6 per cent over the same period last year.
The printing of circuit boards, electronic fittings, and enveloped base plate operations form the unique “3-in-one” business layout of the industry: i.e., with connectivity at its core, and with the continuous enhancement of the lead role of the printed circuit board in the production business, significant efforts are made to develop its “technical” envelope and “customer-like” operations.
New infrastructure has accelerated 5g communications, data centre penetration, and driven pcb volumes at full cost: according to Ministry of Information and Communications data, by the end of September, the country had built a cumulative 5g base station of 690,000 stations, and this year we have built a 5g base station of approximately 560,000 stations, which is expected to add more than 600,000 stations throughout the year.
The performance of 300 indexes of relative depth per unit is a significant increase in the use of pcb in rru in 5 g base stations compared to 4g base stations, and the use of the massivemimo technique in the antenna will also increase the use of the antenna pcb. At the same time, the 5g network has accelerated.
Deployment-led downstream applications are expanding, including 4k video, cloud games, ar/vr, object networking, etc., and are expected to directly drive data centre deployment requirements and further drive the pcb message board requirements.
Household demand has changed, maintaining a stable market share at the client level; the current development of large domestic data centres is well under way and is expected to benefit further from the technological lead that the expansion will bring with it: China is the world’s largest consumer e-market.
Over the past year, technological innovation has led to the upgrading of electronics, increased demand and domestic ownership Data cut-off date: 28 October 2020.
Since 2020, some of the company’s clients _aaa_Deep South circuits (002916), affected by the epidemic, have reported semi-annual reviews.
Trade, logistics, etc., has been affected, but companies have been keenly aware of such markets as communications, medical care, etc. in the event of an outbreak.
The opportunity, with the break-down of the market and steady growth in size, was reported in mid-2019 by aaa_Deep South circuit (002916), with an increase in income of 5g and continued benefit of 5g.
Xia Qingqing, He Xiang Soong-woo, the storage of the board business is well under way: the envelope board is the share of the packaged material.
About 46% is a key package in the integrated circuit industry chain. The sealing board not only provides support, radiation, and protection for chips, but also provides electrical connection between the chip and the pcb matrix. The company's sealing board operations are based on punch products such as mems-mics, fingerprinting modules, etc.
The development of the radio frequency module as a new niche product and the rapid advancement of the development of products such as storage to create new growth points. The company's Shenzhen base-site plant has continued to be technically modified and output capacity has been rising; The silicon-free plant, which was tested online in June 2019, is now relatively imported into the storage class.
Successfully, some of the key domestic and foreign clients are in the production phase. Risk factors: risk of less than expected penetration of 5g, less than expected risk of technology research and development, risk of increased market competitiveness, risk of large-scale expansion of post-partum capacity.