q3 Performance meets expectations and 5g long-term needs
The communications sector is affected by trade frictions, the demand ring of 5g has been reduced, the ratio of high Maori products has been reduced and productivity gains have been achieved
The demand for communications in the third quarter was affected by trade frictions in the short term, with a decline in the yield ring ratio, but the long-term construction trend remains unchanged: according to the Ministry of Information, the country will have more than half a million base stations built by the end of this year. The investment cycle of 5g has exceeded eight years, with an overall investment of about 1.5 times that of 4g. According to c114, China moved to the 2020 4g wireless facility collection at the end of September.
Servers, data centres, driven by cloud computing needs, have continued to increase the share of server products. The second phase of the South-Teleton project, launched in March, is currently using 73 per cent of the funds and is expected to achieve an additional capacity of 580,000 square metres per year after childbirth, $1.5 billion won in revenue and 300 million yuan in profits, and the product structure will be further optimized.
Conversion will result in further productivity improvements. ic board productivity is well uphill, advantage is maintained at a relatively high climate, no tin-board plant capacity is being upgraded to contribute to new capacity, and demand is higher in such areas as mems-mics, fingerprints, radio frequencies, etc.
The company’s silicon microphones cover the base plate market by over 30%, with terminal applications mainly in international customers such as Samsung and Apple. The tin-free base plate factory came into production in June 19 and is in the field of positioning storage. Active storage of technology such as fc-csp.
The industry currently has a 41-fold market surplus (ttm, general approach) and maintains a corporate “recommend” rating, taking into account that the company is the lead company in the country in the pcb field.
Division evaluation: Reported performance in line with expectations, 5g+ data Increased industry competition: 2; less than expected: 3 and 5g base stations were constructed at a lower rate than expected: 4; exchange rate fluctuations risk. 2. Deep south circuit (002916), 2.
Divisional rating: excellent performance forecast, 5g+ data high-centre view Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity and Investment Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,