The company recently published its semi-annual report for 2018. In mid-2018, the company achieved its goal.
In the first half of the year, it benefited from good market conditions, and the prices of the company's yellow chicken sales rose by 58.16 per cent to $13.41 per kilo per kilo per year, and the profit from the push rose significantly. We estimated that the company's yellow chickens were about $4.9, net profit.
About $3.9. Yellow chicken sales decreased by 11.81 per cent to 336 million feathers from the same period the previous year, and the business as a whole made a profit of about $1.3 billion, well over the same period last year.
As a result of the low market performance, the prices of the company ' s meat and pork sales fell by 24.06 per cent to the dollar on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a net loss of about $40 per head and an overall loss of about $400 million in pig-raising operations.
Growth, mainly benefiting from the release of prior-period capacity. In the first half of the year, the company sold the highest/minimum bioassets for 12 months, an increase of 9.94% compared to the beginning of the year, or about 8% compared to the beginning of the year; fixed assets increased compared to the beginning of the year.
In the first half of the year, the pig-breeding business suffered a loss, but the two industries weakened.
Winch shares (300498). Pig prices are expected to rebound in the second half of the year, and pig farming will resume.
Profit, yellow chicken business is expected to continue to grow. We're looking forward to the growth in corporate farming and distribution. - 2017/08/17 (300498): Low-valued lead business, performance.
Risk factors: lower prices of pork and yellow chicken and a sharp increase in the price of feed raw materials
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.