During the industry’s low-growth period, well-developed business structures and large production sizes have become the firm’s core strength in dealing with the risks of the industry’s cyclical nature, and the firm’s core competitive edge over its peers.
The country’s prices are expected to remain low for a long time, and the prospects for profit in the industry are not promising, and the company’s future performance is high, but there is limited scope for further declines, given that prices are now at a relatively low point in history. At the same time, the Chinese-American trade war is expected to lead to imports.
During the reporting period, the sales of corporate commodities dropped by 24.06%. Meanwhile, according to data from the Chinese Livestock Information Network, forage in the first half of the year.
Prices of maize and soybean, the main raw material, have increased slightly over the same year, and the cost of pig farming has risen over the same time. Depending on falling prices and rising costs, companies have experienced a significant decline in profits from pig farming, reporting that the Wenhouse Shares (300498) annual report - short-term performance pressure.
The industry is expected to maintain a low level of supply and demand. From a supply point of view, in the context of the tightening of environmental protection and the “South China Dollar Securities Corporation Research-Win 17 Pigs North Migration”, the flagship companies carry the capacity of the vast majority of small and medium-sized farmers in the industry.
Yearly performance forecasts - price falls drag short-term performance and volume increases sustain long-term swings, leading firms have relatively stable productive capacity, supply is relatively stable, and period growth is 2018-1-10
So, as the industry goes down, because of the release of the production capacity of the flagship, the supply of the raw pig to the U.S. Dollar Securities Corporation ' s research-wenstock (300,498) event point is still growing. At the same time, the production capacity of our future pig-breeding company is still increasing.
In the long run, the supply side of the country shows a relaxed supply and demand. At the demand side, the consumption of pork is stable. In the long run, the consumption of poultry meat, beef and seafood has increased.
In general, with a steady rise in supply and a steady demand, the country’s pig-breeding industry is expected to remain low. The industry is weak, and the rest is the king.
The size of 18 Maysan Road, Heung Fu City, Anhui Province, China, has become the company's core advantage in addressing cyclical risks in the industry, and the company's core of excellence over its peers.
We believe that the downside of the industry cycle will lead to a new round of shuffling in the industry, and the next round of recovery in the industry will be a time when the prices of leading business owners will rise, keeping in mind the company’s long-term development. In the short run, the pig industry will not improve, and the company will be pressured to do so.