The yellow chicken plate continues to look like it's a drag on the pig price.
Winch shares published the semi-annual report for 2018. 218h1 achieved business income of $25.317 billion, an increase of 0.77 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders was $917 billion, a decrease of $49.32 per cent, corresponding to eps0.18. As a result of the downside in pig prices, there was a loss in pig farming. 2018h1 companies sold 10.35664 million meat pigs, an increase of 15.44 per cent in the same year.
The price is 11.77 yuan per kilogram, a 24.06 per cent drop in the same year, with pigs weighing 118.13 kilograms in the column. The low price of pigs affects the income and profits of piglets, especially the overall loss in the industry in the second quarter, when the average price for sales in the company is only 10.59 yuan per kilogram.
Billion dollars, an increase of 36.63 per cent in the same year, and an increase of $13.41 per kilogram in sales, an increase of 58.16 per cent in the same year. Improved supply and demand patterns, yellow and feather chicken prices, and the chicken landscape can continue throughout the year. The company’s business model of “walking on two legs” demonstrated the obvious effect of smooth cycles this year, and the apparent improvement in yellow chicken profits partly compensated for the decline in the profits of pig-breeding and created a clear advantage for companies to distinguish from other pig-breeding enterprises.
The company’s layout on the farm chain, in addition to the main-born pig and chicken farming, is moving steadily. 25 new veterinary product approvals and 12 patent technologies have been obtained in the first half of the year: the dairy industry expands its marketing channels even further.
In the first half of the year, 403,000 tons of original milk were sold and 0.76 million tons of finished milk were sold, resulting in a total sales income of $280 million; in the first half of the year, the raw business started a river-source project to build up the supply chain and regulate the management system. The accompanying business plate, in addition to making a profitable contribution to the company’s many openings, also contributed to the company’s further growth to the agro-pastoral group, which was able to connect the entire industry.
The impact of the cost of business expansion and amortization increased by three costs. The company ' s three cost rates for the first half of the year were 7.18 per cent, an increase of 1.19 percentage points over the same period. \triangleright, where the cost of sales increased by 0.21 percentage points, mainly from employee remuneration, advertising costs, etc., as a result of the company ' s downstream business expansion
Growth; an increase of 0.78 percentage points in management costs, mainly from amortization costs of $78.4 million resulting from restrictive equity incentives schemes; negative shifts in corporate financial costs due to low prices for pigs and the impact of the financing environment. Although the company’s three rates increased during the reporting period, they remain low in the industry due to the light asset model that the company has been following.
We expect that pig farming will continue to make some profits throughout the year, and that the continued yellow plate has brought unique advantages to the company, partially compensating for the impact of the downside. We look at the improved profits of the pig plate in the second half of the year, and the continued yellow plate landscape, which is expected to be a source of financial prosperity for the East between 2018 and 2020, respectively.
He's the fourth in the real estate industry. He's the top ten prizes for the 2012 Chinese Stock Exchange Award (seventh place). He's the seventh in the 2012 Award.
Name. Information Year 2014: "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasts Accurately in Real Estate." 2016: Research Assistant for Investment in Sky-Eye Real Estate Industry.
A Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined East Hing Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies