Winch shares (300498): A rise in poultry profits to compensate for the low prices of pigs, a high market for agro-forestry fisheries and yellow pheasant chickens, and a significant increase in the profits of poultry farms: the company in the first half of the year.
The sales of food chickens were 336 million, a decline of 14.92% from the same year. A combination of market access and price recovery in the yellow-yellow chicken industry resulted in a revenue of 848.8 billion yuan, an increase of 36.63% from the same year and an increase in the average sales price of $13.41/kg from the same year.
58.16 per cent of the profits from poultry farming have increased considerably, while the company has established a new live poultry slaughter business in Xianning, North Lake, for the first six months of the year, and it is expected that the company is now able to slaughter more than 130 million live birds per year, accounting for 20 per cent or 20 per cent of the annual production capacity of chickens.
The company’s continued dynamism in food processing and fresh food, the future of the poultice, the company’s basics (latest) the downside of the pig price, the company’s sales in the first half of the year of 10.3564 million meat pigs.
The same-year-old growth of 15.44 per cent and the expansion of production capacity continued, but the overall decline in sales prices was greater and continued for a longer period, owing to the continuing decline in domestic pig production in March-June. The company ' s pig-breeding business was affected and the commodity pork was sold.
Prices fell by 24.06 per cent from the same year, and the same performance of pig-breeding business shifted from profit to loss. However, the loss of pig-breeding business has been made up because of the high profitability of poultry-breeding business, and prices have recovered since July, and the national average has now risen by $14/cong.
It is expected that the average price of a pig in the second half of the year will be above $13. The company’s pig-breeding business will still be profitable throughout the year.
The year is still expected to be profitable, thus maintaining a prudentially recommended rating. Corporate profit forecast (millions of dollars).
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.