Winch shares (300498.sz)
The company published its semi-annual report in 2018, which generated business income of $25.317 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 0.77 per cent over the same period; net hog prices are delaying farm performance and expanding scale: (1) pig prices are delaying farm performance. In the first half of 2018, the company generated $14.396 billion in sales of pig-bearing business.
Roads have fallen, with a phased bottom of $10.1 per kilogram at the end of May, while price fluctuations for feed materials have led to higher farm costs, which have significantly slowed company performance growth. The third quarter of mid-autumn, the national holiday, will be followed by a seasonal increase in consumption demand, which is expected to restore performance.
In the first half of the year, as the negative effects of the H7n9 events in 2017 subsided and the supply was tight, the poultry situation generally improved.
The average sales price of the company ' s commodities, chicken and duck, increased by 58.16 per cent and 88.09 per cent, respectively, and the poultry business was also profitable and compensated for the losses of the pig-breeding business.
In the first half of 2018, the cost for the three periods of company sales, management and finance was $1.82 billion, compared to the previous year (300,498): the increase in the performance of the deep deficit in poultry farming was due mainly to higher interest expenditure.
Wen shares (300,498): low prices, scale releases.
1. Risks of major diseases; 2, the price of pigs rebounds short of expectations; 3, the price of raw materials rises, etc.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic is based on the author's professional understanding, that the report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and that the conclusions are not directed by any third party or