BluesTech (300433.sz) has a rear-cap innovation promoting the industry to the top of the stairs, and smart terminals differ in the face and function of the glass in competition: smart terminals represented by smart phones.
As the penetration rises into the stock competitive pattern, changes in the skin value of the glass cover become an important competitive strategy for the terminal. On the functional side, with 5g communications and expectations of new functions, including wireless charging, metal machines, shell shielding of signals became a major bottleneck, and new material selection became the direction of the industry, in glass, in blue.
New materials such as stones, ceramics, as glass that has been used by iphone4 as a back cover material, are expected to be the preferred option, whether in terms of technical feasibility, value for money, or the approval of the terminal manufacturer. The curve shows the wind to rise, and the 3d glass penetration is expected to increase rapidly: the field of displays of mobile terminals shows the curves of the field.
The changes have not only affected the innovation of the display, but have also contributed to the evolution of the protective glass. Since the first applications of curvature glass on electronic consumer products in 2008, 2d, 2.5d glass has been widely used, with successive developments in companies such as Corning, Schott, Neg, Japan, agc, etc.
With glass materials suitable for the 3d glass model formation, the 3d curved glass has the advantage of light, transparent, clean, anti-guide, anti-blind, anti-sort light, weather-resistant, etc., leading to its gradual application to process manufacturing of smart end-products, including domestic and international manufacturers such as the Three Stars, Mi, Hua, etc., which have introduced relevant products and will expand as the soft screen expands in the future.
The penetration of the 3d glass will also increase rapidly. The industry’s booming champions sail: consumer electronics, driven by the demand for double-faced glass and 3d glass, protect the glass and are expected to pick up rapidly the size of the market as a global market.
One of the leading firms, a company that actively expands its capacity based on the advantages of the capital market, is expected to enjoy its full potential. The expansion is expected to lead to the growth of the market as a whole.
The potential of the company is to be expected: the consumer electronics protection panels and the sheeting industry are also going through a period of constant tanning, except for glass and metals, where the sapphire is already adequate in terms of key protection panels, camera protection panels, and ceramic materials in terms of fingerprint identification panels, mobile phones and apparelable equipment.
The company actively exploits the competitiveness of products such as sapphire through a variety of sources, including internal R&D, external cooperation, and expansion of capacity, to lay a solid foundation for the company’s future growth.
Founded in December 2006, in June 2011 it was changed to a limited company, LansyTech Inc., and registered on the Shenzhen Exchange Enterprise Board in March 2015. The company covers window protection glass, touch screens, touch screens, model groups, cameras, press keys, ceramics, metal accessories, etc., and the products are widely applied to medium- and high-end smartphones, tablet computers, notebooks, etc.
Computers, smart apparel devices, digital cameras, players, gps navigation devices, car instruments, etc. (i) The company's history and its stock structure.
Investment in Lanthys Technology (Hunan) Ltd., which is the company ' s predecessor, was established in the Hunan Xiaoyang region, changed as a whole in June 2011 and was officially listed on the deep-seated business board on March 18, 2015. The company operates primarily on research and development, production, sale of high-end window-touch-protected glass panels, touch-touch modules, and window-touch-protected new materials.
After considerable resources were invested in the areas of ceramics, 3d curry glass, and automation of production, the company ' s product line was expanded from the initial window-protected glass to include all-industry chain production of sapphires, manufacture, production, back-processing, precision ceramic design, processing capacity, and bulk production capacity of 3d curled glass, and the gradual introduction of the import of automated equipment into the process.
As of the three-quarterly report in 2016, the real owners of the company were Mr. and Mrs. Zhou Qun Fei and Mr. Jung Jun-Long, who together held the company ' s shares, with 75.2 per cent of the shares in Lansy (Hong Kong) and Changsha (Hong Kong) by holding 100 per cent of the company ' s first largest share in the company, 99.7 per cent of the second shareholder ' s share in Sha Xing ' s investment consultancy.
(ii) Main business analysis: front-line companies with glass-protected materials. The company's main product is window-protected glass, which is used to include mobile terminals, consumer electronics, vehicle terminals, smart homes, doctors.
In areas such as therapeutic equipment, which are accompanied by industrial upgrading and extension of the industrial chain, the company ' s product lines extend to touch screens, touch screens, cameras, key presses, ceramics, metal fittings, etc. LansyTech is based at the Hunan Longsand National Bio-Industries Base, with 10 fully-funded and controlled subsidiaries under the flag.
Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Hunan Xiaoyang, Changsha, Changzhou, Jiangsu-kun, etc. As the company’s lines of operation expand, the use of protective glass in smart terminals has been accompanied by increased applications of double glass, 3d curvature, etc., and the need for sapphire, ceramic, etc. in mobile smart terminals will continue to grow.
In 2015, companies achieved business income of $17.23 billion, an increase of 18.8 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the large-scale start-up of production, the gradual release of new capacity, the expansion of sapphire crystals and processing, and a significant increase in orders and sales during the year.
Based on the increase in the volume of small-scale window-protected glass, including 2.5d glass, sapphire, etc., the share of products increased. By the third quarter of 2016, sales revenue was $10.65 billion, with less than expected output from major customers, a 16.6 per cent decline in the same year.
In terms of client distribution, the company ' s main clients are internationally recognized smart terminal producers, accounting for a major share of the global smartphone and tablet market, with sales revenue from the top five clients accounting for 84.1 per cent of the income from the main business and higher client concentration.
This is determined by the characteristics of the consumer electronics industry itself and the competitiveness of the ems industry. Large-scale customers dominate, with continuous industrial penetration of products such as 3d glass, sapphire tablets, ceramics, etc., the company’s future product lines will be enriched.
2. The upgrading of the corporate profitability analysis model, with prior-period inputs gradually entering the performance release period, the scale effect being associated with the upgrading of the company’s management capacity, and the level of net profit having been significantly increased in the first three quarters of 2016 as a result of the growth in operating income.
Billion dollars, which measured the fourth quarter of the year to be around $41-600 million, continued to recover. The size fell as a result of the impact of major customer end-outputs, but the Māori rate still rose by 4.1 percentage points to a level that, according to the data from the 2016 semi-annual report, was clear in terms of product and marketing market breakdowns.
With the increase in the scale of major client sales and the continued release of company capacity, there are still (iii) recent developments in corporate profitability in the future: capital-assisted capacity expansion to prepare for industrial booms. In September 2016, the company issued an announcement on the public issue of corporate bonds, which are not to exceed the size of the proposed issue.
3 billion yuan (including 3 billion yuan) is to be used to repay bank borrowings and replenish liquidity after deducting the issue fee. 100 yuan is the nominal value of the bond, which is issued at par value and does not exceed 5 years (including 5 years), the bond variety can be a mixture of single or multiple durations, the bond is fixed interest rate, and the specific interest rate level and the manner in which the interest is paid is requested to be authorized by the general meeting of shareholders of the company.
In December 2016, the company received approval from the CSRC for approval, and the first issue was issued in instalments. In September 2016, Lance International acquired limited plastic from the BJP 215 million investment holdings.
In December 2016, the company settled the debts of United (China) Science and Technology Ltd. with its own funds, amounting to RMB 1,220 million, for the future expansion of the company in South China.
Winner companies are mainly engaged in the development and manufacture of liquid crystal display (lcm) liquid crystal display modules (lcm) for their downstream firms. Their dustless plants, production equipment, and companies’ existing business have a better commonality, and the accompanying infrastructure, such as roads, staff dormitories, canteens, utilities, etc., has matured and improved.
In January 2017, the company successfully bided $165 million for two plots of land under the name of the interface totalling 80,191 square metres of rights of use, real estate in the plant and plant, public rental housing, etc.
The company’s recent acquisition of assets is mainly for expansion, and its land and plant will be used to expand the production of metal frames and glass production capacity, as well as PV land and plant facilities to produce double-faced glass.
Industry market analysis: Changes in physical protection materials continue to be driven The window shield (coverlens) is a transparent lens to protect the touch module, the display screen and the display screen for non-touch screens outside the display screen.
The use of non-touch screen displays, which are easily affected by wear and tear, sharp objects scratching their effects and longevity, and light, black and water glitters, etc., which are easily squeezed, requires the addition of a shield to the screens of mobile phones, tablet computers, notebooks, flat screens, etc., to protect the touch screens and screens, etc. from damage.
The material that meets the requirements of the window shield for hardness, permeability, stability, and value for money is mainly acrylic and glass. Acrylic is also called pmma or organic glass, chemically known as polymethylacrylate methane, which is an important early development of thermoplastic plastic, with better transparency, chemical stability, and tolerance and dyeability.
The glass is a transparent semi-solid material, forming a continuous network structure at melting, with a cooling process with a gradual increase in viscosity and hardening of non-metal silicate-type materials, with good transparency and a special quality, which can be enhanced by ion exchange.
The glass window shield has an excellent mechanical strength compared to the Yakli window shield, which ensures the safety of the LCD screen, meets the requirements of the projection capacitor screen for the strength of the shield, and provides a high permeability of the glass, increases the visibility and clarity of the image, has a high surface hardness, avoids screen scratches, anti-acid alkalis, and is easily removed from the dirt and can be wiped with organic solvents.
See, high-temperature resistance, immature aging, and the unique quality of glass products can enhance the overall quality and value-added of electronics. The window-protected glass developed in Shenzhen Lanth in 2004 was first applied to Motorolav3 mobile phones and was successful, followed by the introduction of the first generation of iphones from Pelican, which was already one of the main suppliers of the glass shield, followed by ipad.
In terms of product expansion, through window protection, glass improvements, the company has successfully developed protective glass that can be used for consumer electronics casings or back caps, back caps and casings for consumer electronics, which can protect internal components, enhance product beauty and value addition.
(i) Double-faced glass: stock competition with a good choice of capricious values and functionality. The main material in mobile phone casings is currently polycarbonate (plastic), glass, metal, ceramics and sapphire. Plastic casings are the most commonly used options in power and power times and are currently used only in low-end machines, and there is a tendency to be phased out. Metal casings from beauty and beauty.
The advantages of heat radiation, wear tolerance, etc. have become the mainstream choice, but with the expected 5g communications and new functions, including wireless charging, metal shell shielding of signals has become a major bottleneck, and new material selection has become the direction of the industry. Enterprises, including Mi and Hua, have introduced a version of an attempted ceramic back-cap, but are limited to prices and good rates rather than yields.
The card uses the sapphire shield, and the back cover has not yet been broken, for example, because of cost. Glass material is already available in iphone4, proving that the technology works. Metal casings have an electromagnetic shield, which will become a major bottleneck as new modes of transmission such as 5g approach.
1. Disparity competition concerns appearances, with double-sided glass expected to replicate metal shell penetration rates, which, according to the smartphone report 2016 released by Gartner, represent an annual increase of 5 per cent in the volume of smartphones worldwide, significantly lower than the 14 per cent increase in 2015 and a year-on-year downward trend, with the global smartphone market growing at a rapid rate.
The slowdown has become a common understanding that smartphone markets have saturated, and that future market competition will be a stock-replacement market in view of the fact that penetration rates are largely complete. With smartphones entering the stock-replacement market pattern, the system of key parts of the supply chain has matured.
Core components, including processors, memory, screens, cameras, etc., have become homogenous for the choice of the terminal manufacturer in the relevant field, and innovative applications of the skin have become a direct and viable option where the terminal manufacturer wishes to gain advantage through differentiated competition.
Apples, as smartphone wind leaders, have followed other smartphone manufacturers with every substantial innovation. For example, the iphone 5, released in September 2012, introduced the first metal-only shell design, and the metal shell has since continued into the recently released iphone7 product.
Since the release of iphone5, the metal shell has been given a high-end quality, and then it can be seen that domestic manufacturers, including Hua, Consensus, Mi, etc., have introduced the metal looker. As the cost of the process maturity of the metal shell matures, the metal shell continues to flow from the high-end machine-type product.
In China, for example, metal casings have almost 80% penetration on the product line, covering almost all terminals above 1,000 meta level. The metal shell has also seen a rapid increase in penetration since 2013 as reported by China, with global coverage projected from 2016 to 2018.
The annual composite growth rate of mobile metal casings is expected to reach 28%, becoming the dominant model for the end-shell market. However, with metal casings becoming the product model for industry-wide, it is expected that the innovation of the skin will be extended to other materials, including glass, sapphire, ceramics, etc., and that manufacturers have tried to do so.
Rice has used ceramics as a back-up product in both its 5-millimeter and its p7 collection, while sapphire applications have only been tried in screen protection of some high-end mobile phones, limited by the quality of materials and the reasons for the process, good quality rates and price disadvantages, making the use of relevant materials in the back cover unbroadcasted.
We expect that the use of the glass recap will be the most likely alternative to traditional metal casings in the near future, mainly because: 1) performance: In terms of material performance, Conning's official presentation, the fifth generation of gorilla glass can help smart hands intact in a 1.6 metre drop test, and it's 80% good enough to basically eliminate the vulnerability to broken glass.
2) Prices: According to market exchange, the cost of glass cover products is roughly the same as the cost of window-protected glass, is closer to the cost of mainstream metal casings and does not create new cost pressures for terminal manufacturers. 3) Market certification: glass cover has been applied in Appleiphone4 and is now available in mainstream manufacturers
Some of the products are in use, so market acceptance does not become a concern for the terminal. 2 , wireless charging and 5g — wireless communications claims — trigger a change in appearances of material.
Shells are also an inescapable barrier to signal shielding, especially as new modes of transmission, such as wireless chargers, 5g, are applied, it is expected that the wireless frequency band is becoming more complex and the metal shell shield will become a major bottleneck, and the material changes can fundamentally break through the signal.
The combination of a4wp and PowerMettersalliance (pma) combines strong support lines behind both alliances, with Wpc members including Hightower (also an Airfuel member) Nokia, htc, st, and UNDG, while Airfuel also owns giants such as Intel, Samsung, Botton, at&t, which are supposed to be equal rivals.
And the technical difference is that wireless charge can be divided into magnetic sensors (mi) and magnetic resonance (mr). The difference is mainly in the frequency of work, where magnetic resonance is 6.78 mhz, more permeable and more distant; magnetic sense should be between 100 and 205khz, with an efficiency feeling of 70 to 75% and a magnetic resonance of less than 50%. Clearly, magnetic resonance is one.
In February 2017, Apple formally joined the Wireless Charging Union wpc. wpc is the qi Charging Standard Organization.
Before entering wpc, Apple has released an applewatch to support wireless charge. Figure 26: Three Star cell phone wireless charge base. Figure 27: wireless charge base.
In addition to the expectation that wireless charging will increase the complexity of the antennas for smart end-products, the advent of the 5g era will also increase the complexity of the antennas. It is now widely accepted in the industry that 5g communications are expected to enter formal commerce in 2020, and that the 5g era will usher in a low-time, high-speed use experience that will facilitate the application of critical machines (e.g. drones) to large-scale network devices.
The mass antenna technology of 5g key technologies, massivemimo, will increase the efficiency of communications by placing hundreds of antennas on base stations (64/128/256) and launching data simultaneously, increasing network capacity by several dozen times. The number of antennas at the 5g-era base stations will reach 126, and the number of antennas at the corresponding terminals will reach 16. Adding to smart phones will also have wireless chargers, ar/vr, etc.
The number of antennas has increased exponentially over the 4g era, and the 5g antenna design will be more complex, especially in the millimetre wave bands, and will be a major challenge for today's emphasis on light smart phones. In order to ensure the quality of communications, the body size of the machine will need to be circumvented or, therefore, the mobile phone of the metal shell (whether border, frame or back cover) will be used in the way the problem is solved.
His non-conductor medium (e.g., rubber) segregates the metal parts so that the signal can pass well. This is a very high demand for metalworking crafts, and with the development of communications technology, the next 5g network will be a network of wireless technologies that integrate and coexist, and the signal shielding of the body of the metal will become a difficult question to guarantee the quality of communications, and the selection of new materials will be a root-line issue.
From the above analysis, we can see that new functional changes, such as wireless charging and 5g, have driven the innovation of the antenna and the shell, and that the signal shielding deficiencies in the metal casings will trigger industry markets to seek new alternative materials.
Glass, ceramics, and sapphire can all be the right choice. In combination with the previous analysis of strategy analysis in stock competition, glass material has the advantage of value for money as a backshell material option, and we believe that a two-faced glass design is expected to become the mainstream of the industry.
As a backshell material, a three-stage design is designed to avoid wireless charging. From the products of other manufacturers, domestic brand manufacturers have started extensive attempts to use double glass.
There are ample attempts to increase the demand in the industry market significantly as the expected increase in the use of glass cover for new apple products continues, thus driving the expansion of the relevant industrial chains. (ii) The curve shows a rise in the wind, and the 3d glass penetration rate continues to expand.
Since 2008 when the use of curly glass in electronic consumer products was first introduced, 2d, 2.5d curled glass has been widely applied to the design and manufacture of smart end products. In recent years, the idea of 3d curled glass has been presented, and the market has started the development and production of 3d curled glass, United States of America corning, Germany scott, Japan Neg, Japan agc, etc.
Commercially developed glass materials suitable for 3d glass modeling. 3d curled glass has the advantage of lightness, transparency, cleanness, anti-printing, anti-blind light, good weather tolerance, which not only enhances the appearance of the end product, but also brings excellent touch control.
Changes and advances in process technology have led to the gradual introduction of 3d curls to process manufacture of smart end products, such as the latest products of Samsung Galaxys6edge and Minote, all of which use 3d glass. 1 and 3d glass significantly increase process complexity
The glass panels currently used in digital products are divided mainly into: 2d, 2.5d and 3d glass. 2d glass is a plain plain plane, with no arc design, 2d glass is basically flat, and all points on the glass are on the same plane. 2.5d glass is a square in the middle, but the edge is an arc design compared to a 2d glass, which is a side-to-side glass based on a flat glass.
And 3d glass, in the middle and on the edge, is designed in arc, and from the complexity of the process 3d glass is light, transparent, clean, anti-printed, anti-breathing, hard, scratch-resistant, weather-resistant, etc.
Touch-and-control hands, with a radian (literally), and a reverse radian (outwards) in the back of the 3d shell, which is designed to fit human engineering and have a good experience. The price process of the 3d glass consists of the following main steps:
(b) Abracadabra: A glass plate is placed on a three-axis opening machine table, a thick sand blade is opened, a camera hole is opened, the face is cut rougher, and a surplus of 0.1 mm is left unilaterally;
Ultrasound cleaning: washes off the leftovers of the surface. Glass hot bends: flatboard glass is softened in a mold, then repulsed by fire. Depending on the size of the furnace and the size of the radians that you burn the glass, most importantly, the temperature is even in the oven during the burning process.
Two-sided polish: glass bends by heat and the surface of the product must be polished. With wool wheels, pressure on the product, time control, and aid in grinding powder or foam, the surface of the glass product is polished in order to reach an impeccable penetration.
Chemical hardening: A combination of potassium nitrate solutions with a combination of catalysts to heat up to about 450°C with a process time of 4-5 hours in the reinforced furnace. Potassium ion and sodium ion on the glass surface are exchanged to form a reinforced layer. Hardness can reach 7h, increase the ability of the glass to cut wounds, withstand shocks, etc.
Flyprints, sprays: a web version of the product ' s logo character, interrogates the ink, accompanied by a locator device, with the characters printed on the indent of the product; drying, tops, modifier, titanium crystal/ceramic white, respirator. Drying. 8.afcoating: preventing fingerprints and oil stains from being sticky and easy to erase.
Increases the wearability of glass surfaces. 2 Flexible screens bring up-scaling-drive 3d glass permeability expectations. 3d glass is expected to be introduced in mobile smart terminals mainly because of the application expectations of the oled soft screen.
It appears that, as the industry’s leading firm, Samsung Note 7, the output of the oled screens has been relaxed owing to the impact of the bombing, while domestic firms, including Deep Skyma, Kyoto East, Sinri International, and Shinyo Power, have continued to invest in related areas, while the oled displays continue to increase the value of the screens and are expected to increase in the number of downstream terminals using the oled screens.
With 3d glass combined with oled, the launch of the Samsung galaxys6edge received good market feedback, which was followed by the launch in February 2016 of a new galaxys7edge, called the "first-face screenr", which was one of the iconic designs of the Samsung mobile phone.
This month’s release of Glory Magic has introduced a four-sided 3d glass sheet, and others, including vivos, gold, etc., have launched their own 3d glass model. As domestic terminal producers continue to increase their market share, expectations of product innovation will continue to grow.
The view was expressed that the product types of domestic firms using 3d glass-coated screens would also permeate major brands and gradually become opportunities for 3-Rance: for industry-led leading firms sailing as global champions of glass windows for consumer electronic mobile terminal products, companies have a strong technical capacity.
With sufficient strength, management capacity has accumulated a wealth of experience, and as the penetration rate of double glass and 3d continues to rise, the growth of industry as a whole will become a central driver of growth in the performance of companies associated with the industrial chain. For external shell structures, the use of glass as a back-heavy material is also largely linked to the front-and-forward side of the frame structure of the metal.
Pre-window glass protection is currently dominated by 2.5d glass, with a smaller share of 3d glass at the upper end and 2.5d glass at the lower end. In the future, the growth of the 3d glass shield will drive the growth of the 3d glass screen, and the next apple generation of iphone is expected to use 3d glass. In terms of product prices, we will be using 2d, 2.5d, 3d at $1.5, respectively.
4.5 dollars, $13.5 dollars, and a decrease of 5 per cent per year. So we measure the size of the glass market for the front caps as follows. We expect that by 2019, Apple phones are expected to be fully covered with glass and 3d glass for high end products, while Apple's smartphone glass cover will also have 35 per cent penetration, and the market as a whole is expected to reach $17.8 billion.
In addition, other products such as tablet computers, apparel devices, auto electronics, and laptop contact control are continuing to grow rapidly, and industry, as the lead consumer of electronic glass, is expected to continue to benefit from the rapid growth of industrial demand, building on the technical advantages and experience of smart terminal products in the field of window protection glass, which is now fully developed in 2.5d glass.
While the market share of the main producers in the industry is considerable, in the 3d-curve glass sector, the company has also started to supply customers such as Samsung, Huaiyo and Mi, and has raised $1.6 billion in private shares, with a total investment of $1.624 billion, for the expansion of 3d glass capacity in the second phase of the Pears Industrial Park.
With the completion of the project, the company ' s 3d surface glass processing capacity has reached 27 million pieces per year, and the company is also actively developing equipment for the production of related products to provide a solid basis for the future expansion of the company ' s capacity. (iii) The company ' s potential is to be expected in the face of new material such as sapphire ceramics.
The consumer electronics shielding panels and sheeting industry has also continued to evolve, with new materials, new processes, apart from glass and metals, showing trends. As one of the leading companies in the consumer protection panels and sheeting industry, companies are also seeking to develop and expand actively in the field of surface materials such as sapphire, ceramics, etc., and have gained market recognition and hope for the future.
To be a bright spot for the growth of corporate performance. 1, Sapphire is a wide-ranging application of the sapphire, as the hardest oxidizer crystal, with good optical performance and excellent peri-red.
Materials. Because of their excellent insulation, thermal conductivity, high temperature resistance, high intensity, etc., they are considered ideal materials for large-scale and super-large integrated circuits, the integrated circuits that are made out of which have sudden advantages in achieving high-speed, micropower, high integration, radiation resistance, etc. Sapphires are therefore found in super-large integrated circuits, microwave medium materials, infrared windows, wave-guided lasers, microwave integration, etc.
On the civil side, as technology and production efficiency improves, costs decline, such as watch never wear off surfaces, precision instrument bearings, etc. Sapphire is widely used. As an ideal material, sapphire applications extend beyond mechanical, chemical, optical, etc.
At present, the appliance of sapphire in consumer electronics is mainly in the following areas: a camera shield and a home key for part of a mobile phone product; and a window for part smart enough to wear equipment, such as that launched by Wellograph.
Sapphire health watch screens are sapphire with sapphire, while some major international brands have partially used sapphire windows with wearable devices; three are window panels for some high-end mobile phones, which are now being used on a few low-volume luxury mobile phones, such as Lamborghini Styder, the lgversaceunique phone with Van Sagelle, and the p7 hidden cell phones.
It is expected that some future brands will use sapphire as a sheet material in their newly launched smart phones. Because of the advantages of sapphire, such as high hardness, infrared light, the future use of sapphire in consumer electronics has a very large market space, and the need for applications in smart phones and smart appliance devices will affect the future prospects of the sapphire market.
Since 2011, the company has entered the area of sapphire and, after several years of absorption, research and development, innovation and accumulation, has acquired the manufacturing capacity of mature sapphire crystallization equipment, sapphire production, and whole-of-industry chain production for subsequent processing, after investing considerable financial, human and material resources.
The module, estimated at RMB 3.96 billion, was invested in the Sapphire Terminal and Smart Terminal application project, and according to the information disclosed in the bulletin, the project reached the post-natal stage, with the capacity to produce 30 million Sapphire camera protection mirrors, 24 million fingerprint recognition protection mirrors and 30 million smart wear equipment shields.
Currently, products such as sapphire cameras, key protection mirrors, etc. produced by the company have been successfully used in consumer electronic products, and the latest smart-to-use devices have been used extensively in the company ' s s sapphire screens and sensor components. As a result, companies are investing in the expansion of the sapphire through non-public fund-raising to better meet the needs of their customers ' markets in the future.
In addition to glass and sapphire, ceramic materials are one of the applications for fingerprinting the caps of the module.
For example, mainstream sheet envelopes are used in solutions using sheeting: microcrystals, sapphires, glass. Ceramic materials, when used as sheeting materials, are slightly less rigid than sapphire materials, and have advantages in other key indicators, with higher medium constants increasing sensitivity to fingerprint identification, efficiency of fingerprint collection and related resolution.
In addition to being used as a lid for fingerprint recognition modules, ceramic materials are also used on smart phones for back-cap materials, which are of high quality in surface handling and coloring, making it possible for end-users to use ceramic materials on their appearance to raise the value of their products. However, given the still high cost of ceramic materials, the market uses ceramic materials as a back-up end machine to conceptualize them.
In addition to smart phones, ceramic materials are physical and heavy-strength in the case of casings, giving them a huge market potential as smart equipment, and Apple’s applewatch has a back cover that is used for oxidizing ceramics.
Since ceramic materials can be used directly as part of solutions such as fingerprint identification, wireless charging, etc., we believe that their application in smart and wearable equipment is more promising. In June 2012, the company, together with the China-China Ceramics industry, established the Blueshua Federation to integrate and integrate special ceramic raw materials.
The industrial chain for the application and consumption of ceramic products, using downstream customer resources, occupies a market position in the area of consumer electronic applications of ceramic products. At present, ceramic devices such as consumer electronics casings, key presses, protective tablets, decorative parts, etc., have already achieved their production volumes in the company and, as the consumer end application market matures, they will open up new opportunities for growth in the company’s future development.
The business strategy of the company as a whole is to prioritize the satisfaction of key core clients and quality orders under the conditions of the company's productive capacity, and to reap the benefits from increased capacity utilization, expansion of capacity, and improvement in the rate of good goods.
In terms of profitability, Māori rates for intra-industry firms are usually measured at cost, while R&D inputs for other cost firms are growing steadily, and capital spending is changing periodically.
In terms of valuation analysis and investment recommendations, we believe that, given the continued profitability of companies and the comparability of industries, we have used the MPR method as the main method to arrive at our investment recommendations in comparison with the MPR and MPR valuation methods. (i) Profit forecasting and valuation analysis
Main assumptions in operating income: with regard to capacity utilization, 2.5d and 2d glass have a capacity utilization rate of around 95 per cent owing to the high degree of certainty of orders; 3d glass has a low capacity utilization rate due to the start of production in 2016, which will continue in 2017 and 2018
With regard to the production rate, which is higher as a mature product line, 2.5d and 2d glass, with stable client orders, we believe that it is close to 100%; and with regard to the 3d glass, due to the start of production in 2016, there will be a process of climbing.
In terms of unit prices, 2.5d and 2d glass are expected to drop in the number of units per year as mature products, with a slightly higher penetration rate of the back-stamp glass and a slightly higher price for the product than the front. The combined unit price reduction is therefore slower every year. 3d glass is still a small increase in the unit price as a new product.
Flatboard glass: The business capacity of corporate flatboards to protect glass is stable in size, capacity utilization and sales are at a steady level, and unit prices are expected to decrease slightly each year, as are cellular glass.
Other product shield: Sapphire, the company continues to move forward according to the plan for the project, and with the completion of the capacity building, the company has entered the full-scale production phase in 2017, and it will still take time to climb, so the success rate will increase over the next three years and the product unit price will increase over the years.
There is no clear expansion plan for other business capacity, including ceramics, to be measured in a smooth manner, and as the production line matures, we expect little room for improvement in productivity utilization and good rates, and the introduction of new products will lead to higher unit prices for products. In terms of profitability, the main pricing model in the industry market is determined by cost-added methods, so the Māori rate is not based on the same method.
As a result of product determination, and with the scaling effect of the increase in the volume of shipments and the increase in the rate of good goods, it is expected that the Māori rate will increase slightly. On the other hand, according to the increase in the number of R&D personnel and the small increase in the annual cost per R&D worker, the ratio of stock and bad debt will return to a stable state after the occasional increase in 2015, while capital spending will remain on a three-year cycle.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we have the following overall profit projections for Lansych: In terms of valuation analysis and investment proposals, we believe that companies, as manufacturers of glass and physical materials, continue to be profitable and comparable across industries, and therefore we use the valuation method of the market rate and the market rate of growth.
In the above table, we can see that we don’t deliver as much as we expect, based on the industry’s forecast average market surplus and the release of new end-user products over the next two years, based on 2016;
Price competition for major products leads to a decline in corporate profitability; construction of new product lines and new production capacity is progressing at a slower pace than expected, and the rate of improvement is not as high as expected.