Intelligent (00260.sz) electronic group ai+end-of-end smart manufacturing platform,
The multi-area layout of dynamic growth has a strong focus on precision manufacturing, building a one-stop “intellectual” platform. The company's main consumer electronics, precision manufacturing of the industrial chain, then cutting into the power cell precision parts and photovoltaic reverse transformer odm.
In the area of business, the industrial chain is built up and down. 34.572 billion yuan in 22/23q1, an increase of 14 per cent: 2.2 billion yuan in net return to the mother, an increase of 40 per cent.
Deeply tied apples, which contribute more than 60% of the revenue. Apples are stable, and, according to Canalys, 1023 apple mobile phones reach 58 million units, an increase of 3% from 18% in the same period last year, to 21%. Corporate whole-to-industry chain integration, optimizing product structure, and upgrading high-value-added operations.
The ratio is 20,49% Māori for 23q1, an increase of 3.88 pct. The future growth of large clients’ sales is robust + the Division’s share of supply increases + the supply product matrix abundance will drive firm growth in the company’s core business.
In exchange, an upgrade of the hardware chain is required as an important flow entrance. A smartphone is expected to open a product innovation cycle under Chatgpt; company layoutar/vr structures/optics/sound manufacturing, AppleVisionpro or opening a space computing platform; large models.
The company’s full-time subsidiaries collaborate with Hanson on the optimization of human robot design, mass production testing, etc. Arithmetic density increases energy consumption requires that the cloud server evaporates the heat, and the company’s products are flat- levelly designed and efficiently distributed.
A new energy track is set up to create a second-growth curve. The company acquired Selcon, India, and moved into the photovolt area to provide an odm for the global micro-reverse dragon, the global city of Enphase.
The rate is close to 80%, the company's surrogate share is over 30%, and it is expected that enphase will expand its production in 23 years to purchase the formal structure of the Zhejiang Jintai power cell, providing products such as core aluminium shells, lids, and transfer tablets. According to Frost Sullivan, 2022 is the most sophisticated structure of the global power cell.
The market size is $20.7 billion and is expected to grow to $61.8 billion in 26 years, compared to 31.4 per cent in Cagr, and the company ' s automobile business has also grown rapidly, with an equivalent increase of 166 per cent over 22 years in revenue from automobile products.
Weak consumer electronic demand, underdevelopment of new products, risk of exchange rate fluctuations, reputational risk, equity freeze risk, litigation risk.
1.1 An integrated layout of intelligent manufacturing that expands new high-value-added businesses, leading global manufacturers of sophisticated functional devices. The company’s main business provides users with basic materials (magnetic, nanocrystal, carbon fibre, etc.), precision and zero components, functions, modules, etc., and is widely applied to consumer electronics, cars, etc.
Since its inception, companies have continued to focus on precision manufacturing areas and have expanded downstream operations to create integrated layouts and create intelligent one-stop services.
Clients cover 10 of the world’s top 10 smartphone brands; in the new energy sector, as of 2021, the core customers of the company’s power cell had a global market share of more than 35%, and China’s market share of more than 55%. Focusing on new high-profile business, they actively promoted the ai+ smart manufacturing layout.
The design, development, production and marketing of products of sophisticated functional devices such as product mutilation, cnc, pressurization, etc. maintains close cooperation with brand manufacturers such as Apple, Hwa, oppo, and vivo. Apple products cover iphone, ipad, imac, macbook, and parts and components of their parts, with a growing variety and share of products, while the company became a major intelligence in China and China in 2018.
In 2019, the company moved into a photovoltaic energy storage business, with the main products being micro-photo-reverse transformers, power grids, switches, communications packages, etc. In 2021, Zhejiang Jintai Electronics Ltd. was acquired and officially cut into the new energy car track, the main product being lids, transfusions, aluminium casings, etc.
Demand upgrades, company products cover cloud-end server radiating programmes, server power, communications radio frequency microwave devices. A memorandum of understanding was signed with Hanson in 2023 to collaborate on the optimization of the design of human robots, volume production tests, etc., to actively promote the ai+ smart manufacturing layout.
By 2014, the main effort was to develop, produce, and sell magnetic materials, focusing on the production of electronic elements such as iron-oxymagnetic, iron-oxymagnetic, rare-terrestrial, and so on, one of the large manufacturers of domestic iron-oxymagnetic components. The company was able to move smoothly into consumption through gyromagnes.
The electronic parts industry, which is based on the magnetic material business, and the industry that has developed around the consumer electronics component industry, acquires a flagship charger. In 2019, the company acquired 100 per cent of the shares of the world’s largest charger, Selcon, not only in electrical chargers, power appliancers and wireless chargers, providing customers with oems and odms in the area of disaggregation.
Product services provide a vertical integration of the whole industry chain, while laying the foundation for companies to cut into a photovoltaic micro-reverser. The world’s largest consumer, electronic precision software provider. The company integrates the industry up and down, and crosses the industries of new energy vehicles, 5g communications, iot, tweep equipment, etc. downstream around existing customers, based on precision and structure.
In terms of consumer electronics, companies provide their customers with high-quality precision power and energy products, which are divided into mutilating products, cnc products, presses, hardening units, etc., and are widely applied to the consumer electronics industry, such as smart phones, tablet computers, wearing equipment, laptops, etc.
The main raw materials of the company’s products are the consumption of electrical and sub-products using a variety of functional materials. The upstream sector is largely competitive, presenting a wide variety of marketable features; another is the manufacturing of specialized equipment, where high-end equipment remains import-dependent, and where domestic policies are relevant.
Support will facilitate rapid industrial growth. The company’s industry is downstream in the consumer electronics industry, with a wide variety of products and rapid upgrading, with a wide variety of sophisticated functional requirements, a customized production business model for client-oriented industries, and a total of 3.1 million m2 of corporate production and service positions and R & D centres.
New energy creates a second growth curve, and light voltage explores upwards. Companies build on vertical integration of sophisticated structural and functional services, while horizontally developing new energy and light-voltage areas, and tap into new business growth points in the future. Companies have been active in the deployment of new energy vehicle structures from 2020, with products containing functional materials, precision pieces and modules, for example.
With regard to clean energy, companies are increasing their investment in the photovoltaic sector, supplying it to the global market for micro-reversers through overseas production bases, with an increase in the capacity of odm.
Globalized industries are configured to respond quickly to customers’ needs. The company has a global supply chain layout, with 58 global production and service locations. Domestic production bases include Shenzhen Selcon Production Base, which produces chargers and coils: East Shore Production Base, Production Motor, Rush, cnc, Structures and Soft Packs: Jiangmen Production Base, Production of Magnetic Materials and Lines
The industrial plants in India and Brazil are mainly responsible for the production of chargers, coils and battery modules: the production base in Viet Nam is responsible for mutilating, pressurizing and structural components: the French production base is responsible for magnetic materials: the Turkish production base is responsible for the fatp operation.
1.2. Accurate manufacturing supports two-fold increases in profits, a significant increase in automobile operations Application pull-in increases in equipment, tws wireless headphones, and ar/vr/mr fields. From the profit end, starting in 2019, the company optimized its magnets operations, shut down losses, and significantly improved its net profit returns; gains in 2022
Corporate revenue growth has been positive as a result of steady growth in corporate consumer electronics, rapid growth in automobiles and photovoltaics, and increased profitability of overseas production bases.
Figure 7: The company's history is based on net profit and growth rates of mothers, sophisticated spare parts, and fast start in automobiles and new energy businesses. After the company's reorganization in 2018, precision power and structure collection rose significantly, rising to 8.77% in 2022. In 2020, the company completed the transfer of the Imperial Crystal Light Power.
100% shareholding, stripping away from the company’s main business, and displaying less synergy. Starting late 2020, the new energy vehicle structure business generated $1,182 million in automobile products in 2022, an increase of 166.22% compared to the same year.
Product structure optimized and profitability repaired. In 2018, affected by shell company linkages, net interest rate levels were lower, and corporate Māori rates and net interest rates began to rise as the bad business was further severed. 2022 was on track, with Māori rates increasing by 6.13 ptt; precision and module yields were the largest, with higher Māori rates increasing the company ' s overall gross.
The cost of R & D has increased year by year, the scale effects have increased, and sales and management costs have fluctuated slightly. In terms of the cost of sales, there has been a slight increase in the cost of sales in 2019, mainly as a result of the acquisition of Selcon in 2019 and the implementation of equity incentives.
Automation of processes and production, including research and development platforms at the three levels of the Institute of Technology, the bg R & D Centre and the Bu Development Centre, each responsible for the future development of the industry and the deployment of future products and technology research, with companies consistently maintaining a certain level of R & D costs and continuously increasing technology and process requirements.
Figure 10: Māori ratio of the company ' s main business
2.1. Consumer e-business consolidates its strengths, large customers sustain their performance growth Consumption e-commerce improves steadily and technology rises with a technology shift. According to the Frost Sullivan report, worldwide consumer e-products are expected to reach about 3.09 billion volumes by 2026. In the future, as sensors and ai are technologically innovative, they will be ready to wear.
The equipment functionality will be diversified, while folding screens and wireless charge technologies will further boost consumer electronics growth. While companies are consolidating consumer electronics, such as mobile phones, active layout of laptops and high scenes, such as ar/vr. Terminal applications are rich, and products of sophisticated components are diverse.
Parts like heads, screens, back caps, and acoustics. For mutilation, various types of buffer seals, pressurized glues, thermal molten glues, protective membranes, optical films, acoustic wires, anti-cement permeating films, iron oxygen bodies, graphite and nanocrystals are produced, coil assembly and printing services are available, using such techniques as tablets, round knives, lasers, etc.
With respect to cnc, the main products are small pieces of precision metal, and the product materials are stainless steel, titanium alloys: the technology involves mainly cnc and car-mock composite processing techniques: the surface process covered.
According to idc data, global smartphone shipments were estimated at 1.21 billion in 2022, an 11 per cent decline in the same year, with Andre End, with mobile phone shipments estimated at 977 million, a 13 per cent decrease in the same year; global smartphones are projected to increase by the same amount in 2023.
During the down-cycle, large-client products are fast-changing, competitive, and sales of sub-products are subject to lower-end consumer electronics. In the context of consumer electronics entering maturity, apples are sold with the advantage of the fast-paced pace of their products.
In 2022, iPhone sales amounted to $205.5 billion, or +7 per cent; Mac sales amounted to $40.2 billion, or +14.2 per cent; ipad sales amounted to $29.3 billion, or -8.1 per cent; and other products sold amounted to $41.2 billion, or +7.5 per cent.
There is a significant decline, with smartphones and platform computers growing at a negative rate. Apples, such as sophisticated communications, Gore shares, and gynaecology, have continued to grow at a positive rate of more than 30% in both collections.
Figure 16: The overall decline of 1q2023 smartphones compared to the industry ' s Māori ratio and the negative growth in apple sales. According to Canalys, 1q2023 of global smart hands dropped 13% by the same year; 58 million of them, an increase of 3% over the previous year ' s market share.
The drop was smaller: the volume of shipments was 133 million, a decrease of 3 per cent from the same year, and 20 per cent of the market share became the largest major customer in China ' s market, with constant innovation in product design, functional characteristics, high capital spending, requiring a sustained increase in the number and power of spare parts. According to capitaliq, in 2022, the capital expenditure of North Americana clients amounted to $10.7 billion, compared with--
As the iphone upgrades, the bom costs are rising, and the company's client a single-shipasp is rising, already exceeding $16. The company's “one-stop” smart manufacturing services are now running out of value.
Already on a scale, it is expected to continue digging deep into a client's product lines, such as macbooks, airpods, ipad, and mr. The next generation of iphones is expected to make breakthroughs in screens, cameras, and interfaces, and the overall sales are expected to warm back in 23 years.
Cost increases are on the rise, with the share of bom rising from 20% to more than 40% of the price of the early machine. The main reason for the increase in the cost of the iPhone material is the increased use of mosaics and pressurizations using soft-led screens and glass covers; the increased demand for the cnc process as the number of cameras increases; and the use of wireless charging technology to upgrade the motor module.
Large clients contribute more to their income, sales return + share increase + value + performance increase for power companies. Companies maintain long-term cooperation with consumer electronic head customers, with apple end revenues exceeding 60%. Consumers are the core business of companies.
In terms of prices, based on data from industrial chain research, the module is probably at $20-30, and the cell phone number is at $20, and the increase in value will drive the company's performance even further.
The tablet is near saturated, and the traditional computer has increased slightly. According to idc, the volume of personal computers will drop by 11.2% in 2023, and it is expected to return to heat in 2024. The number of PCs will increase by 3.6% from 2023, reaching 417.7 million, exceeding pre-epidemiological levels. In the long run, the tablet will be saturated.
On the demand side, there was a huge demand for home-based work during the epidemic, and replacements are still taking some time. The flat-bed global output has fallen, and Apple City continues to lead.
38.0%, an increase of 3.7%, 2.2, ai re-structured smart terminals, accelerated upgrading of server industrial chains, multi-module big model, lightweight small model entry.
A small computing model for performing specific tasks, which is limited to the i-infrastructure, is now capable of achieving simple remote control devices, single interconnectivity between devices, and the ability to learn for themselves, user behavioral data collection analysis, and to provide a fully personalised user service. The search and question-and-answer function of the openai chatgpt product is evident.
Increased interactive experiences, based on training in large-scale open data sets, have led to a significant increase in the logic of chhatgpt. In addition, in large models, hundreds of words, 360 models, China is an ancient model, Ali models, etc., and the intellectualization of gpt-1 to gpt-3.5, gpt models is constantly increasing. In small models, Google publishes a universal palm.
The lightest version of gecko can run on the mobile device end, and models of “minimization” and “offlined” appear. Multimodule models combined with different model data, ai application space is expected to expand further.
The endpoints of the intuitive interface of equipment, human interactive functions will all benefit from an ani-led product iterative upgrade, including smart phones, smart wears, smart sound boxes, smart homes, smart cars, and so on. As hardware, software systems, content quality are perfected for service systems, applications of generic and vertical application scenarios under a large model of multi-modules are starting and are expected to take place.
The rapid growth in demand for mobile smart terminals. According to the Irel advisory data, based on integration techniques such as networking, 5g, multimodular ai, the size of the market for consumer-grade hardware products/dialogue ai products is expected to be 17.707 billion yuan in 2027.
2.2.1. Traditional terminals: smart interactive vital flow entrances. Hardware links require upgrading. Terminal hardware becomes a one entry point, and conventional smart terminals like mobile phones are expected to become important landings for the ie ecological computing chain. According to Irey's consulting data, driven by integration technology such as networking, 5g, multi-moderated ai, is expected to be in mid-2027.
The size of the consumer-level hardware product/dialogue-based ai product in the field of human interaction will be $17,707 billion, respectively. According to Vereifedmarketresearch, the global smartphone market was $8 billion in 2022. The global smartphone market is expected to be $32.1 billion in 2030 and 16.65 per cent in the year 23-30.
In the case of mobile phones, for example, the large model gives cell phones access to open ecology and platform support that can meet the designated scenes, specified needs, and specified services.
Key traffic entrances to connect, with high performance indicators for smartphone hardware, such as arithmetic, radiating heat, batteries, etc., are expected to usher in a new product innovation cycle. For example, smartphones, from Applesiri, Microsoft Ice, to smartphones, smartphones, and even smart voice interactive devices.
But traditional smartphones are still at the stage of completing a single round of dialogue and individual instructions, with several answers based on the keywords obtained by the microphone. And the iinteractive smartphones, as an interactive portal for intelligent homes, bring together a variety of attributes, such as instrumentality, entertainment, and accompaniment, which are all big models of each other.
2.2.2, xr:ai or peddling industry singularity, AppleVisionpro opens up a space computing platform, first of all, the history of recycling shows that the large innovation of the consumer electronics cycle in history determines beta, and the small innovation of technology brings with it alpha.
xr smart hardware or start a new cycle of products in consumer electronics. Both smartphones and tws have developed in line with the "s-curve" in historical product development. According to product life cycle theory, new products will evolve through four cycles: import, long-term, maturity, and recession. Consumer electronics are typical product-driven products.
For example, smartphones, the Apple Index and global smartphone penetration and delivery are highly aligned and relevant to product life week curves, and stock price fluctuations are closely linked to the speed of penetration.
New and old companies are changing, and companies that seize the opportunities of product rotation are moving fast. Figure 28: Consumer Electronic History Index (ECI) Figure 29: Mobile phone penetration and Apple Index (API) are aligned.
The leading companies perform better, benefiting more from the windows that replace the product cycle. For example, smartphones, apple chains, corporate stock prices outperform the smart interconnection index, long-term returns are higher and corporate stock prices are significantly less volatile than the index, returns are more stable, with apples leading the global smartphone, and apples were delivered in 2022 in the smartphone industry.
The ratio is 18%, the share of revenue is 48%, the share of profits is 85%, and as a result, fruit chain companies have taken a larger share of the market and xr products have continued to infiltrate into the electronic consumption system. The xr industry has emerged and is expected to start today, with improvements in design and software and hardware upgrading, and the company has a vast upturn in its operations in xr.
Small piece companies have a number of years of technological excellence, taking over high-end ar/vr products for plastics, optical cores, and acoustics in the country, while providing a full-time replacement service for the domestic leader's brand. According to Wellsenxxr, the global volume of vr shipments in 2022 was 9.86 million, and is expected to grow to 35 million in 2025, with carg at 52.54%.
In 2022, there were 420,000 global shipments, which are expected to grow to 3 million in 2025, with 92.58% in cagr, which has not grown significantly in the last three years. Domestic sales of ar/vr products have increased significantly, and consumer acceptance is rising.
The country’s vr quarterly delivery grew significantly in 2022, reaching 350,000 shipments in 4q2022, with a 169.23% ring increase. China’s quarterly delivery has continued to rise since 2020, with a growth rate of around 30% in recent quarters, and 4q2022ar, with a volume of 49,000, with a Ring growth of 113.04%.
Chart 34: Chinese vr Quarterly Delivery & Growth Chart 35: Chinese Quarterly Quarterly Delivery & Quick Metaar/vr Head shows the lead. Meta Quantity in 2022 was close to 80%, with byte pico bits below the flag.
Second, the share is 10%. The last three are dpvr, htc, and ekichic. The netal total is the sixth largest in the world, but its head shows a volume of 98,000, with a strong increase in the product of nrealar, from 12,000 in 2021, an inch of air drops, which are portable, light and fashionable, and can be connected to mobile phones, tablets, etc.
According to idc, the volume of deliveries in 2020, 2021, and 2022 reached 347, 880, 7.02 million, with 63%, 81%, 82%, and quest2 on the vr helmet. Quest3 is expected to be released in the fall of 2023, and the cheap version Vr is expected to be released in 2024.
On June 6, Apple released its mr product, Visionpro. The sale price was $3499 and was expected to be marketed early in 2024. The sale price was higher than previously anticipated, and the listing time was later than previously anticipated. 1 Hardware: the product's unique double core design, m2+r1 chip, m2 provides extraordinary computing performance, r1 chip, processing 12 cameras, 5 sensors, 6 Mikes.
The wind captures the data, reduces the delay between the sensor and the screen, and new images reach the screen, fast and blink eight times the speed of the eye within 12 milliseconds. The module is shown to use microoled, providing more pixels per eye than 4k television; the optical module to use two 3ppancake.
The exclusive viewos, the viewos, are based on macos, ios and ipados, and the user can perform the naked hand operation. The viewpro can directly fit hundreds of thousands of iphones and ipad apps.
The first 3d camera, which captures images through 3d lenses, reheated 3d-based images; and 3d displays and teaching in industrial education. Apple Accelerating Visionos platform applications & eco-building, or opening up a new era of space computing.
In July, developer laboratories were opened in Kubitino, London, Munich, Shanghai, Singapore, and Tokyo, offering developers practical experience, testing apps on the hardware of the Visionpro, and obtaining support from the apple engineer. The Developer Team could also apply for the Developer Package, which helps them to quickly build, overlap, test, and suck directly on the Visionpro.
Involving more developers in the development and upgrading of visionos. Chart 38: nrealairar glasses Chart 39: Applevisionpro product parameters
In the area of ar/vr, based on traditional consumption, electronics, technology accumulates competitive advantages over many years in small pieces such as molting, cnc, emulation, pressurization, etc., and clients take over a large client cooperation base to expand their clients with a good reputation.
The company has been responsible for the manufacture of plastic structures, optical cores and acoustics, etc., and has been the sole owner of the country's nar-leading nreal products, the assembly of glasses and the manufacture of plastic fabrics and acoustics; and the extended client collaboration xr products, which mainly provide sophisticated components in head displays, the bom ratio, which provides the customer with modules from product development and manufacturing solutions.
Program: Supply of the medium-meta high-end flag ship ' s metaquestpro structure, including a certain amount of small business and large representative items, in terms of volume, with an optical component coverwindow ' s apex of approximately $15-20.
With the advent of the era of the ai-a-support robot plus, the robotic industrial chain is expected to prosper. With the development of artificial intelligence technology, especially chhatgpt as the best model in the aigc field, it is expected to accelerate the penetration of artificial intelligence across industries, destabilizing existing forms of productivity. Robots will be an important variable in the full-scale outbreak of artificial intelligence technology, the level of intellectualization.
It's getting taller, and it's moving into a subversive phase, becoming a core vehicle that collects big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and has a wider industrial application. At the same time, technologists like Tesla, Mi, etc., have successively launched the human-forming solution, which injects a powerful agent into the human-shaped robotic field.
In policy terms, 17 departments, including the pre-spring Ministry of Industry and Communications, have published the “Bob+” Application Implementation Program: the main areas of application are the 10 priority areas for the development of robots, which will be manufacturing robots by 2025.
The density has doubled from 2020 to 2020, and the use of service robots and special robots has significantly widened. According to ifr statistics, the global market for industrial robots, service robots, special robots is projected to be about $19.5 billion, $21.7 billion, $10.1 billion, and the total size of robots is about $51.3 billion, the same as in 2022.
Figure 41: Distribution of global robot market value projected for 2022
Robots are core carriers of artificial intelligence, with a wider range of industrial applications, and artificial intelligence allows robots to become intelligent and multi-scenes. Traditional robots are unable to upgrade software algorithms online, intelligent robots are able to continuously enhance their performance through the iterative application of software algorithms, and robotic capabilities are theoretically unlimited, and with robotic application rules, robotic capabilities are not limited.
As robotic algorithms grow, the more intelligent robots become, the more the robots become, the more the applicable scenes and values of robots will increase exponentially. At the same time, robots, driven by new multi-technology convergences such as information technology, materials technology, and sensor technology, will be important variables in the full-scale eruption of artificial intelligence technology, moving gradually into a subversive phase.
As a product that collects big data, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence, the era of “robots +” will accelerate in the future in more applications. The company’s fully-owned subsidiary, Shenzhen City’s Shenzhen Head of Smart Technology, Ltd., signed an apology with Hansonroboticslimited.
The Hanson and the leader of Ping want to work together to explore opportunities and solutions to improve the performance, reliability and cost-effectiveness of advanced human robots and to optimize their mass design. The Hanson team was created by Dr. davidhanson and launched a famous robotic role.
Sophiatherobot. Capricorn has a series of autonomous intellectual property robotics, sophisticated digital control devices and advanced core technology in the field of manufacturing.
Control of integrated thinking controllers with various configurations and provision of necessary interfaces for inter-equipment communication to best address deficiencies in performance and ease of use of similar products in the country. In application, provide robotic control modules of the type scara, delta, combs, six axes, etc.; support custom robot control and provide tcp/ip communication interfaces based on the Ethernet;
Graphical command blocks, programmed by puzzles, achieves a variety of logical and motion controls, programmed apps are installed on a mobile phone or tablet computer, wirelessly connected to the controller through wifi, easy to enter, easy to operate without professional background; and has achieved a certain degree of optimization in drive control, video system loading, high-speed image collection, high-precision measurements, etc.
Figure 43: Hanson robots sophia 2.2.4 Servers: Arithmetic density increase energy consumption indicator requirements, evaporation upgrade of cloud servers
Quote the accelerated and iterative upgrading of the i-industry chain, leading to server growth versus the i-server ratio, Cpu, gpu, pcb, ddr5/hbm storage, server radiating, power, light chip/light modules, etc., specifically to the cloud server evaporation end:
At the tip of the chip, Moor's law develops the number of transistors, increases the number of product power lines, and increases the requirements for evaporation. With 1c production, chip efficiency, miniaturization, the number of chip watts is significantly increased, the surface density is heated, and the requirements for conductivity, heat, and heat evaporation are raised. For example, intel10nm is produced by mainstream manufacturers.
Question, if you want to use the ald7nm, you have to use the radiator with the radiator. In the future, as you have advanced production, for example, 3nm, combined with 3d envelopes, it will be more demanding for evasive efficiency. At the system end, the ai application accelerates the data centre towards a high-secret trend.
The annual global data centre averages 8.4kw/mechanical capacity, a significant increase from 5.6kw/mechanical capacity in 2017. Of this, 1-4kw accounted for 25%, 5-9kw for 46%, 10-19kw for 13%, and China still has a distance from global levels.
Up to 25% in 22 years, the ratio of high-power cabinets has increased significantly. In the future, as AI model training and reasoning, etc., increases, diversification arithmetic synergies become normal, the mainstream power density of single-it cabinets will increase from 6-8kw/ Counter to 12-15kw/ Counter, and the power density of the extra-calculation, intelligence centre, will increase to more than 30kw.
Chart 47: mdgpu power consumption development Chart 48: Investiggpu power consumption development We measure big model training + reasoning driving power consumption up and demand for radiating heat:
Training phase: Based on a paper published by the Opennai team in 2020, " laguagemodelsarefew-shot readers " , training a gpt-3 model of 17.4.6 billion parameters requires approximately 36,640 petaflop/s-day, assuming that the current large model takes one month of training, the corresponding computing requirement is 121 petaflops.
Parameters, 15.67 tflops, effective at about 30%. Logic phase: related to parameters such as user activity, number of questions, etc. No peaks are considered here, assuming that access needs are distributed evenly over time throughout the day. As the ai application deepens, the number of users active, model parameters increase significantly, in addition to
The duration of the visit is slow. The inference chip is based on the English Wildat 4 parameter, arithmetic 8tflops, assuming effective arithmetic utilization rates 400/200w for the respective training/inference chip thermal design, and is expected to grow in the future as the chip performance increases in proportion to the total demand for dispersive heat.
The core of the radiator system is a radiator module made up of the heat tubes and the general heat board. In general, the server evaporates the internal heat outside the cabinet, and the chip is the primary source of the heat. The chip radiator module is based on the principle that it will be used to distribute the internal heat outside the cabinet.
The heat of the chip is passed through heat-guiding materials such as heat tubes, hormonal chips, which follow the heat chain to the location of the radiator fin. The radiator fins are pure copper made, multi-strengthed structures, large areas of air contact, conductive to the radiator, active radiating by triggering the fan, and the velocity of the radiator is adjusted to the amount of automatic radiation, which leads to the radiator.
The company already has the development and production capacity of relevant radiator modules for use in various end-products of major customers. The radiator products cover industry-wide chains in the field of radiating heat in the consumer electronics industry, covering radiant parts and radiators, wrapping graphite chips, conductor pads, conductor glues, vc heat tubes, hormonal panels, and radiator modules. The company promotes radiant products.
Automation of production, autonomous design and development of radiatives such as different materials, different structural types of heat tubes, hormonal panels, modules, product flattening designs, efficient heat transfer, remote heat transfer optimization, cloud-end servers, distribution of network switches, three, layout of the new energy track, and creation of a second-growth curve
3.1. With power cell structures as entry points for new-energy vehicles, the penetration rate of new-energy vehicles is increasing, and power cell loads are increasing. As the global process of carbon neutrality and carbon peaks accelerates, future new-energy vehicles will gradually replace fuel vehicles, with power cells as the main engine for new-energy vehicles.
According to Marklines, the global volume of new energy vehicles was 10.5 million in 2022, an increase of 63.25 per cent in the same year, China ' s penetration rate was more than 20 per cent, and global penetration rate was over 10 per cent; China ' s penetration of new energy vehicles is expected to be close to 50 per cent in 2025, and the global penetration rate is expected to be around 30 per cent.
Figure 54: Global and Chinese new-energy vehicle penetration, power cells are key to the development of new-energy cars, and the Ninder era has a strong headline. New-energy cars drive vehicles with motor motors, fuel-cylinder batteries are used mainly for start-up, lighting, ignition, etc.
The main role of power cells is to provide power on an ongoing basis and to support recycling. According to Korean agency sne research data, the global power cell load of 517.9gwh in 2022 grew by 71.8% compared to the same year, with the Ningde era yielding 191.6gwh, with a share of about 37% in the first place: lges loading 79.3gwh, with a share of 15.92%.
Second in place: Biadi's volume of 67.2gwh, with a share of 13.49%, is third in rank. Figure 56: Global share of power cell output market 2022 Figure 55: Global power battery load and projections
With regard to the development of power cells and the need for sophisticated structural elements for pull-up cell structures, according to the Frost Sullivan report, the global power cell market was 20.7 billion yuan in 2022 and is expected to rise to 61.8 billion yuan in 2026, with a capr of 31.4 per cent, and the Chinese lithium cell structure showed a steady growth in market size, from 3.1 billion yuan in 2017.
There is a greater demand for sophisticated high-end structures from downstream players in the new energy automobile battery market. The precise structure of the power cell typically consists of core caps, steel/aluminium casings, positive/negative sub-soft connections, and battery soft-connected platoons. The function and quantity of the structure directly affect the safety, closure and energy efficiency of lithium batteries.
There are three main shapes: squares, cylinders, soft wraps, corresponding to a 12% ratio of the cost of the rectangular structures, circular structures and aluminium, respectively, and high-end structural units, which represent 12% of the cost of lithium battery materials. In terms of cost composition, the future energy density and operation of the power cells will be associated with technological innovation and industrial upgrading of new energy vehicles.
Temperature ranges, charging efficiency, safety, etc., will be raised, as will future requirements for high-end precision components by new energy car battery manufacturers.
Figure 61: Market patterns for lithium cell structures in China 2021 High barriers in the lithium cell industry and concentration in the battery structure industry. Lithium cell structure industry barriers are high, and the certification process by downstream battery manufacturers for structural units suppliers is complicated by the high safety needs of lithium batteries and does not easily replace supply
At present, the competitive pattern of lithium cell structures in our country is becoming clear, and the market shares have converged towards the head business, with Co Darry and Seok-su technology accounting for about 33% of the market share in 2021. Looking at the new energy vehicle structure, in addition to the power cell blocks, the new energy vehicle body also contains a variety of structures, such as door locks, shock-resilient structures, and seat structures.
In 2021, the company acquired Zhejiang Jintai, a formal layout of power cell structures. In 2021, the company started cutting into car plates and generating revenue, doubling revenue in 2022. Production bases have been built in Zhejiang, Jiangsusu, Jiang Su-yang, Sio Ding and Sichuan Chengdu.
The company, with its high-quality manufacturing capacity, is expected to raise the market share of automobile plates. Building on existing manufacturing capacity, the company provides sophisticated parts for various types of vehicles.
Clocks and modules, such as the provision of core aluminium casings, caps, transfer aids, soft connections, hard connections and cellular structure products such as manganese iron ore magnetic cores, and other vehicle-related precision structures such as flexible soft connections, placing plastics, etc., in which power cells The core aluminium casings in the structure are used mainly in square lithium ion batteries, with good product brightness, precise size, blastproof,
Features that are resistant to high temperature, corrosion, etc., while aluminium shells are scalable and can be custom-made; caps are mainly intended to contain a fixed, naked core and sealing ... and to ensure the flow of the current: a positive or negative connection between the end of the connector and the lithium cell ... another end connects the conductor circuit board, acts as a transmission of the current and acts as a connection to the battery module.
Figure 65: New Energy Charging Plugins for Selcon, Figure 66: New Energy Vehicle Recharger for Enphase Deep digs into the New Energy Car Market, where it is expected that the plug operation will take over the enphase electric charger.
Connc and the plating and assembly products of pressurized products mainly provide spare parts for new energy recharge plugs. Meanwhile, its client, enphase, is actively engaged in new domestic energy auto chargers, which can be supplemented by photovoltaic energy, in synergy with public photovoltaic operations.
3.2. Entering into the photovoltaic blue sea market, and exploring space for upward development. The market for photovoltaic storage energy is vast and distributed as a development trend. Global carbon abatement accelerates the convergence of the European energy crisis, exploring the need for new energy supplies and driving the increase in the amount of photovoltaic storage power.
The new energy load is 252gw, an increase of 38.46% from the previous year, and 2024 is expected to reach 325gw. According to Frost Sullivan, China’s photovoltage in 2022 was 63.7gw, an increase of 16.03% from the same year.
Figure 68: China’s photovoltaic additional installed capacity and projected distribution of photovoltaics is a future trend. Photovoltaic power systems are generally divided into stand-alone photovoltaic systems and grid-connected photovoltaic systems.
Power systems and distributed photovoltaic power systems. Domestically, as the green low-carbon development process accelerates, policies such as the National Energy Agency's 2022 programme to deepen the division of labour among priority tasks in the business environment reform will open up important development opportunities for distributed photovoltaic power stations in industry, construction, cities, etc.
Chart 69: Classification of Photovoltaic Power Systems Figure 70: Distributed Photovoltaic Power Systems Reversers are photovoltaic key equipment with a significant space for microreverse growth. Inverters act as midstreams in the industrial chain, downstream application sites.
The main effect of reverse transformers is to generate direct photovoltaic work, current electricity, and convert it to communication power for household devices. Microreverses are used mainly for distributed light voltage systems, such as household storage, which provide a relatively high safety factor based on direct flow conversion functions.
Global microreverse demand reached 2.93gw in 2022 and is expected to break 10gw; global market size was $6.3 billion in 2022, and figure 73: Global market size and forecast for microreversers.
Selcon, which laid the foundation for the luminous field of layout, provided the assembly business for the global microreverse dragon head enphase. The demand for a photovoltaic converter in the continent is growing rapidly.
Figure 74: Global micro-reverser market patterns with strong headlines and high harvest growth. As a listed company in the United States, with its localization advantages, Enphase has a good brand image in the North American market, high customer loyalty, marketing channels and customer resources.
There are significant advantages, with sales in 2020 accounting for 77.8 per cent of the global total of micro-reversibles, while the second largest market for energy technology accounted for 12.2 per cent of the total operating income of enphase in 2018, which increased to $2,331 million in 2022, cagr produced nearly 20 million units in 2022, and the share of supply products, including 1 q7 and 1 q8.
Over 30%. Enphase is expected to expand its capacity to 40 million in 2023, with downstream clients producing capacity to expand the public sector.
Accurate functional and structural piece business: The company has extensive experience with precision devices, which will continuously focus on the advantages of traditional consumer electronics products, maintaining industry competitiveness in terms of integration, intelligent manufacturing, responding to layout advantages of globalized services, and increasing the share of customer supply and product coverage. On the other hand, in the area of ar/vr, the company’s precision functions,
Structural pieces have been applied to headar/vr brand products, and as brands address development bottlenecks through technological innovation, they build up their revenues up to $271/308-34.5 billion a year, or 14.15 per cent a year, compared with the rate of 14 per cent.14 per cent. On the Māori side, as companies optimize the structure of sophisticated instruments, reduce the proportion of low-value-added products, and new high-value-added products drive up the price of the asp and make a profit.
The power is expected to remain robust, with the Māori rate projected for 2023-2025 for the company's sophisticated functional and structural units, the charger and fine assembly business: the charger and the fine assembly business are mainly influenced by wireless charge, the fast charger demand for cell phones, which is expected to grow steadily with relatively robust industry demand, and the company's charger and fine assembly industry is expected to grow steadily.
Material operations: Corporate materials include products such as magnetic materials, carbon fibre materials, mainly in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, automobiles, etc. As new products are imported into the company in the future, we expect company materials operations to be 2023-Car products: cars with zero components are increasing in value, increasing in volume, and companies have accumulated on the basis of structured product lines for many years.
We expect to continue to open the market by expanding our product lines in the area of automobiles, with the result that the revenue has increased by 60/45/40 per cent over the same period for billions of yuan. With regard to the Māori rate, as the sales of company-owned spare parts have increased, the product structure of the new energy automobile business continues to be optimized and the scale effect is reflected, and we predict a steady increase in the Māori rate.
Other business: Other industry categories of the company consist mainly of 5 g products, clean energy products, and stripped display and touch control module operations. After 2023, the business will grow rapidly with the company’s continued release of clean energy products, with projected costs: (1) In terms of R & D costs, the company will continue to grow in technological leadership to maintain its sophisticated structural and functional components.
R & D inputs, optimization of R & D processes, and introduction of new product extension domains, taking into account the new demand for industry end-user products. We consider the impact of new company R & D needs and scale effects, assuming high corporate R & D costs in 2023-2025 and continuous optimization of the management chain, cost containment, overall management efficiency, projected sales costs,
The risk of weak consumer electronic demand: where large clients have weak needs such as smartphones, ipad, pc etc. and end-user sales are not as high as expected, corporate performance as a critical business will be affected.
The risk of exchange rate fluctuations is that the company’s main product is US dollar-based, if exchange rate fluctuations or if it affects the company’s profitability.
Risk of a freeze on shares: The stockholdings held in Wang Namdong have been judicially frozen, and the equity freeze may further exacerbate the risk of liquidity risk for shareholders in the company and have a negative impact on the company.
An analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market within one month and two months and six months in three months.