Scesoohowsecurities (002600)
26/06/06: Keyword: #2nd Curve #2ndClass #2ndClass #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #
Headings, outward acquisitions expand inwards, vertically integrate upstream and downstream industrial chains, and build one-stop smart-making platforms. In 2018, companies went to the market in reverse to acquire gyro-magnetized materials, working together to move into fast-tracks, gradually displacing non-principal businesses, focusing on cutting-edge intelligence, and expanding new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, etc.
In 2021, the company was under pressure from the impact of the epidemic, from the impact of sharp increases in raw materials prices to the Māori rate, and in 2022, as the situation improved, both the recovery rate and the Māori rate recovered.
• Focus on the field of smart thinking, the new and emerging consumer electronics industry: 1) Accurate functional structure technology The advantages are clear: the technological advantages of corporate heat radiating programmes, linear motors, wireless charging, etc., and the high self-sufficiency of core parts and components. 2) Access to large customer supply chains and formation of long-term stable cooperation
Yes: In the consumption of electronic precision devices, companies have developed long-term and stable partnerships through a supplier certification system for mainstream head-end branders at home and abroad. By co-operating customers in the electronics sector, they have moved into the ar/vr/mr smartglass business and are already working with leading companies.
In addition, the company is an exclusive consumer-class nreal factory with exclusive responsibility for the entire assembly of the nerealairar glasses, the injection of plastics and the production of acoustics.
The company combines upstream and downstream resources, forming synergies in the industrial chain.
• To expand the quality of the track, new energy vehicles/photovoltaic co-development: (a) new energy vehicles: high volume of output growth, major technological components powered batteries related to renewal and full vehicle power, battery energy density, transport
Technologies such as temperature range, charge efficiency, safety, etc. are constantly improving, and the market prospects are wide, leading to an increase in sales of sophisticated structures. The company has imported power cell tap customers in the Ninder era, actively expanding production support and potential for future harvests.
Compared to upgrading, micro-reversers match distributed loader needs and systems are integrated and efficient, leading to growth. The company’s acquisition of Selcon became a micro-reverse leader, enphase, who is the current global micro-reverse market leader, with 80 per cent of the global market and harvest time.
Models, stages of development, product structure, technological leadership, customer resources, etc., have been selected as a company with a "buy-in" rating, with a "buy-in" rating of only 23 times the average value of a company in 2023.
The company was founded in 2006.
The first major players in the development are companies of the technology-oriented system, which are mainly involved in modelling operations.
The course of corporate development can be divided into four phases: 2006-2008, 2009-2013, 2014-2017, and beginning of 2006-08, where the company is mainly involved in model cutting. The main clients are Nokia, Neporo, Biyadi, and Fuscant groups, whose operating income, while increasing, is smaller.
In 2009-2013, the company began to deploy, cnc, hardware, and assembly operations. The company began to invest in pressurize, cnc, harden, and assembly related equipment.
During the rapid development period 2014-2017, companies entered the multi-sector leading supply chain. After a long build-up, technology-led businesses grew rapidly in 2014 and beyond, with a growing client base. Vivo supply chain in 2014, opo supply chain in 2015 and Chinese supply chain in 2016.
In addition, the company acquired six companies to prepare for the market, thereby significantly reducing competition among its counterparts. 2018 To date, the market has expanded the multi-track track through the use of shell powder magnets.
For the development, production and sale of magnetic materials, the specialized production of electromechanics such as iron oxides permagnetized, iron oxides soft, rare earth permagnetized, etc. was later acquired in two rounds into the consumer electronics industry chain. In 2018, the technology-reverse acquisition of jiang powder, magnets were marketed, and the acquisition continued to extend to structural units (Oriental Colors), chargers (Selcon) and new energy sources.
Automobile (Canter Electronic) operations, where products are widely used in consumer electronics, communications, object networking, automobiles, clean energy, company major operations are sophisticated functions and structures, extension of material services upstream, downstream expansion of modules and assembly operations, and formation of “one-stop” platform services.
Hardware and assembly products, of which there are tens of thousands of sub-types, mainly representative products such as optical glue, foam cotton, acoustic wires, emi, heat-conductor products, mobile phone metal appearances, metal shielding, hardeners, face casings, bottom casings, battery caps, etc., are widely used in the consumer electronics industry such as smartphones, tablet computers, wearable equipment, laptop computers, etc.:
In terms of materials, the products consist mainly of the permagnetic iron oxygen body and the flexible magnetooxy body, in which the permagnetic iron oxygen unit product is a nuclear heart component of an electric machine, downstream applications include automobiles, computers, household appliances, electric tools, electric toys, etc.; the flexible iron ore unit product is a core component of an electronic transformer, downstream applications include computers, cars, household appliances, energy-saving lamps, etc.;
On the module side, the company has multiple product lines, such as wireless charging modules, radiator modules, backlight modules, radio frequency modules, motor modules, rotor modules, acoustic modules, touch panel modules and keyboard modules; it also provides consumer electronic assembly solutions to ensure one-stop delivery of products, shortening and streamlining the supply chain for its clients.
As of June 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 60,86% of the shares in the technology (100% of the winning investment and 2.05% of the profit-making shares) were held by former aromatics.
The shareholding scheme is the actual controller of beneficial technology. The shareholding scheme is 0.65% of the shares, covering directors (excluding independent directors), supervisors, senior managers, core managers of companies and subsidiaries, companies and subsidiaries.
The incorporation of the new business has led to a significant increase in corporate revenue, but has been affected by the legacy of the company’s business and asset restructuring, resulting in lower net profit returns. Since then, the company has continued to integrate its business, with a rise in net profit fluctuations. In 2021, it was affected by an epidemic, a lack of core, a chronic shortage of goods, and a total of $30.4 billion, which slowed down the growth rate; and in 2022, with related negative external causes.
In 2021, there was a 35% increase in raw materials for the sophisticated functional structures of the main business. Māori rates and net interest rates fluctuated as a result of changes in the business structure, which generally stabilized in 2021 as a result of the downside of consumer electronics.
Industry was affected by macroeconomic downturns, demand contracted, sales reduced, and prices of sophisticated functional structure raw materials increased, with the impact on the firm’s sophisticated structure and overall Māori rate falling. The Māori rate rose again in 2022 as the related external negative factors improved and raw material prices fell. Net interest rates were affected by performance compensation and asset impairments.
In parallel with the overall Māori rate, 22 years of growth in energy research and development costs, such as the expansion of photovoltaics and new energy vehicles, resulted in net interest rates not rising as fast as Māori rates. Focusing on R&D inputs, the cost rate gradually improved.
At the same time, companies are pursuing a globalization strategy and strengthening cost management, marketing, lower volatility of financial costs, and administrative costs, mainly as a result of increases in employee remuneration, which have generally shown a downward trend in recent years, highlighting efficiency gains.
2.1. Apple harvest growth, and innovation drives the growth in the value of precision components. Structures are components in equipment that assume the power of motion transfer or support. Precision of the size, surface quality, and performance requirements are higher; the main product of the firm’s precision structure is the consummation of electronics casings, center frames, etc.
E.g., metal support and conductive structures built in mobile phones, acoustic modules for soundproofing of water, dust, etc. Precision features are used to achieve interlinking between various functional modules or components of products such as communications equipment, computers, mobile phones, automobile electronics, protection, anti-interference, heat conductor, dustproofing, insulation, marking, etc.
electromagnetic shielding devices, conductors, dustnets, insulation chips, marking products, hardware, functional buttons, etc. The company’s electronic consumer domain, which is mainly smart phones, has worked with mainstream brands such as a client, Hwa, Mi, opo, vivo, etc.
The largest share of stars, with 22 per cent market, followed by apples, with 21 per cent market share. Figure 9: q1 share of global smartphones delivered in 2023 compared to 2.1.1. Technological upgrades drive an increase in the value of precision devices and structures
In the 5g era, the smartphone industry showed a trend of fast-filling, folding screens, and increased demand for heat radiating. 1) 5g: Data transfer in 5g is 10-20 times faster than 4g, while delays have been reduced to several milliseconds, making it easier to achieve applications such as long-distance medical treatment, car networking, vr, ar and smart homes. 2) Fast-charge: mobile energy consumption increases to a fast-charge programme.
Fast charging is faster and more efficient than normal, and has become brand-marked, and has led to increased demand for radiant heat: high energy consumption, accelerated charging technology, increased heat efficiency of radiators in mobile phones. The main options for cellular heat venting are currently silicone, graphite, heat tubes and vc, the mainstream 5g machine.
With vc liquid cold + multilayered graphite, the high end series has already taken the lead in graphite evaporation. New technologies have led to a synchronized increase in terminal prices, and the share of bom costs in the price has also been on the rise. For example, the cost of small pieces in high power chargers has risen and their value has increased; apples 30w and above are charged to the inner wall of the electrical casings,
Pcb uses large areas of metal radiators and insulation boards, element latches to enhance heat radiation and solidity, and uses smartphones to move into stock with effort 2.1.2.
The machine cycle has grown, the cellular industry has entered the stocking age, and, according to Counterpoint, the average number of smartphone subscribers in 2022 has been over 31 months, and according to strategyanalytics, the average rate for Chinese users has been 28 months. After the stock age multi-wheel shuffling, head manufacturers have concentrated most of their market share.
In the first quarter of 2023, China’s smartphones dropped by about 6,544,000, and the top five brands of the market fell by different degrees. The iphone technology continued to innovate, the price was stable, and the harvest was on the rise.
Innovations, such as facaid, smart islands, and periscopes, together with ecological advantages, have been relatively stable at relatively high prices. Compared to the iphone 14 series, which is a major product, with relatively pragmatic pricing, a more balanced configuration, and apples, with their soft and hardware ecological advantages, they maintain strong competitiveness and capture most of the profits in the industry. Apple's latest financial reporting data shows that
In the first quarter of 23 years, iPhone sales amounted to US$ 51.33 billion, a 2% increase over the same year. Apples are expected to reverse consumer electronic weakness and maintain a long-term sharp performance, driven by continuous technology in iPhone products. Apples are also responsible for steady sales to companies’ sophisticated structured functional units.
In smartphone brands, apples have the smallest drop in sales of just 2 per cent and the second highest in output. 2.2. Virtual market outlets have arrived, ar/vr business cards have a clear advantage.ar/vr, as a consumer of electronics, can be used in a variety of innovations, such as games, office, medical, etc.
An application scenario is the next major increase in industry development. A technology that enhances reality is a smart combination of virtual information and the real world, and the ar industry has two carrier shapes: an enabling enterprise-level scenario, and a lower threshold for consumer-level applications development.
Tools/platforms, applications, three parts of content, are widely used in a variety of fields, such as games, consumer applications, business applications, health care, and parenting. Virtual reality (virtuality, vr) technologies use close-eye displays, perception interactions, rendering, web transmissions and content production as the new generation of information and communication technologies (ICTs) that contain mainly hardware (core devices, terminals) in the industrial chain.
The industrial start-up phase leads to cutting-edge technological developments. With the 5g global layout, the vr/ar industry comes technology.
In the first half of September 2021, more than 2.5 million users of vr were active in the steam game platform, and the industry has come to a fast-growing stage. It is widely believed that in 2023, Apple will launch hardware terminalar glasses like mobile Internet-era smartphones.
C end-of-the-life consumer market. From the disassembly of vr/ar glasses, sophisticated functional and structural devices such as back-cerebral racks in the cells and acoustic modules in the eyes of vr, battery caps, metal caps, rotor assemblies, battery panels and casings are used extensively.
In 2021, xr's global shipments are expected to exceed 10 million, reaching Zuckerberg's proposal that “more than 10 million shipments will be marketable enough to boost developers.”
In December 2022, the first consumer-level hardware in the world broke 100,000 volumes. Apples, Facebooks, Microsoft, Google, China, tweaks, bytes, etc., built xr ecology. The strategic card is the next generation computing platform.
The platform horizonworkrooms, enabling virtual office scenes; Pico bytes, which beats the acquisition, publishes pico4 and pico4provr head displays; and Apple's ar/vr headwear equipment is about to be released in June of the year.
The robotics industry is in the 3.0 exploration phase, moving from partial intelligence to full autonomy. The process of development of robots from their birth to their intellectual ingenuity can be divided broadly into three stages: the budding into a long-term, rapid development period and an intelligent exploration period.
Technological developments have led to a change in intelligence, with strong domestic market growth. With the development of smart technologies like voice recognition, machine vision, self-directional navigation, and human interaction, the traditional robotics industry has entered a rapid intelligent transition.
Despite external factors such as the epidemic, the robotics industry has shown a relatively strong growth force, with a market size of 25 billion yuan in 2021. Repeated outbreaks of the epidemic have given rise to a great demand for artificialization, automation, intelligent productivity, and labour.
The entire robot industry is showing a healthy trend. According to Irene, China’s smart robot market size in 2025, figure 18: The history of robotic intelligence development, figure 19: China’s robot market size, 2019-2025e (millions of yuan)
The control product was launched at the 19th Chuzhou Industrial Automation and Robotic Exhibition on 18-21 May as a generic, multi-purpose drive-all control device for industrial control, automation, robotics, etc.
Compatible with general touch screen communications, providing robotic control modules of the scara, delta, coding, six axes, etc.; 2. Support for robotic control, providing tcp/ip communication interfaces based on the Tainet: 3. The human interface is easy to program without professional background.
, and motion control. The program app is installed on a cell phone or tablet computer and is wirelessly connected to the controller by w-fi; 4. can be used for the drive control of robots of scara, delta, joints 4, joints 6, straight-angle coordinates, etc.; high-speed image collection is achieved by means of an off-screen trigger of the camera via a high-speed i/o, and probes by high-speed i/o.
Sign a memorandum of understanding with Hansen to collaborate on the design of an optimal mass product for human robots. On 10 May 2023, a memorandum of understanding was signed with Hansonroboticslimited (Hansen Robotic Technology, Hong Kong).
Both sides want to work together to explore opportunities and solutions to improve the performance, reliability and cost-effectiveness of advanced human robots inspired by Hansen's “sophia” and “grace” robots, and to optimize their high-yield production design. The Hanson team was created by Dr. davidhanson, who created both appearances and actions.
Robots are known for their dynamism, including the famous robotic role, sophiatherobot. They want to be the main authorized manufacturers of robots, and to work with Hanson in marketing, distribution, and business development.
Figure 20: Hanson robot sophiatherobot 2.4. Vertically integrated production line up and down, with both technical and customer advantages
The company has multiple advantages in terms of experience, R & D, etc., with regard to radiating the heat. (1) There is interoperability with the company ' s original products in terms of the production of the main technical axis parts required in the production of the radiator module, the technology of high-precision recompressive exercise, automated flexible production, the technology of automatic ccd detection and the technology of cold-branch exercise in the bedroom, etc. (2) there are techniques such as contemplation of 16-bed cytorium strategists, etc.
The arts are industry leaders, 0.38 mmvc and the thermal tubes are produced in quantities, and companies are actively developing ultra thin vc and thermal tubes. (3) The company develops vc with anti-fall properties, etching properties and lower residual capabilities, with high water storage, linear motors, high self-sufficiency of core parts, and excellent production line processes.
The manufacturing process involves molding (polyamamine membrane), pressurization (up and down shell/up/up and down film/ spring/soft support, etc.), cnc (balance block), assembly (linear motor), etc., with 62 parts, 59 of which are homemade by intelligence and 95%. At the same time, company linear motors have closed design, high-g values, high-performance materials, etc., in precision.
The manufacturing industry highlights the advantages of full-scale processes. In wireless charging, after the acquisition of Selcon in 2019, it gained its wireless charge patent advantage, while companies are actively deploying the R & D layout of nanocrystal materials, which are one of the best mobile phone wireless chargers, with more than 90 per cent recharge efficiency.
2.4.2. Industry customization features are clear, and the sophisticated functional devices industry has customizing features and production cooperation models. Most sophisticated devices produce products that need to be developed, designed and customized with the downstream plant, and therefore are customer-oriented.
Smart phones: entering into the large customer supply chain and forming a long-term stable partnership. In the consumer economy, companies have passed a supplier certification for end-user, user, oppo, vivo, etc.
In 2022,a customers, Hwa, oppo, and vivo received more than 50% of the company’s operating income from four end-users, of which a client accounted for 24.43%.
Figure 21: The location of the company in a customer supply chain, with the advantage of sophisticated functional devices, is the core client of the cardar/vr. The application of the precision features and structures in the vr and ar glasses is extensive, and the recipient, with the help of a cooperative client in the consumer electronics field, has entered its ar/vr business and is already working together.
In addition, the company is an exclusive consumer-level nreal factory with exclusive responsibility for the entire assembly of nrealairar glasses, fitting structures and acoustics, providing a comprehensive package of support and services at the key components, product assembly, etc. of vr/ar glasses.
The leading consumer-grade arglass brand, the top two in the domestic consumer-level nar, became the world ' s first consumer-level product of 100,000 in December 2022. 2.4.3. Integration of upstream and downstream industrial chains to provide integrated solutions
The company is actively engaged in upstream and downstream integration. Precision-based structure materials involve iron-oxypermagnetic and flexible-magnetic-magnetic-oxy bodies, in which the ion-magnetine component products are the core parts of an electric machine, downstream applications include automobiles, computers, household appliances, electric tools, electric toys, etc., and the flexible-magnetico-magnetic component products are the core components of an electronic transformer, downstream applications include:
Computers, automobiles, household appliances, energy-efficient lamps, etc... Companies are buying larger quantities of sterilized raw materials, but they are less able to negotiate with upstream suppliers because of the import dependence on high-performance permagnetic iron oxides that are currently required by the country’s domestic authorities.
In the field of smartphone radiatives, linear motors, wireless chargers, companies create high operational and household synergies.
The company will be better off in the area of wireless charging. In the area of vr/ar, the company will actively deploy integrated solutions. At the beginning of 2021, it acquired the Joo Hae-wei Creative South factory as an important production base in the Bay of Australia district of Hong Kong.
In August 2021, under the influence of the Sioux State, the masters of the country began to operate with precision, mainly to provide integrated, sophisticated plastic structural solutions for the ar and vr products of the international major clients.
3.1. New-energy cars: With the advantage of a client, it is beneficial for the industry to deliver large quantities of new-energy cars, and there are prospects for the power cell market.
13%. According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), sales will increase by 35% to 14 million vehicles in 2023. The new energy industry shows trends in battery system upgrading, unmanned technology development, integrated whole-of-car systems, and smart network connections, among which power cells are critical.
The volumes will be 35,55gwh and 2963gwh, up to 33% and 36% respectively in 10 years. Domestically, according to ggii, China ' s power cell output in 22 years is expected to reach 1250gwh, 22-25 ecagr, figure 25: new energy vehicles sold (thousands)
Power cell technology is improving, and demands for high-end precision structures are increasing. As battery energy density, temperature range, charge efficiency, safety, etc., are increasing faster, the demand for high-end precision structures from future new energy car battery manufacturers will increase, and the value of the increase will open up market space, as shown by Frost Sullivan's report.
It is expected that the market size of the sophisticated structure of electric car batteries worldwide will increase from about RMB 20.7 billion in 2022 to about RMB 61.8 billion in 2026, or 31.4 per cent, with the power cell market leading, with Ningde City taking a long lead. According to Korean market research institute sneresearch,
The release of the global power cell load rankings for the first half of 2022 showed that the Ningde era, the lig new energy source, Biadei, Matsu, the fourth lowest, with four cities accounting for about 34.8 per cent, 14.4 per cent, 11.8 per cent and 9.6 per cent, respectively, was the first in five consecutive years of the Ningde era, with global cities accounting for 34.8 per cent in the first half of 2022, a 6.2 percentage point increase compared to the previous year, with markets accounting for a few.
Companies have access to the Ningde-era supply chain, actively expanding production support. Power cell structural production is more demanding for accuracy, more complex production processes, more demanding for basic processes such as stress, stretching, and remodelling, and more complex technology processes.
The company completed the acquisition of Zhejiang Jintai electronics as an entry point in the new energy vehicle sector in June 21 and became a supplier for the Ninder era and Tesla Lithium Batteries, whose main products currently include power cell casings, lids, switchboards, etc., and plans to expand production capacity.
In the area of new energy vehicles, four major production bases have been built in Zhejiang, Lake Jiang Susu, Jiang Susu, Jiang Su-yang, and Fujian Fukuang. 3.2. Photovoltaics: acquisition of Selkang as a micro-reversible head, enphase global only 2odm, meets distributional loading requirements plus high system efficiency, and micro-reversers become trends.
The primary responsibility for converting the direct-flow electricity generated by photovoltaic components to meet the requirements of the grid is the core of the photovoltaic system. Currently, the most common reverse transformers in the distributed photovoltaic field are micro-reversers and serial inverters. Micro-reverters allow maximum power point tracking of each piece or block of photovoltaic components, which, after reverse, is incorporated into the exchange grid and is accurately tracked.
The maximum power output point, the "component-level control" is achieved, and the "short-board effect" is eliminated. Moreover, the conversion efficiency of microreversers is higher, at more than 90%, with only a few dozen volts of direct current voltage and better safety. According to Woodmackenzi, in the past, the penetration rate of global microreverses in distributed markets was maintained at between 2 and 5%, compared to the global level in 2025.
Figure 28: Rationale for micro-reversers: Figure 29: Micro-reverser systems that continue to have a high capacity and a higher distribution ratio, laying the market base for micro-reversers. 2017-2021
The global cumulative load has grown significantly, from 390.2gw to 843.1gw, with capr reaching 21.2 per cent. According to the National Energy Agency, in 2021 the capacity of the country ' s additional photovoltaic installed capacity was 54.88gw, of which the distributed photovolve installed capacity was 29.28gw, representing approximately 53.4 per cent of all new photovoltaic installed power plants, surpassing, for the first time, the centralized power plant.
Figure 30: Accumulated global solar photovoltaic loads in 2017-2023e Figure 31: Microreverse global output and penetration rates in 2016-2025e
The market is still dominated by the start-up enterprise enphase, which accounted for about 80% of the global market in 2020, and whose owners are commissioning lexltd., salcompmanufacturingindiavt.
At the domestic leadership level, with the opening of markets such as Europe in the future, companies are expected to grow in micro-reverse plates, and the significant increase in corporate revenues in 2024 is mainly due to the steady orientation of sophisticated structural, functional and modular operations, as well as to the rapid release of automobiles and new energy operations.
1. Precision structural, functional and modular operations: Benefiting from an increase in the import and penetration rate of sophisticated and small new material numbers in the chain of large North American clients, the company has been able to increase its market presence in this area. At the same time, the company has expanded vertically to downstream modelling and horizontally to emerging product patterns such as ar/vr, which are expected to lead to new business additions.
Electrical chargers and consummation: The company Selcon charger module operation is expected to be accompanied by a steady increase in industrial warming and fast-loading trends, and is expected to grow steadily with an average annual increase of 5 per cent.
The company’s automobile business is expected to grow by 30.30% per year per year for 23-25 years. Other operations are mainly photovoltaic, providing substitute services for the global microreverse dragon, enphase, and North American factory capacity is expected to be released gradually for 23 years.
The business is expected to grow rapidly with large client orders and its own production capacity, and is expected to grow from 23 to 25 years, with components and assembly suppliers, respectively, with sophisticated pieces, wooden shares and Flying Rinda as comparable companies, and we believe that the company is a sophisticated manufacturing leader with a clear advantage in the already existing structural areas, building a one-stop Idea platform.
This will be followed by the expansion of new energy sources and PV tracks in collaboration with the main industry, opening up the harvest ceiling, taking into account 23 years of comparable companies,1 and the fact that the consumer electronic landscape is less than expected: the global economic recovery is less than expected, and demand for consumer electronics such as smart phones, pad, pc, etc. is weak and there is a risk that the expected market share and growth in the Maori rate will not be achieved;
2. The new business expansion layout is less than expected: the company ' s new business involves new energy sources, photovoltaics, ar/vr, etc., where the leakage rate of new energy vehicles, the volume of photovoltaics and the withdrawal of the ar/vr product is less than expected, the company ' s profits fluctuated, and the product ' s R & D was less than expected: as competition in the consumer electronics sector increases and end applications become more abundant, if the product is technologically available.
Technology R & D is not as fast as the market and the trend towards technology in the market is precipitous. There are three financial forecasting forms for companies to continue their business in the future. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified to be a portfolio advisory business.