Researchchand developmentcenter Vertical integration of horizontal layouts to build one-stop sophisticated manufacturing taps
On 25th of May 2023, the horizontal layout was vertically integrated to create a single-stop sophisticated production tap.
\triangleright Company Profile: One-stop sophisticated manufacturing poles, with full potential for strategic layout. 2006: A subsidiary, leading electronics, 2012. Registered as a technology group, 2018.
In 2019 and 2021, the company acquired Sai Kang and Zhejiang Jintai, respectively, extending the company’s business system to new energy vehicles and photovoltaics. The company’s former business system consisted of electronic consumption, new energy-powered batteries, and a large part of the optical reverse transformer.
Consumer electronics: End-demand power is strong, and integrated service providers are multi-dimensional. The global smartphone market \triangleright field is already an overall stock market, but some emerging markets are still growing strongly.
In the component industry, as the end-use landscape is diversified, the demand for customized services increases further, and as the demand for technology and costs continues to rise, the future flagship effect may increase. The firm has three major advantages:
Corporate strengths #1: Product matrices and process capabilities continue to expand and one-stop solution capabilities are being enhanced. Corporate product matrices continue to be enriched with one-stop solutions. Corporate product matrices are constantly enriched, classified by product type, and have evolved into sophisticated function keys, structures, modules, precisions.
Corporate advantage #2: vertical integration reduces profits and profits improves. Consumption of the electronics industry has been low since 2023, with overall q1 performance pressure on the industry yet to be released.
In the first quarter of 2023, the Māori and liquidity ratio (%) of corporate sales were 20.49% and 8.95% respectively, and profitability improved significantly.
First, the company continues to optimize its product structure, expanding to materials and modules in addition to reducing low value-added assembly operations. Second, the level of corporate automation has increased, and controls have been effective. Third, the company's large clients' strategic precision and Apple business volatility.
Fourth, the company’s profile in other areas is gradually being spread, and the second growth curve is being shaped. Corporate advantage #3: Big client collaboration is advancing steadily, and Applemr is expected to open up the imagination.
Corporate clients include consumer electronic head companies, which are deeply bound to apples. The size of the measure, the apple market, is stable compared to the Andre system, with 23q1 deliveries of 58 million copies, with a share of the same amount +3.34 pct, mainly based on strong performance in emerging markets. The price dimension, the value of the company's single machine, continues to rise.
China’s smart robot market has broken 25 billion dollars in size, and there are prospects for growth. There is a strong demand for artificial, automated, and intelligent energy in many areas, and the robotics industry is showing healthy trends.
A memorandum of understanding is signed between Hin Shenzhen, a fully-owned subsidiary, and the Hanson robot in Hong Kong, where both parties will cooperate. With the Hinsen intelligent robots, it is expected that they will become the main mandate in the future, with the Hinson ellipse optimized production.
Itd House No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing, car: new power cars are growing steadily, power batteries are growing at a very high rate.
\triangleright \triangleright cuts into power cell precisions. As the electric car industry develops, the market size of the battery structure grows. By buying and adding to the government, companies accumulate quality project resources, working with Tesla and Ben.
The BMW and other leading enterprises have established long-term business relations and have built production bases in Lake States, Suzhou, Xiangyang, Fu and Chengdu, signed investment agreements with the Jingmen and Chongzhou governments, invested in sophisticated structured operations and established production bases.
Photovoltaics: Overseas Dragonheads, VCR market. Higher installed capacity, distributed \triangleright photovoltaic power system, both in and out of the country is a trend. By volume, Frost Sullivan's global photovoltaic reverse transformer forecast.
It will reach 579.3gw in 2026, with a combined annual growth rate from 2022 to 2026 expected to be 22.6 per cent. The microreverser is the core component of the distributed photovoltaic system.
Resources, which, among other things, have been chosen as a risk factor for companies to use long, sophisticated, flying, Kodali and log shares: demand for consumer electronics is not as high as expected, downside risks in the sale of electric vehicles,
\triangleright vr/ar develops less than expected risk, goodwill impairment risk, photovoltaic business demand less than expected
Corporate strengths #1: Product matrices and process capabilities continue to expand and one-stop solution capabilities are upgraded. The corporate product matrix is constantly enriched and one-stop solutions are continuously upgraded.
Corporate advantage #2: Vertical integration increases profits and profits improves. Companies continuously optimize their product structure, expanding to materials and modules, in addition to reducing low-value-added assembly operations. At the same time, corporate automation has increased and cost-control measures have been effective.
Corporate advantage #3: Big client collaboration is advancing steadily, and Applemr is expected to open up the imagination. Corporate customers cover consumption, e-head business, deep binding of apples. Volume dimensions, Apple markets are stable compared to Andre, with a volume of 508 million shipments, compared to a ratio of +14.49 per cent, mainly based on strong performance in emerging markets. Price dimensions, company single machine value.
In the case of cars, the new energy cars are growing rapidly, and the power cells are growing fast. The company buys Jintai electronics, cuts in power cell precisions, and goes with Tesla, Mercedes, and Tesla.
For example, BMW companies have long-term business relationships. On the photovoltage side, companies have established a stable partnership with overseas leaders to create a dynamic reverse market. Microreversers are the core components of distributed photovoltaic systems.
Corporate profile: One-stop sophisticated manufacturing poles, strategic layouts with full potential
In 2006, the subsidiary won the electronics business, mainly in modelling, and in 2008 successfully cut into the apple supply chain. In 2012, the technology consortium was registered, and the company expanded into pressurization, cnc, hardware, assembly, etc.
In 2018, the technology was listed on the market for shell-peasant magnets, renamed the technology, and acquired the technology of Shenzhen Toyoto to protect the membrane business. To date, it has acquired the following companies: Khurkang, Siangyang-vik, Siang Yang-viu, Su, Pearl Hai Wei-wok, Zhejiang Jin-tae: Detached Shenzhen from Shenzhen Joint Force, Tetsing Light Power, Jiang Peng-gau.
Through mergers and acquisitions and financing, the company has achieved business expansion and stripping, integration of materials, precision features and structures, modules and fine assembly, and the creation of a fully industrial chain of electronic precision and strategic deployment of new energy, photovoltaic and other areas.
Through more than a decade of production, the company’s type of operations has been expanded from mechanized to moist, pressurized, cnc, hardened, assembled; the customer import process has been smooth, and the firms Nokia, Neptune, Biadi, Fuscon, Apple, Bourne Group, Guangta Group, etc. are gradually covered.
Stewards, Rae, Ramses, Burns, Kassmo, Green Point, all right.
Combining electronics, new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, new and old businesses. Consumer electronics: through years of deep farming and merger restructuring in the industry, companies have a mix of molding, pressurization, cnc and remodelling.
Combining manufacturing capabilities to cover the upper-and-down chains of smart electronics such as materials, precision devices, structures, modules, chargers, etc., provides one-stop smart manufacturing services and solutions to customers. The company serves mainly large clients such as Apple, Andre, and basically covers mainstream mobile phone manufacturers such as Apple (Fuscant, and Yu, Guangta, Lanthy), Hua, and Hua.
Opo, vivo, etc.: In recent years, Vr/ar head shopr nrealairar glasses have been completely assembled, engraved plastics and acoustics made.
Photovoltaic areas: sales of photovoltaic reverse transformer products to international cleaners through overseas production bases. The company provides an odm service for transversals to the head of the offshore photovoltaic reverse transformer.
Figure 3: The company’s main clients, the structure of the Globalisation Organization, actively expands its operations abroad.
The global network of marketing offices has successfully built a multi-centric global layout, covering major global regional markets such as Viet Nam, Brazil, Turkey, the United States, India, South Korea, Singapore, etc., and has established an international R&D system. To date, it has gained the wisdom to have 58 production and service bases and eight fine product assembly bases around the world.
Figure 4: Global profile of companies Figure 6: Quarterly operating income of companies and year-on-year (1q18-1q23) Improved profitability and significant increase in Māori sales/net interest rates on sales. Māori sales/net interest rate on sales by companies in 2022
In recent years, company R & D rates have stabilized at around 6%, at a higher level. Based on a unique three-tier R & D platform, companies have focused on trends over the next decade and have assisted in the deployment of R & D centres.
Products and technologies. Companies have a global R & D system, test samples against clients’ needs, and bulk production. Core business is becoming more and more productive. Companies have the highest revenue and the highest Māori rate is a sophisticated function.
Close operations and create synergies in the dynamics of the consumer electronics, new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, products including sophisticated functional kernels, chargers, materials, new energy car battery structures, etc. Figure 16: company precision functions and origin ratio of structural units (2018-2022)
The management professional structure is stable, multiple equity incentives are encouraging confidence, the equity structure is stable, and the concentration of holdings is driving forward development. The firm’s equity structure is stable, and as of the 2023s, the interstate controller is Ms. Tsang Fang, who holds 2.05% of the shares directly.
The division’s actual controller, the winning investment, and Ms. Tsang Fangqiao’s co-activist relationship. Figure 17: Corporate equity structure, acquisition of holdings of multiple subsidiaries, operating up and down. In recent years, companies have taken over dozens of sons and fathers through acquisitions.
The Division, which covers sophisticated functional structures, materials operations, chargers, 5g products, and new energy batteries, has long-term equity incentives and employee-in-equity schemes to boost morale.
People participate, with an actual share holdings of 4.5975,000 and a real share share of 0.65%. The performance test targets are consumer electronics: capacity border expansion support basics of resilience, with a steady increase in the share of large clients End demand: the growth of the emerging smartphone market is strong
According to idc, the global smartphone market, Beta, has been weak since 2017, but there are opportunities for phased investment, such as 5g penetration, and so on. In 2022, the consumer electronics industry was brought down by epidemics, geo-governance, etc., and the “5g” climax of 2021 was added, with a sharp decline.
For example, some emerging markets are still growing strongly, and prices are rising sharply. For India’s markets: the 2020 epidemic was a major drag on India’s mobile phone market, and the 2020 Indian smartphone market saw a significant decline in sales on a par, with the ensuing 2021 phase of “volume up.”
The size of the Indian smartphone market has continued to grow. According to the data, in 2022 India sold 173 million smartphones, i.e. + 8.1% of the year; averaged $21.91 billion, i.e. - 6.1% of the year; overall market figure 21: sales and sales of smartphones in India (2018-2028e)
Figure 22: Average and equal prices of smartphones in India (2018-2028e) Middle East market: According to Canalys, the Middle East smartphone market registered a 1 per cent increase in volume by year in 2022, a 6 per cent increase by year in 2023 and a steady increase in future years.
Top producers such as Stars, Mi, Voice, Apples, Opo, etc., with Samsung ' s share reaching 40 per cent in 2022, with South Asian markets: 213 million smartphones in South Asia in 2022, equivalent to 7.9 per cent; smartphones at an average cost of $226.8, equivalent to 5.5 per cent; smartphone markets at $48.99 billion, equivalent to 1.9 per cent.
Figure 26: South Asian smartphone sales and ratios (2018~2028e) Figure 27: South Asian smartphone averages and ratios (2018~2028e) South Asian smartphone sales (millions)
Yoy (right) Zero component: a centralized effect or will be enhanced, a specialized zero-component manufacturer or an evolving integrated service provider. A sophisticated electronic zero component is an important component of an intelligent terminal with a high performance impact factor for the terminal.
A dense feature is a product that is installed inside or outside a consumer electronic terminal to achieve a specific function, including a variety of solids, buffers, insulations, shielding, keying, etc. A sophisticated structure element is a metal or plastic component that has high dimensions precision, high surface mass, high performance requirements and is capable of protecting, supporting or spreading heat.
As terminal applications evolve, the performance, cost, etc. of sophisticated electronic zero components are more demanding. In recent years, sophisticated electronic zero components have been characterized by a number of characteristics: they have a large number of material numbers and have a wide range of applications. The functional devices are mainly sticky, fixed, buffered, shielded, dustproof, cut-off.
The functions of radiating, relieving, protecting, marking, publicizing, guiding, etc., the structural components primarily perform protection and support functions associated with the end size, structure, appearance, high surface quality, high performance requirements. As there are specific differences between the different scenarios of the application terminal and the same terminal, the functional and structural elements are also required.
Agility and diversity of forms and difficulties in standardization, and therefore the numbering of materials, require greater integration of technology, synchronization of research and development, and so on. A sophisticated electronic component process is complex and contains moist cutting, pressure, formation, cnc processing, grinding, etc., and requires surface processing, testing, assembly, etc.
And, in order to respond quickly, the importance of capabilities such as R & D synchronization is also becoming more important, and there is a stable, customized mix. As noted earlier, sophisticated electronic zero-assembly specifications, models, different models, classes.
Both types of products need to be individually designed and developed to adapt to the different technical requirements of the end products. Customized products are highly specialized and thus contribute to a more stable supply chain relationship, which generally requires the presence of head enterprises.
In the case of sophisticated structures, the material is mainly divided into metals, plastics, and so on. In these, sophisticated metal structures have better hardness and hardness, heat evaporation, conductivity, etc. In the case of plastics, they have lower density, light weight, etc. In the industrial chain, they are predominantly upstream in materials such as metals, plastics, etc., and middle- and middle-sized enterprises generate consumption through self-production or partial outsourcing.
There are more visible smile curves in the consumer electronics industry, where the electronics assembly is a very small value point, and the value added is mentioned in simple parts, high-end modules, system software, etc.
In terms of competition patterns, after many years of development, the sophisticated electronics zero-components industry is composed of three main types of enterprises. Global electronic manufacturing service providers (ems manufacturers): large-scale production, technology-subsistence, customer-rich, electronic manufacturing, etc., that can provide global manufacturers with services such as Fusikang, Weibo, Ring Electronics, etc.
Manufacturers of highly specialized structural elements: they tend to be professional, deep-ploughing one or more tracks, accumulated deeper production and technical experience, served downstream head enterprises, limited scope and size of enterprises, and had a larger number of such enterprises.
Looking to the future, we believe that the following trends will emerge: the end-use landscape is diverse, and the demand for customized services is rising further. As the consumer electronics industry develops, products such as tws headphones, smart watches, etc., in addition to smart mobile phones, there are new developments in the precision electronic zero components.
Good opportunities. The demand for customization will rise as the end-use landscape becomes more diverse.
A step-by-step approach, with a sense of convergence or strengthening, focuses on a broad range of capabilities, and globalization is gaining ground.
Corporate product matrices continue to be enriched and one-stop solutions enhanced. Corporate product matrices are constantly enriched, classified by product type, and now form four broad categories of sophisticated function keys, structures, modules, precision assembly. In terms of precision functionality, corporate products cover a variety of metals (spoilless steel, aluminium alloys, titanium alloys) and non-metal material.
Accurate small pieces (glues, bubbles, silk wires) with respect to structural elements, the company covers processes from R & D, mold manufacturing, emulation, spraying, cnc processing, assembly, etc. With respect to modules, the company has wireless recharge modules, radiative modules, backlight modules, radio frequency modules, motor models, rotations.
Axes, acoustics, touch boards, keyboards, etc.
Figure 31: Corporate product matrix. Core competitiveness in technology development and development. Smart manufacturing drives product resolution.
The company will establish six major research and development centres in various parts of the country and abroad, strengthening technological capabilities, automation and intellectual manufacturing capabilities, applying artificial intelligence to the overall industrial solution of automated production, and building state-of-the-art and nationally leading smart production workshops.
Figure 32: Core competitiveness of companies #2: Corporate advantage #2: Vertical integration reduces profits, profitability improves, consumer electronics industry has been depressed since 2023, q1 performance pressures have not been released.
The impact of the epidemic became apparent after January 2023, and market demand declined in the first quarter of 2023, both in the consumption of e-sales and in net sales interest rates. Of this, 2023q1 consumer power companies showed strong resilience and increased profitability.
The net interest rate has also been higher than the industry as a whole since 2022q3. In the first quarter of 2023, the company ' s Māori sales ratio and net sales have continued to optimize its product structure, expanding to materials and modules in addition to reducing low-value-added assembly operations.
The volatility is relatively small, and in some ways contributes to the company’s fundamental resilience. Fourth, the company’s layout in other areas is gradually spreading, and the second growth curve is gradually taking shape. Figure 35: Māori sales in companies and consumer electronics (1q20 ~ 1q23)
Figure 36: Net interest rate on sales in the corporate and consumer electronics industries (1q20 - 1q23) Figure 37: Corporate product solutions to build smart plants as vehicles from R & D, molding,
From stainless steel, aluminium alloys to titanium alloys, from cnc to car platinum, composite processing techniques, from sand spraying, polishing to pvd and anodes, are fully applied to automated production equipment.
Various surface processes, such as oxidation, combined with independently developed self-based, network-based new industrial models that provide the consumer electronics industry with critical kinetic and visual detection techniques
Smart manufacturing links become core, enhance the competitiveness of core products, and inch and appearance are demanding, sophisticated metal pieces, which are core suppliers to high-end mobile brand customers both at home and abroad.
Focusing on electronic consumer module assembly solutions, with no specific focus on iron-oxymagnetic materials, research and development of new materials, production and wire charged modules, radiation modules, backlight modules, radio frequency modules,
Sales, mainly covering various product lines, such as permagnetic iron oxygen components, flexible magnetic iron oxygen linear motors and keyboards.
The products are sold to Japan, Europe and America, Hong Kong, Taiwan and other countries, with the advantage of world-renowned electric producers and electronics companies #3: Big clients work together steadily and Applemr is expected to open up the imagination.
The company’s customers cover consumer electronic head enterprises. In the Apple chain, parts are often supplied by a zero-component supplier, and assembled by a whole-office assembler.
Figure 38: The company’s position in the apple chain, Figure 39: The company’s position in the chain of other head consumer electronics companies
The Purchase of Assets & Associated Transactions Report revealed that the top five clients of the 201H1 company were Fushcom, Suk, Raesco Technology, Lancet Technology, Burns Group, with 65,65% of revenue. As of the company’s latest announcement, 2022, the top five clients had 58 million Apple smartphones, with a share of 21,50%, compared with a share of +3.34 pt.
In this case, Applefy23q2 received $94.84 billion during the season, a decrease of 2.53 per cent over the same period; net profit was $24.16 billion, a decline of 3.40 per cent over the same period, and performance was more stable. We believe that three major factors are: Apple innovation has a better consumer resonance, and the iPhone high-level has been significantly upgraded in terms of batteries, cameras, etc.
Apples play a great role in emerging markets, and emerging markets, such as South Asia, India, Latin America, and the Middle East, perform strongly. Andres has been further dragged down by the industry, showing the stability of the apple market on its side.
Figure 41: Delivery by major mobile operators (1q21-1q23 million) Figure 42: Apple income composition (fy1q16~fy2q23 billion US dollars)
Ifixit disassembly, with a large number of zero components iphone and ipad in the apple terminal product, the material involved in pressurization, plastics, molding, cnc, etc., is responsible for optical, conductive, microphone, structure, radiating, etc.
Figure 44: ipad disassembly. Figure 45: iPhone13pro disassembly.
The amount is only $3.11, while in iphonex (published in 2017), a single cell phone has already reached $16.94. Looking ahead, as companies work more closely together, and at the same time advance research and development, it is possible to import more products and upgrade the single machine.
After many years of programming, Applemr is expected to land in 2023. The company is expected to use the core of the cards to add additional energy to long-term growth.
Traditional robotics are fast-changing, technology drives intelligent processes. As multi-modular sensing systems, kinetic models, in-depth studies, positioning navigation, and so on, the landscape of sub-robots is becoming more diverse and intelligent, as a result of the progressive development of a variety of smart technologies, such as multi-module sensing systems, dynamic models, in-depth learning, positioning navigation, etc.
In 2020, China’s smart robot market reached 16.8 billion yuan, despite exogenous factors such as the epidemic, and the robot industry remains relatively depressed in the overall economic environment.
In 2021, the market reached 25 billion. Repeated outbreaks of the epidemic gave rise to a healthy trend in the entire robotic industry in terms of demand for artificialization, automation, intellectual productivity, and labour.
Figure 48: Mapping of the intelligent robotics industry Figure 49: Size of China ' s smart robot market (2019-2025e)
Agricultural robots medical robots security robots.
Surgery, rehabilitation, elitehobot.
Tinavi Tianjitian
Jaka credit ammina swinthekcl annfou
Bozhonethe moving, moving class, number of robots at 2 o'clock.
hrstek QuickTron geek+ faststand
Public service robot imirol ekeenon
@epsher estun() west slope technologydox
## Weibond slam (pittprectures)
The machine's vision, step.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
River clouds and noises, velocities, a server system.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Two hundredwhohzd slamtecindiance si/isun ♪
Head manufacturing + advanced technology to explore new opportunities for smart robots. The fully-owned subsidiary Shenzhen City's Shenzhen Smart Technology Ltd. signed a memorandum of understanding with Hansonroboticslimited (Hansen Robotic Technology, Hong Kong) on 10 May to collaborate on the optimization of the design of human robots, quantitative production testing, etc.
Man created famous human robots, Sophie, the first robot in history to acquire citizenship. By modifying the performance, reliability, and cost-effectiveness of a good human robot, the puppies are expected to optimize their output and become the main authorized manufacturer of Hansen.
Automobiles: acquisition of Jintai electronics, introduction of precision power cell units Automobiles: new energy vehicles are growing steadily, power cell output is growing rapidly, new energy cars are growing rapidly, and demand for power cells is constantly being pulled. In recent years, the State has developed a series of policies to support new energy.
Developments in the source automobile industry, such as the New Energy Automobile Industry Development Plan (2021-2035), the Carbon Reachings Programme by 2030, have created good development opportunities and space for the industry, and have accelerated the spread and spread of new energy vehicles. According to China ' s electric car sales data, in 2022 China sold a total of 6.872 million electric vehicles, a year-on-year increase.
95.95. In 2023, China ' s electric motor vehicle sales are expected to increase by 23.64 per cent, or more than 9 million. In 2022, China ' s power cell output was 480gwh, a factor of one increase compared to the previous year.
Batteries are growing rapidly in sophisticated structures, and the size of the market will continue to expand in the future. The growing demand for new energy vehicles and power cells, benefiting from growing consumer awareness of new energy vehicles, supportive policies, and optimization of infrastructure, continues to drive the rapid growth of the global market for sophisticated structures of new energy vehicles.
The energy density, the range of operating temperatures, charging efficiency, safety, etc. of new-energy car batteries will be increased faster, and the demand for sophisticated high-end structures from future new-energy car battery manufacturers will increase. The precision structure is an important component of power cells. The new-energy vehicle-powered lithium batteries will be separated from four major materials (positive material, negative material).
In addition to materials, diaphragms, electrolysis fluids, there are sophisticated structural elements consisting mainly of aluminium/steel casings, lids, connectors (positive or negative extreme soft connections, battery soft connections) and so forth, which are the main compositions of lithium batteries and lithium batteries. The precision structural elements of lithium batteries have a direct impact on the safety, isolation, energy efficiency, etc.
The power lithium cell structure is required to have high-size accuracy, high surface mass, high performance requirements, etc. Figure 54: Typical lithium cell structure map Figure 55: Cost structure of lithium cell material
These components require a high degree of connectivity, seismic resistance, evaporation, corrosion resistance, disturbance resistance, electrostatic resistance, etc. depending on the application environment.
China has a 70% market for structural units, a market size of 3.1 billion yuan in 2017, a market size of 18.1 billion yuan in 2021, representing 71% of the global total, and a market size that continued to expand to 338 billion yuan in 2022.
Lithium battery demand will continue to expand, and the lithium cell structure will open up to a wider development space, with intellectual research consulting predicting that the market size of our lithium cell structure in 2025 will exceed $78 billion.
In 2021, the company acquired Jintai Zhejiang, a battery structure product, such as aluminium casings, lids, transcouples, and other sophisticated car-related structures, such as flexible soft connections, plastics, etc., and has now been built into production bases in Lake States, Suzhou, Xiaoyang, Fukudang and Chengdu, which have competitive advantages in precision manufacturing, R & D design capabilities and help meet them.
The head customers work together for a long time to develop the industry. The subsidiary Zhejiang Jintai is a major international customer in the new energy automobile industry and a supplier of domestic customer structures, with the support of the parent company, from finance, R & D, quality, production, order delivery, etc.
There are strong guarantees for clients, and there is a wider and deeper cooperation. By doing so, companies move into the area of new energy cars, implement a business development strategy for companies, further expand the business layout and lay a solid foundation for companies to continue their future development in the area of new energy vehicles.
By extending and expanding the business map, collaborating in long-term development. With the company’s experience in consumer electronics for more than 20 years, and its long-standing work with large clients, it has been active in developing new energy markets, creating new energy production bases, and producing battery-structured products.
These include the integration of resources, cooperation between companies and affiliated companies and professional investment agencies, and the development of industries that benefit from business synergies and capital additions, such as the new energy strategy of companies and the direction of industrial development, the provision of diversified investment channels for companies, the reserve of high-quality project resources, the further improvement of the efficiency and profitability of the use of funds and the enhancement of the overall overall competitiveness of companies.
Photovoltaics: Overseas Dragonhead Business, Power Reverser Markets Photovoltaics: Energy Substitution Accelerating, with a continuous high load of photovoltaic machines both inside and outside the sea growing rapidly. To advance the “carbon neutral” climate goal, several countries have turned solar energy on.
Employing as the main task of medium- and long-term energy development strategies and planning. Driven by the multiple impacts of good policies and the growth of demand for sustainable energy, Frost Sullivan expects the global photovoltaic inverter to reach 579.3gw in 2026, with a combined annual growth rate of 22.6% from 2022 to 2026, the photovoltaic industry is home to the country.
To gain global competitive advantage and achieve end-to-end safe and manageable key emerging industries, China's Federation of Electricity Enterprises estimates that in 2023 we will have 100gw light voltage, distributed photovoltaic power is an important development. Net photovoltaic power can be divided into centralized and distributed forms.
Lower grades, shorter transmission routes, ease of installation, simple secondary equipment for power stations, effective solutions to the loss and depletion of electricity during lifts and long distances from transmission, better suited for maintenance and use, a new type of integrated power generation and energy use with broad development prospects, the mainstream of grid-connected electricity generation in developed countries and the direction in which national policies are strongly supported.
Over the past three years, we have experienced a similar growth rate of 27.21%/88.65%/74.58%, and in 2022 the distribution volume has reached 51.11gw, significantly exceeding the centralized capacity of 36.29gw, with a ratio of more than half the number of light-voltage machines in the country. With the rise of well-net regulations and the arrival of Chinese companies, future distribution machines, or facing a new round of competition and card-shuffling in the industry.
Micro-reversers are highly suitable for medium- and small-scale distributed photovoltaic systems. Reversers are one of the core components of a photovoltaic power station, which can significantly improve overall efficiency by converting the variable current voltage generated by photovoltaic solar panels into a municipal electricity frequency exchange, feedback back to commercial transmission systems or off-grid tiles, features that allow independent mppt control of each component, and also the ability to increase overall efficiency.
Avoiding the advantages of a centralized inverter with direct flow high pressure, weak light effects, barrel effects, high system safety, high power efficiency, high reliability and high flexibility.
Microreverser systems Centralized or chained inverter systems Photovoltaic systems with centralized or string inverters present "short panel effect"
Photovoltaic systems using microreversers should be used. The power of the entire output of a component is limited by the power of a single component.
Micro-reversers have increased their application in distributed photovoltaic systems. With their low-pressure access properties, micro-reversers have effectively addressed the previously stated risks in distributed photovoltaic systems and increased the safety of photovoltaic systems.
Several local governments, including Beijing and Shenzhen, have adopted regulations relating to safety on the distributed direct-flow side. In the context of downstream application of the emphasis on the risk of direct-flow high pressure and policy support, micro-reversers have a wide market space as reverse transformers capable of achieving component-level control.
The company relies on foreign heads to raise its share by the wind, and the company has a stable partnership with overseas leader enphase. Enphase is the global dragon in the field of photovoltaic microrevertors, based in the United States, and provides, inter alia, mini-reversers, energy batteries and corresponding intelligence to users in the United States and Europe.
In the last three years, $774.13.82.2331 million has been collected, with a compound rate of growth, and companies have acquired Selcon to move overseas to provide micro-reversers. The main product of the PV plate is micro-reversers, working with enphase in cooperative development, production, etc., through Indian subsidiaries in Selcon under the banner.
Production bases, which provide miniature light-voltage inverters. Figure 69: Global shipments of major microreversibles (2018-2021). Photovoltaic storage excursions, showing performance growth points. Companies as global leaders in consumer electronics high precision and miniaturized parts
And model suppliers, with a deep accumulation of smart ideas, automation, intelligence, scalable supply and matching capabilities in the consumer electronics sector, have a strong synergy between photovoltaic storage operations and their original operations. In 2022, intelligent photovoltaic storage operations have seen rapid growth in revenues and a better level of Māori rates and net interest rates. In the future, it is expected that investment in photovoltaics will continue to grow, integrating and competing.
It is hoped that new business opportunities will be opened through the further development of magnetic product lines. We have selected the rich, sophisticated, flying, kodali, and yakki shares as comparable companies, 2023e/2024e/2025e.
Consumer electronics sector demand is not as high as expected: the consumer electronics industry, which is currently the downside risk of companies receiving major electric vehicle sales: electric cars are the direction of important new company layouts, and their growth may be hampered if demand for them falls short of expectations.
vr/ar has not developed as much as expected: vr/ar is an important innovation direction for consumer electronics in recent years, which, if not developed as expected, can result in less than expected business in some parts of the business.
The demand for photovoltaic operations is not as high as expected: if the photovoltaic industry goes down, it may drag the company’s PV plates. Prep, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit designs. Subgroups, then joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group in November 2022, looking at optical, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.