The electrolytic fluids are very strong, penetrating the fabric, building the new carrier of lithium electrical materials.
In 2016, Yeung Jom, a global electrolytic liquid tap company, released more than 20,000 tons of electrolytic fluid.
The next 6,000 tons of Lipf6 liquids and 2,000 tons of Lipf6 crystals will double the electrolytic fluid production. Liu Woo-doo’s performance is largely due to the full price increase achieved after the penetrating layout of the electrolytic liquids industry chain up and down.
The competitiveness of the lfp product is expected to rediscover the top-down and bottom-up penetrating layouts. The company has in the past achieved high returns for the company in the upper-and-down penetrating layouts of the electrolytic liquid chain, producing self-soluble Lipf6 for electrolysis.
The cost control of the fluids is huge, and it effectively enhances the competitiveness of the market. The share of Jiang So-chung's distribution of carbon, the chain of acid lithium industry, and the recapitalization of Ed's structure are positive, with an increase of 30,000 tons of pre-year-old phosphate-disrupted iron, which has been released in recent years. In essence, the company has also drilled the lfp material up and down.
The three-dollar layout is very much in line with industrial upgrading, and customer value re-engineering opens up a huge positive market space. The Directory of Recommended Vehicles for the Extension of New Energy Vehicles (second batch) was launched in March.
The three-dollar lithium bus has been selected, showing that the three-dollar car has made a substantial break in passenger vehicle applications, while the three-dollar lithium battery has a larger share of the entire catalogue, both by car and by car, indicating that there is a huge market space for the three-dollar lithium power application. The company recently planned to deliver 25,000 tonnes/year.
Three positive poles, plus 35,000 tonnes/year of lfp capacity, amounting to a total of 60,000 tonnes of annual capacity. Compared to more than 40,000 tonnes of electrolyte capacity, the full release of the company ' s electrolytic energy capacity was estimated at 1:1.7 and the demand for positive materials for lithium-electric customers was greater than 70,000 tonnes/year, exceeding the company ' s current plan.
So the positive market space for electrolyte customers is huge, and the re-valued and high-quality product production is the key to future performance eruptions.
Tianchi material (002.009): The electrolytic fluid high song is positive, the penetrating layout creates a new carrier of lithium electric materials. 1. The “penetrating layout” re-creates the positive pole growth point, the massive lithium-material carrier is launched with a clear space in the new energy vehicle market, which will strongly boost the demand for lithium-based materials.
Medium- and Long-term Development Plan for the Car Industry, which specifies that by 2020, the annual production of new energy vehicles will reach a base of 2 million vehicles, and that if the sales of 2 million vehicles in 2020, the combined growth rate for 2017-2020 will be more than 40 per cent, increasing at an optimistic rate, which will strongly boost the “heart” lithium power of new energy vehicles and upstream raw materials.
Corporate corporate development strategies are clear, reshape customer values, and the penetrating layout is replicated from electrolyte to positive. The company first stabilizes the lead sheep of the electrolyte, constantly develops the production capacity of new solubles, extension solubles, and electrolytes.
The body phosphate iron goes to the positive product lfp to form the penetrating layout of the lfp. The firm's current progress in the positive area is still accelerating, with an investment framework agreement signed in early March with the Taiwan state government to create a new three-ton tri-polar material producing 25,000 tons of lfp and 25,000 tons of tri-polar material, with an annual production capacity of 10,000 tons of lfp and future synergy among electrolyte clients.
The positive market space opened by the effects is huge, and it is the company's failure to restore customer value and achieve high-quality production of positive and polar products.
Tian Chi material (002009): The electrolytic fluid high song is strong, and the penetrating layout creates a new carrier of lithium electric materials. The network of sales of lithium electric materials is divided into two major parts: (1) the Great South Region, centred on Guangzhou, covering the provinces and cities, including Guangdong, Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, Hubei, etc.; (2) the Great East Region, centred on Nanjing, covering the province.
Xinxi, Ningxia, Gansu, Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, etc.
2. The ratio of lithium electric materials to the ratio is rising and the profits are rising. The company performed well in 2016 and the raw materials were well-placed to highlight its advantages.
During the reporting period, the company achieved revenues of 1,837 million yuan, an increase of 94.25 per cent over the same period, which was due to the steady growth of two major businesses and the growth of the electrolytic fluids in 2016 through the development of the new energy automobile industry. The personal care materials business contributed to the expansion of the new business as a result of the increased competitiveness of the products.
Three hundred and ninety-five million yuan, or 296.87 per cent more than the previous year, was due mainly to the high cost advantage associated with the layout of the materials upstream of the electrolyte, while the effects of the size of the personal care items resulted in improvements in Maori and performance compensation for the failure of the fully funded subsidiary, Dong Kai-Shin. From 2015, lithium electric materials accounted for a large share of the total revenue.
With the gradual release of soluble, electrolyte, and lfp and tri-dollar positive auroral capacity in 2016, which had reached 66% by the first half of the year, the growth of the company is expected to accelerate.
Tianchi material (002009): The electrolytic fluids are high and the penetrating layout creates a new carrier of lithium electric materials 3. The new energy vehicle industry has increased its threshold, the recovery has increased its subsidy below the threshold after the clean-up of raw materials, and policies have introduced new demands on energy intensity and cost.
In 2015 and 2016, there was an outbreak of growth, and despite the impact on the industry in 2016, the industry has been back on track for healthy and benign development following the government clean-up. On December 30, 2016, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Labour and Communications and the CSD issued a joint circular on the adjustment of fiscal subsidies for the use of new energy vehicles for the promotion of cars.
From 2017 to 2020, all new energy vehicle subsidy standards except fuel cell cars were rolled back, with a 40% reduction from year to year. The 2017 policy was put in place in time for the Ministry of Information and Technology to publish the first and second editions of the catalogue of recommended vehicles for the promotion of new energy vehicles on 23 January and 2 March, respectively, worth mentioning.
The selection of three-dollar lithium buses in two batches led to a substantial three-dollar breakthrough in bus applications, while three-dollar lithium electricity accounted for a larger proportion of the catalogue in the area of passenger and specialized vehicles, indicating a trend of three dollars. On the same day, the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the CDRC, the Ministry of Science and Technology, and the Ministry of Finance issued a joint Action Programme for Promoting the Development of the Automotive Battery Industry.
It was noted that the 2020 cost target for power cells was adjusted from RMB/wh to RMB/wh, with an energy density target of 260wh/kg, with higher cost and technical requirements for lithium electrolyte development.
In the two years of concentrated release, one need to be alarmed by the excessive homogenization of the industry, resulting in a sharp fall in product prices of 250,000 tons. The price of triple-dollar materials rose significantly in the first quarter, from 150,000 to 200,000 tons at the beginning of the year, mainly because of the higher cost of cobalt metals. Lithium phosphate fell from 100,000 yuan to 90,000 tons at the beginning of the year.
4. Increasing the value of the customer viscous re-engineering, positive and electrolyte co-benefits, and increasing concentration will give rise to oligopoly, and electrolyte and positive material dual product binding services will increase the client's stickyness.
In 2016, 80% of the new vehicle sales contributed more than 20 car types, corresponding to only 20 lithium companies. The former 5 accounted for more than 60% of the industry’s output.
The trend towards faster expansion, stronger players, has highlighted the fact that the concentration of the industry has increased and will eventually leave a few big lithium companies in the market. At this stage, high-quality tap lithium companies will become large customers in the future, and their super-capacity will create a huge demand for upstream materials, and companies will be able to produce positive materials while meeting customers' needs for electrolyte.
Greater market space and opportunities will be faced, as the weight of positive materials in lithium is about 1.7 times higher than that of electrolyte, and the prices of lfp and triad are 100,000 and 190,000 tons, respectively, with a high output value. In the form of intense competition in the lithium-powered materials industry, higher value-added services can be provided to customers.
High-quality electrolyte and high-quality positive material bundled for sale will increase the client’s dependence on the company. We believe that customer stickyness is a top priority, especially now that customers will become future lithium powerhouses, and that client synergies will open up a huge positive material market for companies.
Research and development of new lithium salt and electrolyte products determines future heights. The company ' s 300-ton/year medium-test line project for lithium salt has been put into operation to lay the foundation for future 2,000-ton/year capacity releases. Given the increasing energy density of lithium batteries and the rising ratio of three-dollar lithium electricity, future electrolyte requirements will increase in terms of performance and safety.
The company’s dynamic layout of lifsi, litdi, Lipf2 new lithium salt, and the continuous development of new electrolyte formulations are more likely to open up in the future than the industry’s upward trend. The company’s pioneering thinking in the positive poles is similar to that of the electrolytic fluids, i.e., penetrating the layout.
The company’s experience in the field of electrolytic fluids may accelerate positive business development, with the potential for over-expected performance. In addition to its strong technological development capabilities, the company has gradually started large-scale planning and future postnatal protocols.
The simulator effect of the financial boom in the East will reduce production costs and increase competitiveness. In terms of production, the by-product of sulphur produced in the production of Lipf6 can be used in the pre-dump iron phosphate process, thus avoiding additional economic and environmental costs.
In 2017, the company ' s electrolytic liquid production capacity will double its profits, while in 2017 it will release part of its performance contribution, and in 2018, three dollars and two hundred and twenty-five tons of its respective capacity will be released.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East (002709); the source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Yang Jomu, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, is good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
Singapore’s Management University, Master of Finance, cfa holder, has been working at China’s Gold Company since 2013 and joined the East Hing Securities Corporation since 2016.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.