Launching of the Medium-Term Profit Scheme to Increase the Long-Term Return of Shareholders - The Five Grains (000858.sz) Incident Review Report, 28 November 2024, release of the Medium-Term Profit Distribution Plan 2024
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn produces medium-term profit distribution plans to boost shareholder returns.
• Performance of shareholder return planning, highlighting the fact that a company assumes a share of the total annual cash share in the net profits of the parent in the current year.
70%, not less than 20 billion yuan (including taxes); the company’s annual cash share can be implemented one or more times (i.e. annual, medium-term, special). We appreciate the firm’s determination to maintain the price system, the confidence of the channel is being restored, and the public is being accelerated.
Lower macroeconomic risk, less than expected growth in the season, less than expected price in the batch 2, Five Grain fluids (000858): slightly more than the “stable” tone of performance, building on the force of “progress”
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The basics of the shares, seeking medium- and long-term equity opportunities, are good at capturing short- and medium-term potential; they think hard about white wine, and they have deep market-based thinking and insight into Sou wine, which is sub-high-end white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of study in the food and beverage industry, Hong Kong Chinese University, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.