The growth rate of the harvest was high, and efforts were made to boost consumption demand at the terminal — the third quarter of 2024, when the G5 was evaluated, was reduced to a single-digit level, and the annual growth rate was reduced to a single-digit number:
The same rise is 0.08 pct. The fall in the company's income during the single season is clear, and the firm is determined to implement the marketing approach of “crowding, stabilizing prices, raising costs, shifting costs” by promoting marketing controls and maintaining two-fold growth in the Māori rate net interest rate. • Sustained dynamic brand culture is built, multiplatforms are invested in consumer development, and “1+3” products are structured
The system, its efforts to boost the demand for the distribution of the terminal, our industry continues to grow in a crowded fashion, stock competition is accelerating, market shares are becoming more concentrated, brands and price competition are becoming more intense, and the structural division of the industry is becoming more evident.
Large-scale investment in terminal channels and distributors to boost sales to boost demand for terminal consumption. Companies build markets around channel ecology, and promote firm support, excellence, and power: through continued promotion of the “three-storey” building, in line with the overall thrust of their work on “Standing in the Middle East, with a view to achieving stability, efficiency gains, and multiplicity of contributions”.
Market order continues to be purified, and the market base is further strengthened by strengthening brand structures, optimizing regional layouts, marketing model reforms, brand culture, and improved access. Companies organize and take their names to various events, and continue to highlight platforms such as the Asian Forum, apec, etc.
The company has built a system of “1+3” products, and the company will continuously optimize its product structure; it has recently re-established a new market of 45 degrees,
Two 68-degree products have achieved full coverage of the inter-generational series of products at 39°, 45°, 52°, 68°, and five-degree products, which will be followed by more high-quality, differentiated products, in keeping with changing consumption trends.
" The Quantum Balance Strategy works, the demand side will meet the norm " 2020-08-30.
The Division “strongly recommends” ratings, competition increases the cost of business operations, fiscal policy reforms, food safety risks, etc.