The Food and Beverage Group has been working on the promotion year for marketing, in collaboration with solid-based growth.
Twenty-four years of marketing progress and looking ahead to 25 years of marketing planning. 24 years of company is defined as the “year of marketing implementation”, during which: 1) product end, company re-entering market value (RMB): $143.55
The city has 45 degrees, 68 degrees and 5 degrees of food fluid, and has published the classic five-food fluid series and more than a dozen original products. 2) At the end of the channel, the “three shops” have been built with remarkable success, and their layout has been optimized, with 138 new specialized stores, 5 experience shops, 490 and United States conglomerates upgraded to 715 fifth.
1. “Five Grain Company Ratings: Performance Meets Expectations, Red Plan Up to 70%”, Leisure Party Markets, nearly 30,000 brand parties, 30% increase from the previous year, Cumulative Services 2. “Five Grain Company Ratings: q2 is slightly over-expected and repayments are bright.”
More than 6 million times: the bottle-opening of food and wine is more than 40 per cent of the same, and the feast is more than the same. 3. “Five Grain and Liquid Corporations: a slightly higher than expected performance, focusing on the effectiveness of marketing reforms”, 25 years ahead, defined as “the Year of Marketing Implementation” and insisted on “enhanced product movement”.
Marketing, enhancement of channels, enhancement of service capabilities, upgrading means continuing to strengthen and enhance synergies with organizational teams, channels, etc. (1) At the end of the product, the company insists on a balance in the quantity of the product, and guarantees reasonable profits for the distributors.
First. Full implementation of a "one-size-fits-all, one-size-fits-all" approach, enhanced tactical synergy between products such as 39 degrees and 1618 and the eight-dip-five core monolith: building a classic five-food liquid model market, etc.) at the end of the channel, companies focus on excellence, suppliers, champions, strong players, and share the company's interests
For P5 purposes, the company will continue to optimize fully the cost of the eight main channels, which will be guaranteed.
Consistency of national market inputs to prevent policy discounts; and increased support and support in line with the market. In addition, improved regulatory channels will be used to reduce the number of dealers with a relatively large share of default sales, with a severe lack of end-of-service capacity and repeated restructuring.
Low planning volume, redrawing distribution areas, and recalculating terminals. Overall, companies are steadily consolidating the advantage of increasing the corresponding price bands for core products, with annual cash shares of no less than 70% and no less than $20 billion (tax-bearing) and dividends.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Macroeconomic stress risk; industry policy risk; food safety risk.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market