Rationalizes the pace of business and promotes marketing enforcement.
Investment rating: better than the big market (maintenance)
Events: On 18 December 2024, the 28th 12th 18th Co-contribution Congress was held under the theme “Consolidation, response, Republic and United States” to take stock of the 2024 marketing effort, deploy the 2025 guidelines, strengthen channels and market confidence.
The company defines 2025 as the Year of Marketing Implementation Upliftment, where there are still growth dynamics in products, channels, and markets, while the company actively promotes marketization, managerial capacity, and long-term growth. The company’s share of the 1,000-bit share has expanded, and the price increases are expected to increase.
* Summary of work carried out in 2024: Year of marketing implementation, improved product systems, improved producer relations, inadequate macroeconomic and consumer energy, increased competition in the white wine industry in 2024, firm efforts around brands, products, markets, quality, and industrial relations, and the promotion of high-quality marketing. 1) In the product system, the "1+3" product system continues to be optimized by the P5 brand.
Tactical products, LSD 1618 and 39 degrees, have continued to grow, alleviating the pressure of the eighth generation on the balance of the price of the LCF; the series of wines have continued to be strengthened, with bottle-scanting products such as the spring of five grains growing by more than 40 per cent and the feast increasing by more than 50 per cent, respectively. (ii) On the channel layout, the Quadros have promoted the construction of the “Three Shops” with the addition of 138 new stores and 5 cultural experience stores and 490 conglomerates and 2 large alcoholics, upgraded throughout the year.
The construction of 715 fifth-generation special stores with new booster terminals of 16,000 per year + 18.2 per cent.3 In the context of the vendor relationship, the eighth-generation ICF is price-resistance balanced by proactive and enhanced channel support in response to peripheral demand and weak batch prices; the fifth-grade ICF 1618 and 39-degree ICF is suitably enhanced in terms of red-packing, feast incentives, etc.: this year, the number of distributors ' congress awards has increased, taking into account the level of incentives for dealers and dealers of different sizes.
Work in 2025: Promotion of marketing, enhancement of products, channels, services, promotion of market share, re-alignment of brand value
Increased product scarcity: IFF 1618 and 39 degrees continue to grow in a benign manner through deep consolidation in niche markets and expansion of vulnerable markets; the classic five-food fluids build up highland markets with small-scale and targeted development of alcohol. 2) Market building continues to intensify the construction of “three stores one” and is expected to build 120 new stores and upgrade single-point profitability throughout the year, expanding new and emerging channels such as electricity suppliers, new retailing, etc.
(3) With regard to the management of overseas market products, organizations, channels and channels, companies actively contribute to solving the issue of revenue from the eighth-generation five-generation food pipelines, with clear indications that cost inputs are optimized and that national policy arbitrage is applied consistently; process appraisals are strengthened to delay, reduce or cancel payment incentives for low-quality vendors. 4) Organizational management is strengthened, market-based management is enhanced, and list-plus systems are introduced to ensure that everyone has targets and individual tasks, and further advances are made.
In the second half of 2024, the firm adjusted its double-digit targets for the beginning of the year in the context of market marketing rationally; benefiting from high-quality performance in the first quarter, it may still be able to achieve high-digit growth throughout the year.
Leisure channels, business confidence boosts, and is now more motivated by the spring of 2025. Looking forward to 2025, when the eighth generation will see a small increase in the volume of the fluids, the price increase will gradually reflect the end of the statement, with a steady release of the fluids 1618 and 39 degrees and a supplement to the creative products; the penetration of the niche markets, the empty market layout, and the space for new products and foreign markets, or a small income contribution.
The demand for the scene is warming, and the price of the batch is expected to rise as the first thousand-dollar brand. Companies value capital market returns, 2024-2026, with less than expected recovery in macroeconomics and demand; industrial policies, such as consumer taxes; food safety issues, etc. Five grain fluids (000858.sz) - deep brands, product bottoms, etc. - 2024-05-27
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject