The marketing and promotion of the annual brand share was promoted by two sides: 18 December 2024, the 28th 12th-18th meeting of the co-sponsors of the "Commonwealth of the Republic of the United States of America" was successfully held. The company is about to complete its main year successfully.
Looking back at 24 years: product matrix marketing implementation year, with a marketing approach of “cragging sales, asking prices, raising costs, turning \triangleright”, the main brand continues to optimize the product system of 1+3 and the terminal node continues to be encrypted.
At the end of the product: 15 grain staples promote supply-side structures centred on alcohol and process innovation, and low-level combinations of "Dingle + Scanning Red Pack + Terminal rankings" have resulted in increased sales and double-deep feasts; the entire series of classic five-food fluids has been re-listed to create the classic five-food fluids up north.
Deep in four high and low model markets, the brand style is promoted. 2 series of wines: open bottles for more than 40%, the Royal Sea for more than 50%, the waist matrix is perfect, and the market share is rising steadily.
More than 12 billion cards were exposed, reaching over 7.7 billion people on five continents around the world.
490/715. A total of 16,000 new terminals, or +18.2%, have been added to the market for the feasts, and 1.5 grain fluids (000585.sz) have been reported for three quarters of 2024:
\triangleright 2.5 grain fluids (000585.sz) reported in mid-2024:
Focus on five-power upgrading: 1 product enhancement; 2 branding enhancement; 3 channel enhancement (advance farming, consolidation of traditional channels + expansion of emerging channels + improvement of international channels); 4 city capacity upgrading 4 year-round reviews: steady lifting, focus on marketing implementation
Quantities balance is a top priority. Companies will control costs, markets, etc.
(b) Integrated approaches in the areas of governance, optimized channels, optimized channel costs, increased support for key markets and weak markets for consistent national market inputs, and incentives for distributors to do their utmost to raise the level of profitability and confidence in their operations.
Investment proposals: company brand power leads in dry dollar prices, leading products such as General V and 1618, leading to research findings in methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, the conclusions are not motivated or influenced by any third party, and researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.