Year of Marketing Upliftment, Stability Overtakes - The Fact-Evaluation Report of the Five Grains (000858.sz) Inc. On December 18, 2024, the Five Grains Conference was held in Yingbin, Sichuan.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn — 2024 marketing year, five battles, 2024 marketing year, five battles: 1) image uplifting
In the battle, brand value was further enhanced; 2) the share was raised and the strategy was to release the classic five-food series and speed up the construction of the old five-food market; the wine series continued to be made of a single product, perfecting the sub-high product matrix; 3) the market was expanded.
In the battle, the channels are being optimized (138 more specialized stores, 5 more experienced shops, 490 more American conglomerates, 715 more specialized stores, 16,000 more advanced end-of-service marketing services).
Further boosted. 5) Profited up and fought, vendor relations advanced  2025 marketing promotion year, focusing on five major areas 2025 marketing promotion year, focusing on five areas: 1) focused quality adherence
Innovating, doing all it can to upgrade the product: continuously increasing the production of famous wine, enhancing technological and intellectual innovation, increasing the scarcity and value of products. 2) Focusing on the precision of branding, doing all it can to upgrade brand power: making a culture of fine branding, talking about good things.
Card stories, increased brand voice. 3) Focusing on the market, working hard to build up channels: consolidating traditional channels (focusing on vulnerable markets, consolidating niche markets, expanding the match market, building up the highland market, building up the tri-stores, adding new ones.
More than 120 specialized stores) to expand new and emerging channels (Model 1 for Regulating Electric Channel Cooperation, Five Grains (000858): A strong fragrance, continuously increasing the market share of new retail self-employment channels and increasing the speed of product R & D
In the wake of the revival, the King of the Liquor looks forward to 2024 - and the ratio of sales to the new model of instant retailing on a pilot basis) and the improvement of international channels (optimizing the structure of the channel as the basic basis for a strong overseas Chinese consumer market). 4) Focusing on the market is fast.
2. " Five grains fluids (000858): launch medium-term rapid response to improve service capacity: good consumer culture (high-end leadership, young consumers), digital transformation, good cities.
3. " Five grains fluids (000858): Performance is in line with field service. 5) Management efficiency gains are brought together and efforts are made to boost implementation.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The basics of the shares, seeking medium- and long-term equity opportunities, are good at capturing short- and medium-term potential; they think hard about white wine, and they have deep market-based thinking and insight into Sou wine, which is sub-high-end white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of study in the food and beverage industry, Hong Kong Chinese University, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.