Food beverages, five grain fluids (000858) Slow income growth ring, split plan to boost confidence, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
The net profit to the mother was $24.93 billion, or +9.2 per cent; of this, single q3 achieved revenue of $17.270 billion, which was lower than external demand, and the income growth loop slowed down. There was pressure in the external consumption environment of 1,24q3, there was a drop in commercial and gift consumption, and there was less demand for dinners, such as weddings, than in the same period last year.
In the third quarter of the company's income growth ratio has slowed down. 2. At the end of the product, the company combines the amount and the price plate over a two-week period, the P5 continues fast and high turnover, with the most powerful sales in thousands, the bulk price has remained slightly volatile at $925-935, and the stock below is at a reasonable level.
Super-high-end, solid consumer growth. 3, at the end of the channel, during the two seasons, companies continued to increase prices, test prices and market maintenance, exercise control over some of the vulnerable provinces, guarantee price stability in the channel system. In addition, companies defined their return subsidy policy early in the fourth quarter, actively improving the profit margin of the channel, and effectively boosting the canal.
The Māori ratio has risen steadily and the cash flow has performed well. The Māori ratio of company single q3 has increased by 2.8 percentage points to 35.4 per cent over the same period, and profitability has remained stable. On the cash flow side, single q3 sales received $28.21 billion, equivalent to +18.7 per cent, contract liabilities at the end of the three quarters, equivalent to $7.07 billion, equal to +79.1 per cent, ring to 13.3 per cent, cash flows
• Quality marketing is steadily advancing and the long-term trend is unchanged. 1 - The firm has maintained the overall momentum of the last three quarters, implementing the marketing philosophy of “cracking sales, price stabilization, cost raising, switchover”, and high-quality sales of liquids and fragrances, highlighting strong growth resilience. 2 - Companies are actively engaged in marketing on a variety of topics.
The campaign increased branding influence by organizing 1,000 “and conglomerate dinners” in collaboration with the General Vision Day Spring and Mid-Autumn parties, and continued to increase brand visibility and reputation in collaboration with the Hunan Guardian. 3. The firm's active focus on investment confidence. 4. In the medium and long term, the company's strategic direction is clear, brand values and the market position of the U.S. Five market continues to improve.
The future will be accompanied by an economic recovery, a build-up of successful corporate reforms, promising sustained robust growth, a high degree of certainty about robust growth, a strong long-term configuration value, and a sustained “buy-in” rating. The King of Huixiang has made a steady move (2024-08-29).
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.