Quantified confidence in the distribution program - A report from the incident evaluation of the five grain fluids (000858.sz) issued on 30 October 2024, the three-monthly report of the five grain fluids.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn  good overall business and better sales returns +2.83 +0.22 pcts. Net cash flows are better off, with sales returns increasing by double digits
The main product performed well, and the distribution scheme boosted confidence 1, Five Grain fluids (000858): slightly outperformed.
On the product side, in July, the classic five-food fluids-wide product strategy was published; eighth-generation five-food products were expected to show excellent cash flow performance, 2024-08-Advanced bulk bulk prices overall; and the five-food fluids showed better performance on the brand side.
This year, in collaboration with the Gyeong-sun and autumn evenings, I have increased brand exposure, 2 and Lumpty-Five (000858): to continue to consolidate the "stable" tone and build up the "advanced" power.
; 1,000 “and American conglomerate” dinners in collaboration with Hunan Worm, increased by $202.4-06-30 billion (including taxes); annual cash transfers can be divided or repeated (i.e. annual, annual, annual, annual)
In the medium-term, it's been implemented to boost market confidence, and we're looking forward to the firm's determination to maintain the price system, to restore confidence in the channel, to accelerate public downside risk, to grow at less than expected, and to increase the price at less than expected.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The short- and medium-term potential is captured in the short-term; the hard work of thinking about the white wine plate, the deep-seated thinking and insight into the Sou wine is a sub-high-end white wine and soft-drink plate.
It reflects my research. I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.