:: Events of 19 December 2024: on 18 December, the 28th 12th 12th 18th Conference of Co-contributions was convened
To complete the 2024 “Year of Marketing Enforcement” exercise, the year 2025 has been designated as the “unfavourable environment of increased competition,” where companies struggled to fight five major battles. 1 is image uplifting, continuing to dig for brand culture, and raising the volume of publicity. 2 is share up fighting, 1618, 1618, 1618.
Thirty-nine degrees of product sales have continued to grow, 45 degrees, 68 degrees and a classic series have been re-listed, and the country's first old wine-proofing system has been launched, and the highball bubble has opened up, and the Korean market has been opened to better meet different levels of consumer demand.
• Promotion of an initiative to promote a better match between the planned quota and the sales capacity of the merchants, upgrading of 715 specialized stores, 138 new specialized stores (120 new ones planned for 2025) and 1.6 million new enhanced terminals (18.2 per cent increase).
5 is a profit-enhancing battle, with dynamic adjustments in the pace of delivery, the fight against counterfeiting and price-disrupting sales, and the regulation of marketing actions to ensure profit-making and a five-volume balance. The 2024-year approach calls for continued strengthening of product marketing, optimization, and service capacity.
1) Product side: P5 emphasises increased efforts to balance the volume price, i.e. scientific controls, dynamic adjustment of quotas; ii) harmonization of national policy inputs, avoidance of policy prescriptions, strengthening of process management (optimization process incentives to pay); iii) optimization of the distribution team and serious treatment of defaulters (decrease)
It is also necessary to build up a value system for the old five grains, to activate the old years' performance rating: marginal drops, rhythms, and demand for the wine market.
(c) In the area of services, the focus on market rapid response capacity will be streamlined, as will the five grains (000858), which will be evaluated in mid-2024:
The process is accompanied by a deeper market-based orientation, a higher human readiness of the marketing team, and a much more dynamic transition to a full-time performance test that will stimulate the entrepreneurial dynamism of staff officers.
• Focusing on the harmonization of prices and deepening institutional reforms. Due to weak demand for the Mid-Autumn Day, two-to-one power suppliers, and some stock-flowing at the end of the year, the price volatility has increased in recent months in five batches.
In this regard, we summarize the short-term tactical actions, which include 1618, low, the increment of cultural products, the expansion of the outlets of specialized shops/end/group purchasing, and the dynamic regulation of the volume of inputs. In the medium- and long-term, company 1 will be able to open up the Chen Wine market.
Two are intended to promote more dynamic endogenous energy in marketing by deepening the mechanisms for restructuring the product.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: the industry’s low valley is both a pressure period for rapid adjustment of alcohol and unbreakable.
In the event of an opportunity to start a business, the company is expected to use market-based tests, incentives, and promote a new business start-up. Considering the year-end demand, we fine-tune the 2024-26 net profit to the mother's three financial projections.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.