High-performance growth exceeded expectations, with 5g and a two-wheel-drive company issuing a 2019 performance report, with operating income of $1,165 million achieved in 2019, which is a year-on-year increase in high performance and increasing profitability. Company q4 is doing well and product structure is improving.
One step-by-step optimization, with business income of $394 million achieved by 2019q4, an increase of 74.34 per cent in the same year and 35.40 per cent in the ring; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by $80 million, or 202.41 per cent in the same year, or 52.69 per cent in the ring.
The Māori rate has increased significantly over the same period of the previous year, with net profits increasing significantly over the same period of the previous year. Moreover, the fourth quarter of zhouyu@cczq.com is usually a seasonally high company business, with new and existing customers generating higher increases.
The construction of 5g accelerated, and the light module operation opened up to an incremental market. In 2020, the operator ' s capital expenditure was gradually warming, with higher levels of certainty, with a projected increase of 12% over 19 years, 5g stations growing in speed and size, and industry ' s bottom inversion.
The introduction of the end led to an increase in the density of coverage of the 5g base station and a leap in the number of light communication modules; in addition, the 5g light transfer node port speed rate increased and the corresponding light modules changed and their value increased significantly. The company is the central supplier of communications and has entered the Nokia, Ericsson supply chain with high-speed light.
The continued downstream layout of modular products will drive further growth in business income. Fu Xinjun, with market upturns, is expected to release 400g products. Global cloud producers’ capital spending is warming and is expected to hold.
Until mid-2020, large data centres and network optimization will drive the demand for network equipment up. Tomahawk4, the high-speed roll-out chip, the switch chip and the light module are changing in a positive way, and companies are expected to enter the North American cloud company ' s industrial chain and 400g products are expected to be released.
In West Side, at 28 West Rixie Street, at 1000 Hengsheng Building, Lujiang Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-exempt trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business agreement with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.