This week's industry perspective: major policy changes, industry thinking ups and downs, new energy car market views: 1; policy reorientation is determined, and high-end links continue to be looked at. In terms of the pace of policy adjustment, it's still four quarters behind.
There will be a robbery; but because the current market is mainly in cars and is highly marketed, we expect it to be less obvious than before. What is more concerned is the impact of the new policy on the level of the year after tomorrow, which is currently seen as falling subsidies within the reach of the industry, but which will continue to lead to structural fragmentation; and policies that guide the industry to continue upgrading, and we expect that the vehicle-type industrial chain will be adapted over time or through technology.
More importantly, when the demand for industrial marketing increases, the gradual release of these high-quality productive capacities provides better performance elasticity for the future, with better investment opportunities, and we see the release of high-quality, low-cost materials and batteries, which will further lower the cost of the industry while matching the demand for high-end vehicles in the future.
These high-quality poles of development.2 The new energy vehicle investment perspective: the new policy is expected to give further impetus to the upgrading of the industry, focusing on high-end vehicle chains, with global resonance expected in 2019 and 2020. Specifically, we propose to tap investment opportunities in three areas: 1, 2.
Tesla, Jili, etc., are at the core of the chain of car industry: the Ningde era, Sanhua wisdom, etc.; 2, Barriers high in the chain of industry (Technology Barriers, Resource Properties, etc.): Ping Tailai, Engjee shares, etc., 3, Core and other links can be made: Biadi, New Zeus, etc.
3 Photovolts: 1 Policy Support Industry Upwards: Last week's Energy Agency Symposium released significant benefits for the industry, with the goal of planning a photovoltaic machine that is expected to be more hot spots, deep-seated, and of significant value to investors seeking absolute returns.
In the second half of the year, it started gradually, contributing to the industry. 2. Performance risks are initially released. From the publication of the three-quarters report, the photovoltage chain is profitable, pushing one to two shares. Weekly updates, if the offer remains the same, are critical to the future of the layout. Our latest silicon report and the Tonway stock depth report are our most important focus.
For the next three months, we're looking forward to the company, which is expected to become the leader and company of a new cycle of Internet access at a future price parity; we're sorting our investments in the future through silicon, which, in turn, will significantly win over the market for these stocks.
Silicon tablets, inverters, batteries, power stations, other links.
Itd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing has the ability to reserve more companies for the project.
5. Electricity equipment: expected re-emergence of super-high-voltage construction; combined with electricity modification, to look at domestic business applications, overseas markets, leading companies with remarkable excellence: overall, industry will recover in the medium to long term in 2018 and load will return to better levels, with offshore and decentralized wind power likely to be the bright spots of the future, but there are still pressures at the manufacturing end in terms of industry demand and demand, changes in the environment, as reflected in the Golden Wind technology tri-quarter report.
This pressure. Based on existing projects, the overall wind-out rate is improving and the economic benefits are improving; it is recommended that attention be paid to such poles as the Golden Wind technology. Developments are lower than expected. 3) The impact of such factors as safety accidents in electric vehicles and changes in photovoltaic technology.
Tonway shares (600438) 1, good root support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class taps fly back and forth. The company is listed mainly in feed business, and its chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, is a technocrat, highly valued pool of technology and talent, and has a strong sense of cost control.
The forward-looking layout began in 2006 with a photovoltaic block, and in 2016, the company acquisition group’s PV assets entered the PV field. In three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage; the “fishing one” power station achieved the organic integration of corporate agriculture with PV units. The company’s current equity structure concentrated on future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products), with wide scope for development.
2. Price-equal access to the Internet will drive a major expansion of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long term, there is a wide range of clean energy sources, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photo-voltage rate rate of return on the Internet, a model that we believe will gradually move the industry towards a new recovery and price-free Internet cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020.
Looking at the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution, with a large increase in concentration, is the most worthwhile, and that the advantages of corporate multi-crysilica operations are evident, and it is hoped that import substitution and industrial upgrading will continue. The country’s multi-crysilica imports accounted for 40% of its apparent consumption in 2017, and there is still much room for import substitution. Industry has high technology and cost thresholds, and it is expected that a new oligopoly pattern will emerge in the future.
Companies will maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, they will have completed the conversion of cold-hydrogens to energy-saving energy, while building a “chemical-PV” revolving economic chain, followed by continuous technological upgrading, optimization of processes, and clear cost and quality advantages.
The company now owns a battery plate with 5.4gw, the world’s highest output in 2017. With automated equipment applications and a very strong cost-control capability, the company has reduced the cost of battery processing to less than 0.3 w, maintaining a better profitability under current product price pressures.
By virtue of the quality of its high-quality products, the company has established long-term partnerships with nine of the world's top 10 component manufacturers and has secured good cash flows through the sale of zero-credit models. 5,543 drops in the strategy to speed up the process of accessing the Internet at par, and the next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” drop in power stations.
Over the years of this strategy, the combined cost of the power plant has now been reduced to within $5/w, and in 2019 it will be reduced to within $4/w or even $3/w. The company relies on a photovoltaic whole-sector layout with better cost control and quality than industry. The company owns more than 300,000 well-cooperative farmers, covering an area of 10 million acres of water, of which 4 million acres of ponds will support the installation of power plants at around 110gw and will develop a wide range of space in the next line.
The business development cycle, i.e. the price-free Internet cycle, is expected to lead to a better long-term cash flow for the company. \triangleright, 2018,105 tons of shares (600,438.sh) the head of the new light cycle, the night before the combined advantage
The gas industry chain, with special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions; the expansion of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power plants, with a thorough understanding of industrial chains, industry development and a wealth of resources; and the ability to tap investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth; Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for research in the new energy sector.
Electricity equipment and the new energy industry focus on the company Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, which has been approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is a study of the exclusive nature of the clients who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference for investment decisions of this group of customers. Both parties have strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.