Tonway shares (600438) Daily food consumption, beverages and tobacco 3-quarter reviews (600438) - performance is still excellent and production capacity is released on schedule
Events: The company issued its third quarter report in 2018, the company became operational in the first three quarters of 2018, the project was sound and the project was successful. In the first and third quarters of 2018, the company maintained good business development in an environment of critical international conditions, volatile industrial policies, and tight market funds.
In the agricultural sector, companies are growing steadily by optimizing the structure of their products, increasing the proportion of their strategic clients, and raising the value of high-product prices. In the light-voltage new energy sector, companies are in a state of high purity, crystallized silicon, solar cells, and sustained profitability. At present, 20,000 tons.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Ten thousand tons of high-purity silicon, 25,000 tons of high-purity silicon in Leisan, 2.3gw of high-efficiency solar energy in compost II, and 3.2gw of high-efficiency solar batteries in Chengdu.
The 12-month high/minimum 25,000-ton high-purity silicon project has been put into operation, and after a period of one to three months of operation, it will be up to 30,000 tons/year in real capacity. At the same time, the company Leysan produces 50,000 tons of high-purity crystals per year.
Tonway shares (60438) "Beautiful performance reported " , and the first phase of the Silicon Project is about to be completed and is expected to be operational in December 2018.
Real capacity will also exceed 30,000 tonnes per year, when the company’s real capacity for high-purity crystal silicon will reach 80,000 tonnes per year. The other two battery fragment projects will be operational by the end of this year and early next year.
The average production cost of crystal silicon is about 40,000 yuan per ton, real production can reach 120 per cent of the design capacity, with better profitability (currently the average price of high-purity silicon is 80-90,000 yuan per ton). The new 5.5gw high-efficiency solar cells will fully apply back passivation technology, with non-silicon costs projected at the present time.
The company’s cost-control and technological innovation capabilities are at the forefront of the industry.
Repurchases are not less than 200 million yuan yuan and do not exceed 10 shares; the repurchase period is six months from the date of adoption by the shareholders’ assembly. This demonstrates the public’s confidence in future development and its recognition of its own value, and it is also in the interest of this initiative.
Further refinement of the company’s long-term incentives to effectively combine shareholder interests, corporate interests, and individual workers’ interests. Performance remains excellent, and production capacity is released on time to demonstrate strength.
Investment proposals: both corporate agriculture and photovoltaic industries are at the forefront of the industry, with broad prospects for growth, and can contribute to a steady increase in future performance. At the same time, new productive investments have led to firm-scale, cost- and quality-leading advantage in the industry, which is a constant increase in the company’s profitability.
The company's net profits are projected for 2018-2020. Figure 7: Cash flow from operating activities is still outstanding, and production capacity is released on schedule.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report