At the start of the cycle, the price increases for lithium hexafluoride and lithium carbonate were related to the relatively high barriers to these two sub-sectors, as well as to the elasticity of lithium. We believe that the supply and demand of the industry have gradually changed, that the pace of productive energy release has slowed, and that demand has continued to rise rapidly.
2. The phase of new energy automobile development has changed: attention to globalization, high-end, market-based dynamics. Starting tomorrow, global leaders, including new car-making forces, will be launching a more market-oriented model, and we will place demand in a global perspective, where investment targets must be selected to serve the global high-end industrial chain. The next five years will be a critical period for changing industry patterns, as well as a better investment window.
Further upscaling, coupled with the enforcement of the points system, will result in a further upscaling of market drivers, promising global high-end market resonance. 3. Focused layouts have core competitive poles and focus on changes in supply and demand. Industry battery taps increased concentration and bargaining power; mid- and upper-middle-level material output released to pay close attention to changes in supply and demand for effective production; new energy automobile intelligence, increased demand for safe products, and the long line.
[Excellent push] is a weekly industry product that brings together policy foresight, markets, hot spots, industry depth and is of great value as a reference for investors seeking absolute returns.
2. Perspectives in the photovoltaic industry: 1, high-end products are in short supply. In terms of industrial chain products, because the application pilot project needs to be connected to the network by 2018, [excellently] industry-covering companies have an excellent selection of superiors, with only one phase of loading leading to a current supply of high-efficiency (conversion efficiency is higher than 21.5%) batteries; similar to battery chips, it is currently efficient (with a power of 310w).
Pushing one or two shares. A weekly update, if the offer remains the same, is short supply of one-sided and two-sided components.
Two, the tap company speeds up the countercyclical layout, and the future opportunities are obvious. A typical example is the Trench double-flowing base of 3.2gw high-efficiency silicon, which we think will be the best for the next three months, and we think that the battery production project was launched on November 18, 2018, and started to produce a heterogeneity-efficient product, with a further increase in the value of the product; the super-electrics.
In order for these stock trends to win significantly over the market, it is proposed to focus on new and renewable sources of energy and to increase support for new energy operations.3 The wind power industry perspective: overall, the industry will continue to recover in 2019 and will maintain a better level of loading, with wind and wind at sea.
Fragmented wind power may be a bright spot for the future; pressure at the manufacturing end has been released to a certain extent in terms of industry demand and demand, and changes in the environment; the overall out-of-wind rate is improving and the economy is improving, as shown by the project at the existing Senda Stock Company.
Cindasecuritiesco.ltd The impact of the Mingyang wind power on the industry.
Developments have fallen short of expectations. 3) The impact of electric car safety accidents, photovoltaic technology changes, among other things.
With these good foundations, the group began to take a forward-looking picture of the PV plate, and in 2016, the company acquired PV assets into the PV field. In the three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage at the cutting edge; the “fishing one” power station achieved an organic integration between corporate agriculture and PV.
Focus, future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products) and development of space.2 Price-equal access to the Internet will drive the development of the photovoltaic industry, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long run, there is a wide range of development space for clean energy, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects a 48% share of future combined photovoltaic and wind power generation. We have set up a photovoltage rate rate of return on Internet access.
Calculating, by modelling, we believe that the industry will move gradually into a new cycle of recovery and affordable Internet access in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020 with the prospect of a more rapid growth. From the whole industry chain, we believe that import substitution, the concentration-upgrading silicon chain is the most worthwhile, and that the company’s multi-crystal silicon business has a clear advantage and is expected to continue to boost import substitution and industrial upgrading.
With high technology and cost thresholds, industry is expected to create a new oligopoly pattern in the future that will keep companies at a higher level of profitability. Companies will complete their cold-hydrogenization energy-efficient transformation in 2015, while building a “chemical-photo” revolving economic chain, followed by technological upgrading, optimization of processes, cost and quality advantages.
A sustained increase in city occupancy is expected to drive industry to a high-quality stage and create higher barriers to industry.4 A firm expansion in the production of battery blades, with cost advantages and zero-credit models that guarantee good profitability and cash flow. Companies now have battery tablets with 5.4gw capacity, with production ranking first among the world’s professional battery producers in 2017. Companies use automated equipment applications and very high cost controls.
Building capacity, which has reduced the cost of battery processing below 0.3 yuan/w, maintains a better profitability under current product price pressures. Companies have invested in continuous research and development to continuously improve the efficiency and power of battery fragments and components. Building on the quality of high-quality products, companies have established long-term partnerships with nine of the top 10 component manufacturers around the world and have ensured good cash flow through the sale of zero credit loans.
The strategy has accelerated the process of accessing the Internet at an affordable rate. The next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” downside in the power plant area. For many years, the combined cost of the power station has now been reduced to within $5.w/w/w/w/w in 2019. The company relies on the photovoltaic whole-sector layout, and the power station costs control and quality are better than the industry.
It involves 10 million acres of water, including 4 million acres of ponds, which can support the installation of power plants at about 110gw, with a wide scope for development; the next business development cycle, i.e., a price-free Internet cycle, is expected to result in a better long-term cash flow for the company.
Development work in new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaics, well-understood and resource-rich industrial chains and industries; good at exploiting investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth; Chen Jian, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for research in new energy industries.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.