Tungwei shares (600438.sh) incident: the company issued a three-quarterly report in 2018, with performance in line with expectations.
The profit of 1.660 billion yuan, an increase of 8.59 per cent from the previous year, the net profit of 1.568 billion yuan from the non-return to the mother, and the overall steady performance of the same year, with the “531” New Deal stalling the performance of the luminous plate of hundreds of millions, equal to the same. The price of the luminous industrial chain of the “531” after the New Deal fell sharply, causing the company to experience a sharp fall in prices.
The company’s agricultural plate and power generation operations continue to contribute steady revenues, combined with an increase in the production capacity of silicon and battery tablets, and the risk of falling product prices being effectively absorbed, with the company’s lower cost advantage becoming more evident. Overall, the company’s performance remains stable and largely in line with expectations.
The expansion of the multi-crystal silicon production capacity is progressing well, and now the company's multi-crystal silicon capacity is 20,000 tons, and the first phase of the project will be operational by the end of the month.
At the same time, the company's high-purity silicon project, which produces 50,000 tons per year, is about to be completed in phase 1 and is expected to be ready in December 2018, with a post-partum real-life capacity of more than 30,000 tons per year, when the company's real capacity in high-purity silicon will reach 80,000 tons per year.
The company plans to repurchase the company’s shares with its own funds for follow-up equity incentive schemes or employee-holding schemes with a maximum purchase price of $7.00 per share.
The firm’s financial position is determined. This buy-back reflects firm confidence in future development and recognition of the company’s own value, while further refining long-term incentives to effectively integrate shareholder interests, corporate interests, and individual employee interests for long-term sustainable development of the company.
Tungwee shares (600438): smooth farming, high photovoltaic growth, risk of uncertainty in domestic photovoltaic policies, risk of increased competition in battery cells, risk of lower silicon prices
Tungway shares pb-band Institute sales team, Xu Jialin
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.