This week's industry perspective: bottom gestation, global high-end market driving 1, new energy car market thinking: 1; sales are growing at a better rate than expected for policy. From October's sales, new energy cars are maintained.
Based on the position of our new energy automobile industry at home and globally, together with the recent increase in government support for the private economy, we expect policies to evolve in a preferred direction; more importantly, we can expect a combination of fiscal, cash flow, and credit systems.
Starting tomorrow, the world’s leading car companies, including emerging car-making forces, will be launching a more marketed model, and we will place demand in a global perspective, and the investment target chosen must serve the global high-end industry chain. The low-end model for subsidies has been introduced in the past, the marketed medium-end model is key to addressing industry changes and customer demand, and the next five years will be key to changing patterns.
Step-by-step upgrading, coupled with the enforcement of the points system, will further increase the market-driven ratio, which is expected to lead to a global high-end market resonance. 3. The landscape of the links continues to divide, focusing on core competitive poles.
In the first place, there is a clear advantage. [Experience] is a weekly industry product that brings together policy foresight, markets, and the idea of new energy automobile investment: looking at the transformation of the industry: from home to the world, from low to high, from policy-driven to market-driven.
The hot spots, the depths of the industry, are one, and the pursuit of absolute benefits is largely based on high-end vehicle chains, with high-end electric vehicles expected to be resonant worldwide in 2019 and 2020. Specifically, our investors have an important reference value.
It is recommended that investment opportunities be explored in three areas: one, Tesla, Gilly and the high-end vehicle chain cores: the Ningde era, the Samurai mind control, the best in the industry coverage company, each cycle, etc.; two, the barriers in the industrial chain (technical barriers, resource attributes, etc.); and three, the core link and what can be done.
Push one or two shares. A weekly update, if the offer remains the same, is followed by a large link: Biadi, New Zeus, etc. Tracking points, and justification if the offer changes.
For the next three months, we're looking forward to three light-volts: one, the engine is expected to be upgraded, and the industry's bottom is expected to arrive ahead of schedule. In light of recent policy changes, the next year's loading is expected to rise to 10gw, which is expected to significantly outpace the market for these stocks.
The latest silicon report and the Tonway stock depth report are our most important links, and they're expected to become a new cycle of Internet access for the future at par.
The long line and company of the 9th House of the City Street in the West Side of Beijing; our investment in the future is sequenced in silicon, silicon, inverters, batteries, power stations, other links.4 Storage capacity: We believe that 2018 will be a crucial year for a breakthrough in storage patterns and an increase in value for money, and that later orders will be placed on the ground, suggesting that attention be given to storage.
Power: super-high-voltage construction is expected to re-emerge: combined with electricity modification, looking at domestic business applications, overseas markets, leading companies with remarkable excellence 6, wind power: overall, industry will recover in the medium and long term in 2018, and load will return to better levels, with wind power and dispersion at sea.
In terms of supply and demand in the industry, and changes in the environment, pressure still exists at the manufacturing end, as reflected in the three-quarterly Golden Wind technology reports. In terms of existing projects, the overall out-of-wind rate is improving and economic efficiency is improving; it is recommended that attention be paid to the poles of gold wind technology, etc. Developments are lower than expected.
Tonway shares (600438) 1, good root support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class taps fly back and forth. The company is listed mainly in feed business, and its chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, is a technocrat, highly valued pool of technology and talent, and has a strong sense of cost control.
The forward-looking layout began in 2006 with a photovoltaic block, and in 2016, the company acquisition group’s PV assets entered the PV field. In three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage; the “fishing one” power station achieved the organic integration of corporate agriculture with PV units. The company’s current equity structure concentrated on future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products), with wide scope for development.
2. Price-equal access to the Internet will drive a major expansion of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long term, there is a wide range of clean energy sources, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photo-voltage rate rate of return on the Internet, a model that we believe will gradually move the industry towards a new recovery and price-free Internet cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020.
Looking at the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution, with a large increase in concentration, is the most worthwhile, and that the advantages of corporate multi-crysilica operations are evident, and it is hoped that import substitution and industrial upgrading will continue. The country’s multi-crysilica imports accounted for 40% of its apparent consumption in 2017, and there is still much room for import substitution. Industry has high technology and cost thresholds, and it is hoped that a new monopolistic pattern will emerge in the future.
Companies will maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, they will have completed the conversion of cold-hydrogens to energy-saving energy, while building a “chemical-PV” revolving economic chain, followed by continuous technological upgrading, optimization of processes, and clear cost and quality advantages.
The company now owns the battery plate 5.4gw, which ranks first among the world’s professional battery film producers in 2017. The company has reduced the cost of battery processing below 0.3/w, thanks to automated equipment applications and very strong cost-control capabilities, and maintains better profitability under current product price pressures.
By virtue of the quality of its high-quality products, the company has established long-term partnerships with nine of the world's top 10 component manufacturers and has secured good cash flows through the sale of zero-credit models. 5,543 drops in the strategy to speed up the process of accessing the Internet at par, and the next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” drop in power stations.
Over the years of this strategy, the combined cost of the power plant has now been reduced to within $5/w, and in 2019 it will be reduced to within $4/w or even $3/w. The company relies on a photovoltaic whole-sector layout with better cost control and quality than industry. The company owns more than 300,000 well-cooperative farmers, covering an area of 10 million acres of water, of which 4 million acres of ponds will support the installation of power plants at around 110gw and will develop a wide range of space in the next line.
Business development cycles, i.e. price-free Internet access cycles, are expected to result in better long-term cash flows to companies. 2018105 T-shirts (600438.sh) are at the forefront of the new PV cycle, which combines the first night of an advantage, gas chains, with special research on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-cheming intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.
Development work in new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaics, well-understood and resource-rich industrial chains and industries; good at exploiting investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth; Chen Jian, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for research in new energy industries.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.