This week's industry perspective: globalization, high-end trends, and monthly data show that the new energy by-car ratio and ring ratio continue to be better, with the blending faster than expected.
This is a stable state of affairs, which is associated with falling prices to a relatively reasonable position and rising demand in the medium and long term. 2 - In terms of international and intra-national batteries, globalization and high-end trends are evident: from the point of view of cars, the new energy vehicle schemes of the general public, Daimler, etc., are beginning to enter the operational phase: public access to high-end suppliers such as technology upgrading; these companies will invest billions of euros in new energy automobile production in the future.
From a battery tap, the boom in business of the Ningde era, frutin technology, etc., has been expanding: frutin technology works with European automobile companies: catl works with wide steam. The future will be a constant pattern of strong people and will provide historic opportunities for domestic high-end industrial chains.
As the project stops, market demand will gradually weaken in late December; but, according to statistics, one-line vertically integrated q1 orders for the next year are still adequate. New demand is also being released: the National Energy Authority’s Integrated Division has issued guidelines for the runners’ base.
Sunshine Cho plans to adopt a restrictive equity incentive scheme; in the new cycle of Internet access at photovoltaic parities, the pattern of solar power is to be expected, not only in the hot spots, but also in the depths of the industry, which are important references for investors seeking absolute returns.
The demand for the ball increases its demand for inverter equipment and, more importantly, its distributed photovoltaic + storage configuration. [Excellent] Industry covers the best selection in the company, with only 3 wind power per cycle: overall industry will recover in 2019 and load will be maintained at a better level, with wind and wind at sea.
Push 1-2 shares. A weekly update, if the offer remains the same, may be a bright spot for the future; the pressure at the manufacturing end has been released to a certain extent in terms of industry supply and demand; and, in terms of existing projects already in operation, the trace point is evaluated, with reasons given if the offer changes.
It is hoped that the overall wind-out rate will increase further. It is recommended that attention be paid to investment opportunities such as the Golden Wind technology.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side in Beijing City City. Good root support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class dragons are flying again. The company is listed mainly in feed business. Mr. Liu Han Won, Chairman of the Board, is a technocrat, highly valued pool of technology and talent, and has a strong sense of cost control. With these good foundations, the group has its own.
The forward-looking layout began in 2006 with a photovoltaic block, and in 2016, the company acquisition group’s PV assets entered the PV field. In three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage; the “fishing one” power station achieved the organic integration of corporate agriculture with PV units. The company’s current equity structure concentrated on future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products), with wide scope for development.
2. Price-equal access to the Internet will drive a major expansion of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long term, there is a wide range of clean energy sources, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photo-voltage rate rate of return on the Internet, a model that we believe will gradually move the industry towards a new recovery and price-free Internet cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020.
Looking at the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution, with a large increase in concentration, is the most worthwhile, and that the advantages of corporate multi-crysilica operations are evident, and it is hoped that import substitution and industrial upgrading will continue. The country’s multi-crysilica imports accounted for 40% of its apparent consumption in 2017, and there is still much room for import substitution. Industry has high technology and cost thresholds, and it is expected that a new oligopoly pattern will emerge in the future.
Companies will maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, they will have completed the conversion of cold-hydrogens to energy-saving energy, while building a “chemical-PV” revolving economic chain, followed by continuous technological upgrading, optimization of processes, and clear cost and quality advantages.
The company now owns the battery plate 5.4gw, which ranks first among the world’s professional battery film producers in 2017. The company has reduced the cost of battery processing below 0.3/w, thanks to automated equipment applications and very strong cost-control capabilities, and maintains better profitability under current product price pressures.
By virtue of the quality of its high-quality products, the company has established long-term partnerships with nine of the world's top 10 component manufacturers and has secured good cash flows through the sale of zero-credit models. 5,543 drops in the strategy to speed up the process of accessing the Internet at par, and the next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” drop in power stations.
Over the years of this strategy, the combined cost of the power plant has now been reduced to within $5/w, and in 2019 it will be reduced to within $4/w or even $3/w. The company relies on a photovoltaic whole-sector layout with better cost control and quality than industry. The company owns more than 300,000 well-cooperative farmers, covering an area of 10 million acres of water, of which 4 million acres of ponds will support the installation of power plants at around 110gw and will develop a wide range of space in the next line.
Business development cycles, i.e. price-free Internet cycles, are expected to lead to better long-term cash flows for companies. “The flagship of the new PV 2018105 shares (600438.sh) cycle, which combines the first night of an advantage,” Development of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power plants, with a thorough understanding of the industrial chain, industry development, and abundance of resources; and special skills to tap investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Science, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for research in the new energy sector. The power plant and new energy industry focus on the company Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.