This week's industry perspective: high-end manufacturing poles are breaking: concentration upgrades + import substitution 1, new energy car industry perspective: 1, taps guide downstream sales up, high-end upswings are expected to be higher than expected.
Addy, or the new powered car, the new Tesla, the new car, has made a quantitative and qualitative breakthrough, which we think is just a new start, and we're not going to have a new global tap for the next three years. We're optimistic about the future increase in sales of high-end vehicles, which will be higher than the overall increase in sales in the new energy automobile industry.
The same holds true for material links; and for companies such as Engjee ' s stockholdings, which are over-expected to increase market access, which is linked to the rapid release of high-quality low-cost productive capacity. 3. Focused layouts have a core competitive edge. Overall, most of the links will evolve into oligarchic patterns; and we suggest that high-end industrial chains be deployed, focusing on the global poles of concentration, and gradually focusing on the rising price chain.
In the silicon chain, most firms have reached their principals; globally, South Korean firms, hks, all shutdowns, Oci, partial shutdowns due to equipment problems, and US silicon companies, have not started at a high rate; and, without prospects, some of the high-cost overseas production capacity will be replaced by domestic production that will be released next year. 2; industry chain prices will remain stable.
[Excellent push] is a weekly industry product that brings together policy foresight, markets, hot spots, industry depth and is of great value as a reference for investors seeking absolute returns.
(c) [Excellently] Industry covers companies that have a better chance of being connected to the Internet, because of the competitive costs of electricity generation, which are higher and lower than the costs of electricity generation.
The advantage is more pronounced; the progress of the first competition is closely monitored. The market will be significantly defeated by these stock trends, and the focus is recommended.
Developments have fallen short of expectations. 3) Impact of electric car safety accidents, changes in photovoltaic technology, etc.
Tonway shares (600438) House No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing.
With these good foundations, the group began to take a forward-looking picture of the PV plate, and in 2016, the company acquired PV assets into the PV field. In the three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage at the cutting edge; the “fishing one” power station achieved an organic integration between corporate agriculture and PV.
Focus, future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products) and development of space.2 Price-equal access to the Internet will drive the development of the photovoltaic industry, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long run, there is a wide range of development space for clean energy, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects a 48% share of future combined photovoltaic and wind power generation. We have set up a photovoltage rate rate of return on Internet access.
Calculating, by modelling, we believe that the industry will move gradually into a new cycle of recovery and affordable Internet access in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020 with the prospect of a more rapid growth. From the whole industry chain, we believe that import substitution, the concentration-upgrading silicon chain is the most worthwhile, and that the company’s multi-crystal silicon business has a clear advantage and is expected to continue to boost import substitution and industrial upgrading.
With high technology and cost thresholds, industry is expected to create a new oligopoly pattern in the future that will keep companies at a higher level of profitability. Companies will complete their cold-hydrogenization energy-efficient transformation in 2015, while building a “chemical-photo” revolving economic chain, followed by technological upgrading, optimization of processes, cost and quality advantages.
A sustained increase in city occupancy is expected to drive industry to a high-quality stage and create higher barriers to industry.4 A firm expansion in the production of battery blades, with cost advantages and zero-credit models that guarantee good profitability and cash flow. Companies now have battery tablets with 5.4gw capacity, with production ranking first among the world’s professional battery producers in 2017. Companies use automated equipment applications and very high cost controls.
Building capacity, which has reduced the cost of battery processing below 0.3 yuan/w, maintains a better profitability under current product price pressures. Companies have invested in continuous research and development to continuously improve the efficiency and power of battery fragments and components. Building on the quality of high-quality products, companies have established long-term partnerships with nine of the top 10 component manufacturers around the world and have ensured good cash flow through the sale of zero credit loans.
The strategy has accelerated the process of accessing the Internet at an affordable rate. The next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” downside in the power plant area. For many years, the combined cost of the power station has now been reduced to within $5.w/w/w/w/w in 2019. The company relies on the photovoltaic whole-sector layout, and the power station costs control and quality are better than the industry.
It involves 10 million acres of water, including 4 million acres of ponds, which can support the installation of power plants at about 110gw, with a wide scope for development; the next business development cycle, i.e., a price-free Internet cycle, is expected to result in a better long-term cash flow for the company.
Development work in new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaics, well-understood and resource-rich industrial chains and industries; good at exploiting investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth; Chen Jian, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for research in new energy industries.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.