This week's industry perspective: the policy system has been improving, with emphasis on the head enterprise, 1 in 2019, the new energy automobile industry, 1 in 2019, and the provisions on investment management in the automobile industry, which are generally favourable to the development of new energy vehicles, 1 in 2019.
Companies: The document, for the existing car-powered battery enterprise expansion project, requires enterprises to “use not less than 80 per cent of the power-powered battery capacity in the last two years” and has similar requirements for new energy companies; looking forward to the expansion of the capacity of only a very small number of head companies in the coming years, with a higher market share for leading companies. 2) To facilitate industry globalization, marketization, high-end development: the transfer of automobile investment projects from approved management to local filing.
(c) Encouraging technological advances: for example, encouraging fuel cell technology development, focusing on new and emerging technological routes such as solid-state batteries.
Technological innovation supports the continued development of new energy vehicles, with a focus on fuel cells; it also highlights the development of clean energy vehicles in Hainan Province. Planning for additional motor power and intelligence throughout the island by 2030.
[Excellent push] is a weekly industry product that gathers policy foresight, markets, and views in the photovoltaic sector: 1; the price of the industrial chain continues to be stable and is expected to show a mild season in the first quarter. According to pvinofolink, the hot spots, the depths of the industry are dug together, and the pursuit of absolute benefits is pursued.
In the long run, there are still differences in demand for the year 2019. The differences are mainly in several areas: leading the industry to the top of the company, with only one issue per issue.
Runners, subsidized indicator projects, price-free Internet projects; we are relatively optimistic about the number of affordable Internet access projects (including the user side).
Major equipment purchases for the conversion project are included in the 2019 procurement plan, and the company expects to spend $2,359 million in 2019 on the acquisition of serial control equipment.
3. Wind and power sector perspective: overall, due to environmental protection, land, spare parts, etc., the implementation rate in 2018 was lower than previously anticipated, and these factors are expected to improve in 2019 and be expected to be a small industrial loading peak in 2019; the pressure at the manufacturing end has been released to a certain extent in terms of supply and demand in the industry; the overall rate of abandonment is improving and the economy is improving, depending on the projects already in operation. It is suggested that attention be given to the Golden Wind.
Sunda Securities Co. Ltd., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., cindasecuritiesco.ltd
The development of House No. 1 on the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing has been less than expected. 3) The impact of the electric car safety accident, changes in photovoltaic technology, etc.
Tonway shares (600438) 1, good root support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class taps fly back and forth. The company is listed mainly in feed business, and its chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, is a technocrat, highly valued pool of technology and talent, and has a strong sense of cost control.
The forward-looking layout began in 2006 with a photovoltaic block, and in 2016, the company acquisition group’s PV assets entered the PV field. In three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage; the “fishing one” power station achieved the organic integration of corporate agriculture with PV units. The company’s current equity structure concentrated on future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products), with wide scope for development.
2. Price-equal access to the Internet will drive a major expansion of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long term, there is a wide range of clean energy sources, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photo-voltage rate rate of return on the Internet, a model that we believe will gradually move the industry towards a new recovery and price-free Internet cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020.
Looking at the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution, with a large increase in concentration, is the most worthwhile, and that the advantages of corporate multi-crysilica operations are evident, and it is hoped that import substitution and industrial upgrading will continue. The country’s multi-crysilica imports accounted for 40% of its apparent consumption in 2017, and there is still much room for import substitution. Industry has high technology and cost thresholds, and it is expected that a new oligopoly pattern will emerge in the future.
Companies will maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, they will have completed the conversion of cold-hydrogens to energy-saving energy, while building a “chemical-PV” revolving economic chain, followed by continuous technological upgrading, optimization of processes, and clear cost and quality advantages.
The company now owns the battery plate 5.4gw, which ranks first among the world’s professional battery film producers in 2017. The company has reduced the cost of battery processing below 0.3/w, thanks to automated equipment applications and very strong cost-control capabilities, and maintains better profitability under current product price pressures.
By virtue of the quality of its high-quality products, the company has established long-term partnerships with nine of the world's top 10 component manufacturers and has secured good cash flows through the sale of zero-credit models. 5,543 drops in the strategy to speed up the process of accessing the Internet at par, and the next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” drop in power stations.
Over the years of this strategy, the combined cost of the power plant has now been reduced to within $5/w, and in 2019 it will be reduced to within $4/w or even $3/w. The company relies on a photovoltaic whole-sector layout with better cost control and quality than industry. The company owns more than 300,000 well-cooperative farmers, covering an area of 10 million acres of water, of which 4 million acres of ponds will support the installation of power plants at around 110gw and will develop a wide range of space in the next line.
Business development cycles, i.e. price-free Internet cycles, are expected to lead to better long-term cash flows for companies. “The flagship of the new PV 2018105 shares (600438.sh) cycle, which combines the first night of an advantage,” Development of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power plants, with a thorough understanding of the industrial chain, industry development, and abundance of resources; and special skills to tap investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Science, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for research in the new energy sector. The power plant and new energy industry focus on the company Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.