Three-quarterly reviews of the shares of the shares of the shares of the companies revealed three-quarterly reports in 2018. q3 achieved business income of $21.3 billion, an increase of 9.04 per cent over the previous year; and q3 realized ownership of the shareholders of the listed companies.
Net profits were 1.66 billion yuan. Net profits increased by 8.59 per cent on a year-on-year basis: basic earnings per share amounted to 0.4275 dollars. 1. Profitability contributed to a steady increase in performance and a 1.75 per cent decline in performance, which brought net profits to almost the same level as the same period last year, in the context of the overall slump in the photovoltaic industry and the sharp fall in product prices.
The company has published a repurchase plan for the same period, which is intended to be conducted through a centralized competitive transaction, with the sum of this repurchase amounting to no less than 200 million yuan yuan and no more than the people.
The announcement of the Repurchase Plan demonstrates the company’s senior management’s confidence in corporate development and helps to stabilize the core workforce.
The company now has a production capacity of more than 20,000 tons of crystalline silicon per year. In October 2018, the first phase of the high-purity silicon project was successfully launched, and after one to three months of operation, the actual capacity will be more than 30,000 tons per year.
120% of production capacity, when the real capacity of the company ' s high-purity crystalline silicon project is up to 80,000 tonnes/year. With economies of scale, the cost of company production will be further reduced to less than 40,000 yuan/ton, with better profitability (currently the average price of high-purity crystal silicon is 80-90,000 yuan/ton). The high-purity silicon project will meet the needs of more than 70% of post-partum products of the p- and n monocrystals, with a continuous improvement in product structure and a rising demand for single crystal products.
To improve the competitiveness of corporate crystalline silicon products. 4. Battery cost + technology gain a double advantage.
The three-phase 3.2gw high-efficiency solar cell project is under construction and is expected to be completed by the end of 2018. The new 5.5gw high-efficiency solar cell will be fully implemented with back passivation technology, with non-silicon costs expected to decrease by more than 10 per cent from the current level, and actual output will reach the capacity of the company ' s batteries in the first half of 2018. The company ' s 4.0 smart production line will be stable.
The cost of processing single crystal, multi-crystal batteries is at a low of 0.2-0.3 yuan/w and still shows a downward trend, at 50-60% of the industry average. At the same time, research on the production of high-efficiency cells in companies is well under way, with hex cells being a natural two-faced N crystalline silicon cell, which is expected to be in production by the end of 2018, which will further strengthen the company’s technological edge.
In the light of the excess capacity of the photovoltaic industry as a whole, and the ongoing process of generating and liquidating potentials, the company will move beyond cost-control capabilities and economies of scale to further increase its market share and profitability. We expect the company to earn a share of its business from 2018 to 2020.
The lack of support for photovoltaic policies, the sharp fall in the price of photovoltaic products, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of portfolio research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing of the research assistant.
He Dynasty Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Science and Technology, 4 years of work experience in the nuclear power industry, 3 years of work experience in the international energy engineering industry, and joined the East Hing Portfolio in 2018 for electricity equipment and new energy research.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.