This week's industry perspective: high-end markets are breaking down, and the future is clearly dominated by one, the new energy automobile industry: one, the industrial chain is continuing, and policy is likely to move in the direction of heat.
Prices have remained stable, leading firms have a better start, and policy changes in the future may be adjusting production lines; from the information communicated within the industry, thermal management components enter the supply chain of the BMW New Energy Electric Motors Platform in Germany.
Capabilities are enhanced. In the future, the advantage of each link will become more apparent when the efficient production of materials in the upper and upper bounds is released.2 The view of the photovoltaic industry: 1; there is a marked difference in the state of the industry and the future opportunities for the leading companies. The leading companies with a cost advantage or a better climate can now also achieve full output sales; the capacity utilization of large enterprises is maintained at over 70% and less than 50% small; from this point onward, the capacity of large enterprises is maintained at less than 50%.
As the prices of our manufacturing end-products rise further, export markets are likely to grow even better. Photovoltage is natural for distributional development and may push power market reforms back; historical data show that three years ago, hot spots, deep industries were dug together to pursue absolute gains.
Quarterly, the number of additional photovoltaics installed in the country fell 19.7% compared to the previous period, but the distribution of photovoltaic 17.14gw increased by 12% compared to the same period. [Excellently] Industry coverage of companies has been successful, with only one phase.
3. Wind power industry perspective: overall, industry will continue to recover in 2019, and load will remain at a better level, with offshore wind power and one to two shares. Weekly updates, if shares are offered, and decentralized wind power may be the bright spot for the future: in terms of industry supply and demand, large environmental changes, pressure at the manufacturing end has been released to a certain extent: it is now shipped.
The camp’s projects show that the overall rate of out-of-winding is improving and the economy is improving, and it is expected that the installation will be further enhanced. It is recommended that attention be paid to investment in such poles as the Golden Wind technology technology, which will significantly outpace the market for these stocks.
Developments have fallen short of expectations. 3) Impact of electric car safety accidents, changes in photovoltaic technology, etc.
"cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing City."
1. Good root-based support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class taps re-emerged. The company is listed mainly in feed business, and its chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, has a technical background, a high priority on technology and talent stocks, and has a strong sense of cost control. With these good foundations, the group has been looking forward to the luminous slabs since 2006, and in 2016, the company ' s acquisition group ' s photovoltaic assets entered the luminous field.
At the same time, the company’s current equity structure is concentrated on the future location of world-class clean energy (photovoltaic) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products) and there is wide scope for developing.2 At par prices, Internet access will boost the development of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain being the most favoured in the new cycle. In the long run, the clean energy source, represented by photovoltaics, is wide.
In broad development space, bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photovoltage rate of return on the Internet, and, by modelling, we believe that industry will gradually move into a new recovery and flat access cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020 with the prospect of a more rapid growth. In terms of the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution and concentration is most worthwhile.
The industry has a high technology and cost threshold, and is expected to form a new oligopoly pattern in the future, allowing companies to maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, the company will have completed a cool hydrogenification energy-saving energy-reducing transformation, while constructing a “chemical-light-volt” cycle of economic production.
Business chains, followed by technological upgrading, optimization of processes, and cost and quality advantages are evident. With the company’s high-quality, low-cost energy release, the company’s market share is expected to continue to rise in the future, and it will also drive the industry to move to a high-quality phase and create higher barriers to industry.4 A firm expansion of the capacity to build batteries, with cost advantages and zero credit patterns that guarantee good profitability and cash flow.
Production capacity of 5.4gw, the world’s top professional battery producer in 2017. The company has reduced the cost of battery processing to below 0.3/w through the application of automation equipment and a very high degree of cost control, and is still better profitable under current product price pressure. Companies have been continuously investing in research and development to continuously improve the efficiency and power of batteries and their components.
Nine of them have established long-term partnerships and secured good cash flows through the sale of zero-credit models. 5,543 of the strategy accelerates the process of accessing the Internet at an affordable price, and the next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” drop in power stations, which for many years has now reduced the combined cost of power stations to within $5/w, and in 2019 has tried to reduce it to within $4/w or even $3/w, on the basis of which the company relies.
The company has more than 300,000 families with good cooperative relationships, covering an area of 10 million acres, including 4 million acres of ponds, which can support the installation of power plants at around 110gw, and has wide scope for development. In the next industry development cycle, i.e. a flat-cost Internet access cycle, these operations are expected to lead to a better long-term cash flow for the company.
(b) Development of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power stations, with a thorough understanding of industrial chains, industry development and resource endowments; and special skills in exploiting investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
Electricity equipment and the new energy industry focus on the company Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, which has been approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is a study of the exclusive nature of the clients who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference for investment decisions of this group of customers. Both parties have strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.