Real estate valuation constraints open, buying up the financial stock options, research assistant Lo Woo-Kang, keyword: #difficult reversals # dividends are high
• Events: On May 17, 2024, the Central Bank issued four successive policies on the untying of property, and in the afternoon Deputy Governor Tolling answered the press questions at the State Department’s regular briefing on policy. The main policies include: a downscaling of the first set and the minimum down payment ratio of the second set of mortgages, the elimination of the first set and the second set of mortgage rates at the national level.
By the end of 2023, according to the annual reports of companies and subsidiaries, we combed out the company’s property openings. According to the division reports, China’s safe and secure distributions were mixed.
Housing is concentrated in the branches of insurance operations (the size of real estate investments in insurance funds at the end of 2023 accounted for 4.3 per cent of total investments), with a closing balance of $204 billion, mainly on equity investments, measured by the cost method, which accounts for 78.4 per cent of real estate investments, and in the branches of banking operations (Peaceful at the end of 2023).
A total of $284.196 million, a decrease of $39.439 billion from the end of the previous year, in the balance of operations related to real estate in banks with real and contingent credit, investments in own-account bonds and investments in own-account unvalued investments; and a significant decline in the share of real estate operations in the case of self-owned and trust assets in recent years.
In 2023, the distribution of the safe trust real estate industry fell to $1,836 million, representing 5.78 per cent of self-owned assets; as of March 2024, the share of the safe trust real estate trust assets was only about 1 per cent; and other asset management branches, mainly in 2023, affected by macroeconomic environmental impacts, credit
Risk rises, capital market fluctuations, and some of the assets are under pressure. Companies actively manage risks, make major and prudent provision, and revalue some of the projects, making asset management operations less than -4.8 billion yuan and -256.44 million yuan.
The untying of property will help narrow down real-estate sales and investment, and while the fundamentals of the property chain will not improve overnight, the quality of insurance companies’ assets is expected to improve. Peace in China is not just the head of insurance, but we believe that companies, as integrated financial groups, have.
Remarking benefits from a double hit on valuation and performance from the current round of real estate untied. This round of stock rebounds was first set up by the Hong Kong stock supershock, followed by the 1q24 insurance quarterly report with over-expected and long-end interest rate top-up, quick confirmation of the rebound, which is expected to drive further repairs to the plate and company valuations.
Up. In recent years, the overall valuation of the financial unit has been significantly delayed by the continuing downside of the real estate industry, and China’s " China Peace " (601318): First Quarterly Report 2024.
Real estate valuation constraints have opened. Since April 2024, h-shares have rebounded strongly, with the NCP (60.9%) rising, and the China Pingh stock (37.5%) rebounding significantly better than the China Pinga (9.6%), mainly because the market has been unable to achieve a consistent response to the underlying property structure.
During this period, the untying of property is expected to strengthen the expected consensus in the market. Peace in China (601318): 2023 Annual Report site  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Real estate valuation constraints open, and buy up options for financial equity.
1. Introduction: Since the fourth quarter of 2022, the country has introduced various real estate support policies to address real estate risks in an integrated manner.
In particular, the meeting of the Central Political Bureau proposed policy measures for the integrated study of the digestion of housing stock and the optimization of incremental housing. On 17 May 2024, the Central Bank issued four successive policies on the untying of property at noon, and Vice-President Tauling responded to reporters at a briefing on State Council policy in the afternoon.
In recent years, central banks have taken a combination of supply-side and demand-side measures to promote the smooth functioning of the real estate market. At the supply-side, there are 16 “golds” and “second arrows”, optimized business-related lending policies, and structural monetary policy instruments such as guarantee-of-conservation loan support schemes, housing finance re-loans, rental housing loan support schemes, etc. At the demand-side, lower individual housing loans.
In order to promote a new approach to building real estate, the central bank added a $500 billion mortgage line, supported the construction of “three major projects” such as secure housing, and improved the financial policy system for housing rentals.
Figure 1: 5.17 Central Bank property is loosely tied to the New Deal: one is the creation of a $300 billion guarantee and the other is the elimination of individuals at the national level.
Under the Housing Loan Interest Policy, the Housing Provident Fund has 0.25 interest rates, and the second is to reduce the number of individuals at the national level.
Minimum down payment for housing loans • Encouragement of financial institutions to make minimum down payment for the first suite, as is the case in the market
After five years of adjustment, the interest rate for the first suite of individuals and the second set of mortgages will no longer be applied.
The proportion of firms that buy at a reasonable price has been adjusted from no less than 20% to set the policy floor to achieve interest rates on mortgages.
The interest rate on the housing fund loan is the unsaled commodity house, used as a model or 2.85 per cent to better meet the housing stock
Subsistence housing with rent security is expected to take account of the housing needs of the gold-payer. • The rate of down payment mentioned above, the interest rate policy on mortgages
The down payment rate has never been less than 30%.
The minimum down payment rate and the lower interest rate on mortgages can also be removed from the lower interest rate. The current policy is more relaxed at the demand and supply levels, the market response is more positive, and there has been a recent strong rebound in the property stock.
The exchange’s real-estate debt is mostly rising, and Vankodo’s bonds are rising. The current real-estate policy benefits are high, policy details are clear, policy effects are to be observed, follow-up attention is brought with data responses such as transactionalization, policy implementation and operational details, and more fiscal/quasi-fiscal instruments are available.
As of the end of 2023, the balance of real estate investment in China’s safe and secure capital portfolio stood at 2,03,987 million yuan, representing about 4.3 per cent of total investment assets.
Investment is predominantly (holding property that includes direct investment and investment in the form of equity of the project company), measured by cost, which accounts for 78.4 per cent of real estate investment, mainly into rental property such as high-quality commercial offices, logistics properties, industrial parks, long-term rental apartments to match long-term indebtedness and stable historical performance; in addition, 17.3 per cent of creditor investment and other equity interests
Figure 2: The share of real estate investments in the investment portfolio of China ' s Peace Insurance Fund is also represented by several joint ventures and joint ventures under the umbrella of China ' s Peace Group that are accounted for under the law of equity in relation to real estate, including Kim Moo, Huaxia Happiness in China, Ei-Nam in Shanghai, Guangzhou Sankura Real Estate Development Co. Ltd., Guangzhou
China’s main real estate open-door analysis – Peace Bank
At the end of 2023, the balance of real and contingent credit, investments in own-account bonds, investments in own-account non-valued investments, etc., to cover credit risks, totalled $284.196 million, a decrease of $39.439 billion from the end of the previous year; and the group managed the financing, commissioning, and pooling of funds.
The total business balance of non-credit risk, such as agency management trusts and funds, and debt financing instruments such as the principal underwriting debt, is $80,795 million, representing a decrease of $8,774 million from the end of the previous year. (1) The credit risk-bearing housing-related business consists mainly of a loan balance of $255,322 million to public real estate, compared with the previous year.
At the end of the year, it was reduced by $28,162 million. Of this amount, $8,205 million was in real estate development loans, representing 2.4 per cent of the total loan and advance capital of the Bank of Peace, which was 0.4 percentage points lower than at the end of the previous year, with all valid mortgages in place, with an average mortgage rate of 40.9 per cent and 95.8 per cent distributed among the first and second-tier urban areas and the Grand Bay, Long Triangle regions; and loans for operating property, mergers and acquisitions and other aggregates.
170.317 million yuan, mainly in mature property mortgages, with an average mortgage rate of 48.7 per cent, 94.1 per cent distributed in the first and second-line urban areas and in the Grand Bay and Long Triangle regions. At the end of 2023, the Bank of Peace ' s poor loan rate for public real estate was 0.86 per cent, down 0.57 percentage points from the end of the previous year.
(2) The housing-related business that does not carry credit risks is mainly the cooperative agency administration of the sub-trust and fund of $34,085 million, down from $8,748 million at the end of the previous year, with the bottom assets corresponding to specific projects or product regulations with high-quality equity pledges
In its annual report, the Bank of Peace states that it will continue to implement its policy orientation and regulatory requirements, with a focus on supporting the construction of secure housing, new and improved commodity housing, and renting.
The construction of housing is carried out in such a way as to meet the reasonable financing needs of different property-owned enterprises without discrimination, and the coordination mechanism for municipal real-estate financing is actively pursued, and financing of projects included in the list, which conforms to the principles of commercialization, is ensured.
China’s main real estate open-door analysis – the Peace Trust – recently released its 2023 annual report, in which the company presented the current credit-risk pressure on the real estate market.
More powerful, companies accelerate the exit of existing risky assets. The decline in the housing sector has had an impact on the de-escalation of sales, a steady increase in the number of risks involved in low-quality housing, a further intensification of hidden debt workout in urban investment platforms, and an overall upward trend in credit risk exposure to the trust industry.
Table 3: Peace Trust Proclamation vs. Funning 615 Trust Scheme 1.
2. The company is actively contacting the recipient of the capital to find the appropriate formula for the transfer.
The share of self-owned and trust assets in real estate has declined considerably in recent years.
The Trust has set up an early warning, monitoring, and process-wide risk management system for real estate trust products.
With regard to trust operations, the company adheres to the principle of early discovery and disposal of risk assets, speeds up the disposal of stocks, controls on new risk items, and positive results in real estate risk reduction.
China’s main real estate open-door analysis – other holdings, according to the Peace Year Report, the company uses safe securities, safe trusts, safe finance leases, and safe asset management.
Since 2022, the company ' s financial statements have not disclosed the principal asset management divisions, and we expect that the exposure to property-related risks is the central cause of other asset-management losses in recent years. The company ' s 2023 bulletin, which was subject to macroeconomic environmental impacts, credit risks, capital market volatility, has led to some asset carrying.
We expect that, with the advent of the Central Bank’s 5.17 New Deal, the firm’s housing-related business is expected to ease, and other capital resources are expected to ease.
The business performance of the Division, as estimated in the annual reports of the subsidiaries of other branches of management in the above table, will be significantly reduced. To illustrate that China’s peace is more than just the head of insurance, we believe that the company, as a financial champion, is expected to reap the benefits.
Double-clicking on valuation and performance from the current round of real estate. 1) From a valuation perspective: long-end interest rates are the winning hand, and property valuation elbows are open. We used to be strong, and interest rates were the winning hand of the current round of insurance. This property policy is so intensely released that it is more explicit about bond profits.
At the end of the downside, the near-term long-end interest rate trend is expected to continue. From May 17, the first batch of special state debt began to be issued, which will last from seven months to the end of November. In medium-term dimensions, long-end interest rates will be difficult as bond supply rises further, and it will be necessary to focus on whether there are signs of stability in the property chain.
In a report on the implementation of monetary policy at 1q24, the Central Bank reiterated its concern about the rapid fall in interest rates on long-debts, stating that “at the end of April, the 30-year maturity rate of government debt had risen to more than 2.5%, and the bond market had improved its supply-demand margins.”
And “the bond market is expected to be more balanced in terms of supply and demand, and the rate of return on long-term public debt will be better matched to the future of the economy.” At the same time, the boom in real estate policy is likely to open up the pressure on the valuation of insurance plates. 2) From a performance point of view, this property policy will help to narrow down real estate sales and investments, but the ground is not.
The quality of the insurance company’s assets is expected to improve. Stock exchange * exchange rate conversion/a share price-1) Investment proposal: Real estate valuation elbows open, buying the strongest options for financial equity.
After the super-deep rebound, the 1q24 insurance quarterly report and long-end interest rates have accelerated the confirmation of the rebound, which is expected to drive further repairs to the plate and company valuations. Since April 2024, the h-plate has rebounded strongly, with the Xavier (60.9%) rising and the Xianh (37.5%) rebounding significantly better than the Xiaoqian a (9.6%).
China’s security is more than just the head of the insurance stock, and we believe that the company, as a combined financial dragon, is expected to benefit from a two-fold blow to the valuation and performance of the current round of real estate and to maintain a “buy-in” rating. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.