On 29 August 2024, the Middle and Far Seas published their semi-annual report for 2024.
Revenues from the industry amounted to $11.65 billion, an increase of 0.65 per cent in the same year; net profits from the repatriation of mothers amounted to $2.61 billion, the volume of oil in the final product of foreign trade was high, and the volume of oil in the interior was under pressure.
1. Mid-Range Energy Company (MEC): The performance of higher transport prices has been largely oriented towards 2 per cent of the long run, with a 2.3 per cent decline in revenues from crude oil transport for foreign trade, mainly due to a fall in freight prices, an average of US$ 41,629 per day for vlcc-td3c, a fall of 4 per cent from the same year, and the completion of foreign trade.
2. Mid-Sea Energy: q3 performance versus high equity incentives determined an increase of 11.1 per cent in oil transport revenues and a significant improvement in the performance target for finished products, mainly due to deviations caused by events in the Red Sea, 2023.10.27
3. Mid-Range Energy: a significant increase in the price of vlcc q2 per day, a 52 per cent increase in the same year; and (2) revenue from inland oil shipments of $2.92 billion, a decrease in the same year
5.1 per cent, mainly due to a decline in the size of the domestic trade in finished oils and a decline in the total transport market; (3) external trade lang transport revenue of 960 million yuan, an increase of 10.1 per cent over the same period; the increase in ship charter charges and a decrease in the gross domestic product rate.
3.5%, mainly a new Vlcc capacity in Chinapool, and the cost of ship chartering, along with the cost of continuously adjusting the structure of the financing currency. Lowering the high-cost dollar liquidity loan yields and using the interest rate swap tool, resulting in lower interest costs.
During the year, on the basis of Clarkson ' s projections, demand for crude oil tons in 2024 is projected to increase by 3.3 per cent over the same period, and demand for finished oil tons by 7.5 per cent over the same period; on the supply side, vlcc capacity continues to grow at a low level, with delivery expected in the second half of 2024.
One new vessel is expected to deliver five new ships in 2025. Transportation requirements are increasing faster than capacity and are expected to maintain the oil industry.
Transport price fluctuations; macroeconomic fluctuations; fuel price fluctuations; exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi; environmental policies; elimination of sales restrictions.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market