1h25 net profit increases by 5% over the year; active expansion of new business directions; continuation of large-scale international subcontracting operations. We rate as follows: 2q25 performance pressure; 1h25 profit margin rises on the same basis. 1) Quarter: company 2q25 achieves camp
\triangleright actively seeks 929 outer-wing box workbags; aircrew delivery rates are steadily increasing. \triangleright for aircraft spares
Yoon Cao Wei a) Domestic: The aircraft spares developed by the company have covered all the major civil-made civil aircraft models, with the development of critical core components such as c909, c919, ag600, the body of the new boat series, the wings, etc.
The company has now made steady delivery of the c919 components, with a steady increase in the number of payments. The company is also a pre-selection supplier after c929 for the upper part of the aircraft, the sutures, the wings, the wings, the wings, the wings, and the wings.
(b) International: companies undertake manufacturing work such as aircraft of the a320/a321 series of aircraft, airframes, Boeing B737 series of tailings and inner flaps, and the rate of delivery of the flyer projects has steadily increased. From a subsidiary perspective, the airline industry flew by 1h25 for $3.206 billion, yoy-36 per cent;
Reduced cost rates during the period; improved operating cash flow. Company: 1) Accounts Receivable at the end of 2q25 \triangleright 2. Middle Air West (000768.sz) 3-quarter reporting points in 2024
Assessment: performance in line with market expectations; a 16 per cent increase in net profit per year for major aircraft; civilian business or acceleration: 25 per cent increase in non-net profit deductions; contribution of large aircraft industry
Investment proposals: The company, as the country's only production base for large- and medium-sized special civilian aircraft, reported in 2023 that Chinese air flights (000768.sz) were actively expanding in civilian and international sub-contracting operations and targeting the development of “persons without humans or intelligence”
q4 income growth of 28 per cent; 24 years of associated procurement is expected to be positive, with no-carried, no-coordinate, no-specialized aircraft as the direction for industrial development; in high-end production of productive applications, emphasis is placed on the development of projects such as the manufacture of complex structures, the manufacture of additional materials, and the creation of new dynamic energy.
A “recommended” rating is maintained for a more competitive and leading position in the field of large aircraft. \triangleright researches methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.