The Chinese flight westbound (000768.sz) the military engineering team has steadily increased its profitability and actively embraces the new.
1. China Western Flight: Actively Embracing Civil-Military Airplanes and Steady Profitability Military-Industrial long-term assets, China-China aircraft leading to steady growth in performance: 1)
2. " Air China West " : the Chinese and Chinese aircraft are expected to benefit from the civil and military landscape. The mother ' s net profit now stands at 40 million (+4.02 per cent) and growth is robust. 2) The company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary flew 25h1 to collect 3,206 million (-36.4 per cent) and realized a net profit of 43.355,000 (--)
To increase value creation, increase revenue, reduce savings, strengthen the basis for business development and improve the quality of development; To improve profitability and optimize business efficiency; To achieve Māori success rate for: 1)25h1
7.3 per cent for the same year +1.4 pct; 3.5 per cent for the same year +0.3 pct; 25q2 company key appliance for civil aircraft, with capacity and delivery rates up to one level: 1) digitized assembly line for the 2nd wing kit of the c919 aircraft project, with production rates on the new steps;
The delivery of 0919 components has been steady and the number of deliveries has continued to increase. 2) The company is actively involved in the development of the new national aircraft, which is the front section of the aircraft, the sutures, the winging, the wing of the wings behind the C929 aircraft, and actively seeks work packages for the outer wing section of the C929 aircraft. 3)
Actively engaged in international cooperation and foreign trade sub-contracting, with aircrews a320/a321 series of aircraft wings, airframes and airframes, with a steady increase in project delivery rates; and Boeing b737 in manufacturing products such as tailings and inner flaps.
Aerial industry extension + high-end manufacturing of derivative applications, actively capturing opportunities for a significant increase: 1) Aerial master extension: targeting the future of aircraft for “man-in-person, no-intellectual” trends, with unmanned, uncooperative, unmanned and special-purpose aircraft as an extension of the industry
(ii) High-end manufacturing of derivative applications: building on the spillover effects of technology that is superior to the development of aeronautical weapons equipment, focusing on projects such as the manufacture of complex structures, the manufacture of additional materials, etc., and actively nurturing companies to develop new dynamic energy. (3) We believe that companies have a long life cycle of traditional military and civil aircraft.
It is entering the harvest period, and future profitability is expected to increase continuously, while new business may become a new engine for future growth in corporate performance.
In our view, the company is scarce in the construction of our aviation equipment, and the model of the equipment is complete. We expect the company to make net profits in 2025-2027, with military expenditures falling short of expectations, the bulk of the country's aircraft produced below expectations, and new-quality area business developments.
0./ Scanning for more services Scanning for more services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market