Performance continues to grow at a rapid pace, with attention paid to the layout of the assembly channels Europa (6038333) semi-annual evaluation of 2018, with an increase of 25.05 per cent in the same year; net profit on return to mothers of 550 million yuan, with an increase of 32.83 per cent in the same year; and non-return.
Continued rapid growth in performance and steady progress in the various product categories \triangleright 25 per cent increase in corporate revenue over the reporting period, 33 per cent increase in net return to the parent over the same period, and continued rapid increase in performance
Long. By category, cabinets contribute 2,520 million yuan, an increase of 15 per cent over the same period, and continue to perform robustly; closets generate 1,661 million yuan, an increase of 35 per cent over the same period, and continue to grow faster; and wooden doors produce a "one full house, high-end wooden door plus five essential package" package, which generates 157 million yuan in the first half of the year.
A 58 per cent increase in the same year; a higher rate of increase in the sanitary baths, which contributed $183 million in the first half of the year, increased the cost rate during the same period and significantly improved profitability \triangleright
The increase in advertising sales and rental fit-out costs was higher in corporate sales costs, but the faster rate of increase in revenue resulted in sales rates falling by 0.61 to 11.65 per cent on a year-on-year basis; higher gains and losses on exchange in office, R & D, equity incentives and financial costs resulted in an increase in management costs by 2.04 to 11.94 per cent.
\triangleright
In the area of cleaning channels, companies have introduced support measures to support distributors, including cleaning products, marketing support, and the extension of cleaning channels and additions to the system. In the case of cabinet lines, for example, where about 60% of the malls are open, dress orders account for more than 10% of the country’s retail orders, and for more than 10% of the orders.
At the same time, the company has been actively piloting the construction of a home for everyone, and is currently doing so. Research assistant: Xiang Chul 21 and the second batch of more than 40 stores are in preparation. In addition, the company is working on engineering channels, electricity channels, and so on.
The new retail channel shoppingmall continues to function, and the channel system is further enriched and improved.
In terms of the number of outlets, the company actively expanded its distribution stores, with 2208 (58 net), 2015 (143 net), and 975 (net 1. Europa (603833) I.S. 2018
In terms of informatization, the main focus of the company's information-building is on two aspects, the first being a critical assessment: rapid and sustained growth in performance, with everyone at the top of the strategic design, drawings, quotations, next orders, production, logistics, and the second is a closet full of clothes.
One of the keys to the class of 20180427, which promotes the development of all kinds of goods. An initial cabinet connection has been made with three-dimensional households, and a closet with axa.
Classic access, and some cities are already experimenting, and one key in two dimensions will lay the foundation for the development of the community strategy.
The company is the leading company in the custom furniture industry, and we look forward to the integration of the whole category and the O’perry industry,1 the rise in raw materials,2 and the downside of real estate sales. Chen Berquu, Master of Technology in Economics, Beijing Transport University, 2012 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, conducts research in light industry and listed companies.
The author, who has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.