The country’s home-based business is growing rapidly and making a great deal of money. The Europa family, founded in 1994, landed in March 2017 and is engaged in a whole range of custom-based household products.
Personalized design, R & D, production, marketing and installation services, including: overall cabinets, overall closets (all-out-of-the-horizon custom), overall baths and custom wooden doors, for example, with stable data for the entire household industry, collection, profitability, market value, number of stores, etc.
First in the industry. In 2017, the company earned $9.71 billion, an increase of 36.1 per cent over the same period; it became part of an overall closet of 55.1 per cent, an overall closet of 33.9 per cent, a custom wooden door of 3.3 per cent, an overall bath, which has been growing rapidly since it entered the domestic market around the year, with rising consumption and an emphasis on individualized demand.
The year is expected to be accompanied by an increase in industry competition, which is expected to add down to the expected level of real estate, which will put short-term pressure on the industry, but we believe that it is desirable to keep an eye on the size of the wind, and that the short-term pressure will not change to long-term good: 1) all major listed companies have maintained a high rate of growth and have not performed yet
In 2017, the number of furniture firms of more than one size reached 6,000, with an average income of $152 million and a market share of only 3.38 per cent of the total.
Furniture is a large market of nearly trillion space, custom furniture is still very low, with only about 25 per cent of the space being raised; (3) in the short term, the stocking of the three or four-line housing market in the country has had a significant impact, in part stimulating the consumption of furniture, and there is a significant risk that demand in the industry will not go down.
Large; looking at the medium- and long-term, the growth of the industry, the upgrading of consumption, the renovation of old houses, etc., the growth of the industry, the correlation with the new housing area, the increase in penetration rate, the future growth of the industry, the growth of the cabinets, and the expansion of the closets.
The cabinets are the two largest sub-product categories, the markets where custom-made households compete for priority. The department entered the whole closet area earlier, and since its inception in 1994, has been engaged in the whole kitchen business, the industry has accumulated, and is well developed, with an average compound growth rate in 2013-2017.
15.9 per cent, currently in the forefront of the industry. Based on the steady growth of the cabinet business, the company ' s annual compound rate of growth was 44.8 per cent, and by the end of 2017, the closet revenue contribution had been more than 30 per cent, creating a performance-driven two-wheel pattern with the cabinet business.
During the second half of the year, the "Hand of the King" provides the expected poor opportunity. The second half of the year, when the house was sold, took the example of the European family, which accounted for about 60% of the annual income in the second half of 2017, and nearly 70% of the profits. Given the huge number of households that were listed in 2017, this year after the market.
In the first full year, marketing competition may intensify in the second half of the year, with differentiated expectations of performance, we look forward to the break-up of leading companies, and Europoles are expected to be winners.