The performance of the Centre for Consumer Upgrading and Recreational Studies is in line with expectations, channels upgrades and business developments are robust
In the first half of the year, there were 576 new doors in the company’s whole-letter shop, an increase of 9.39%, which means that the overall growth in the furniture industry could be more than 10%. In response to the slowdown in the furniture industry in the first half of the year, the company tried to make up for everyone, micro-loans, and everything.
So far, there are 21 open businesses, and there are 40 in the pipeline, with microscopics in eight cities, a garment shop in two hundred places, and a dress shop in one quarter of 2018.
More than 10, the Conservator's Combine has five. In terms of the results of the new model, where about 60% of the malls have a full supply channel, the order is over 10% of retail orders.
The company speeds up the flow efficiency of power lines, piloting and promoting new retail channels, such as shoppingmall, with more than 80% increase in the January-June billing period.
The Division, as an absolute leader in the customized home sector, has clear channel advantages and barriers, and upgrading and expanding channels in the first half of the year will further consolidate the advantages and enhance the quality of its operations.
4. "The Europa Tri-quarterly Report Review of 2017 - The Growth of the Repository and the Stabilization of the Top " , a product system that divides products into three series of pleasures, pleasures, pleasures, and pleasures.
The cabinet business is more responsive to the needs of different segments of consumers.
The terminal flow has fallen, with the introduction of a “house-wide 22m 219,800 package” to sustain steady growth in terms of profitability, transparency, and quality. Audrey: The company continues to push for branding and product system development, although at present it has a relatively small size, but the faster rate of growth is expected to grow gradually in the coming year and is expected to become a new attraction for the company’s rapid growth.
Moomen: O'Puny wooden door was completely upgraded to O'Puny wooden gate +, and in the first half of the year, the company introduced the “1+5” whole-house package, which uses the wooden gate as a flow entrance, enhances the flow of customers through service and ancillary products, and leads to an increase in the unit price.
In view of the company's overall capacity in the ipo-listed extended closet, the company continues to improve the “all-house” jie_li@gjzq.com.cn Yuni Po
Industry, layout and promotion of woodgate and sub-brand business, new performance growth is taking shape. We maintain the risk of public macroeconomic volatility: the risk of rising costs of raw materials: the income of everyone in the market is not growing as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment