The expected increase in revenue in the second half of the year was reported in light-work manufacturing Events: Exact Report on Corporate Performance in the first half of 2018: 2018h1 operational income
This represents an increase of 36.64 per cent over the same period. q2 Q2 Q$2.39 billion in income, representing an increase of 21.2 per cent over the same period; net return of 476 million yuan, representing an increase of 32.9 per cent over the same period; overall, income at the end of the quarter was lower than in the first quarter, and the increase in the return profit was significantly higher than the gain.
The growth in entry was mainly due to the streamlining of factory staff and product price increases, and by way of product, we estimate that the first half of the year was about 15 per cent higher than in the first half of the year, the second quarter of the year was about 17 per cent higher than in the second quarter alone, and the first quarter of the year was marked by a decline in the closet, which we think is mainly due to two factors.
In terms of total market value/flow (million yuan), on the one hand, the rise in the price of three or four lines of housing is crowding out the consumption of three or four lines of city renovations for a maximum/minimum 12-month period.
Effects, because the three-to-four line is Europe's most important marketing area, where the price of a house doubles in many cities, renovation consumption is the front line for crowding out effects, the most responsive segmented consumption area, Europa Homes (603833), the growth of closets is precipitous.
Many clients have a certain decline in their renovation budgets, and this is the end of our grass-roots research, and it's more and more prominent. And it's also possible that the company is flying in the closet for a few years.
- 2018/04/29 The construction of other channels, such as bulk, home-dressing companies, was neglected in the rapid development process, in the Euroland Homes (603833), A High Quality
The market as a whole is not as good as it used to be, but it's likely to bring some tomorrow's annual reports on the rate of income growth, and a steady happiness for investors. Compared to the growth of the competition's Sofia closet in engineering and other channels, the O'Shea's suit is more common.
- 2018/04/19 There are still some gaps in these areas.
Current stock prices already reflect performance expectations, and at this point in time we see more and no loss, highlighting shareholders' confidence in corporate development.
- 2018/02/28, mainly in March/April, the situation was not ideal, but it has improved markedly since May; (2) the whole system is growing rapidly, the system is dealing with distributors and outsiders.
Together, the company is expected to contribute gradually to the increase in revenue; (3) the company, with better profits in the first half of the year, has more ground and willingness to give more support and return points to the distributors in the second half of the year, and the revenue end is expected to improve gradually. (4) Euphoria has experienced channels and strategies in the first half of the year.
Reconfigured, re-engaged, closeted and expected to gradually contribute revenue in the second half of the year. Investment risk: real estate increases below expectations, orders below expectations
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.