Europa residence (603833.sh) + informative, thin hair, new products and multichannels contributing dynamic energy
The growth in the single quarter was robust and the net profit rate was maintained at 30% +. In real estate pressure, competition plus market data: 23 August 2018 Informationization created cost-efficiency advantages and increased profitability significantly.
37.23% (+3.11%) and net interest rate of 11.35% (+0.67%) respectively, we believe that the main benefit of the increase in corporate capacity for information-building, cost-efficiency control, is that the company works with axa and three-dimensional families to achieve two connections:
One is a key to design, drawings, quotations, next orders, production, logistics; the other is a key to the whole category of garment guard. At present, the company has achieved initial access to closets, closets, and all of us in the +multiple mix, working together to fight our strategy.
The city of Iobin is the first city to be built for everyone, opened in May this year. By the end of July, 602 households (three categories of goods per household) had a sales record of more than 25 million this year.
Preparations for two batches of more than 40 shops are also proceeding in an orderly manner; micro-loans in eight cities have already started to be piloted; more than 200 garment shops, more than 10 garment shops, security stores, and five integration stores are being prepared.
The traditional closet business is growing steadily, and the new product class is growing brightly.
Two hundred and fifty-two million yuan (+15.49 per cent) for the closet, 1,661 million yuan (+35.04 per cent) for the closet, and seven floors for the entire International Center for the Sea.
Shanxi Securities Inc. will gradually grow in the coming year, becoming an important engine for the fast growth of the Support Group. Multi-channel construction will be strong, new retail + reassembly will be dynamic.
\triangleright net increase of 400 stores. By the end of June 2018, the number was 2208, the largest number of new stores were opened in the Opie closets and the O'Briens, and the number of doors was 2015 (+143).
975 (+136). In response to the trend of change in the channels, the company registered a similar increase of over 80 per cent in January-June: the cabinet line operated in about 60 per cent of the malls, and the whole chain of orders accounted for more than 10 per cent of the country ' s retail orders; the total order was more than 200 orders over 20 per cent of the malls, and it was positive.
\triangleright Macroeconomic growth not as expected; property regulation policy risks; new shops not operating as expected; markets \triangleright
Promoting the expected: Risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: managing risks by distributors, etc., Europa In-depth report: "Little knowledge of power", channels, pricing capacity to build protected rivers, 2018-03-14