The closet is expected to bounce back, and one-stop service is the ultimate target. The cabinet business income is the same as expected, and the cabinet+ strategy is upgraded again.
In the wake of the wave of total market value/flow (millions of dollars), the company ' s cabinet business continued to grow steadily, achieving the highest/minimum income of 25.2 months in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, there was an increase of about 17 per cent, in the first half of the year, in the first half of the year, in the second half of the year, and in the second half of the year, there was an increase of about 16 per cent for the second half of the year, and in the second half of the year, in the second half of the year, there was an increase of about 15 per cent for the other half, and in the first half of the year, there was an increase of about 18 per cent for the main brand q2.
The solution is to respond to the new consumption trends and to upgrade the “seine plus” strategy by reshaping the Europa cabinet.
- 2018/04/29 Product system, with products classified as jolly lohas, jolly leshare, l-class Europa (603833)
The annual report, which brings steady happiness to investors, says that the company, as an absolute leader in the cabinet industry, cannot be relaxed.
- 2018/04/19 On the other hand, increasing the design and upgrading of retail products and relying on Ophori, the branding of more consumers is a top priority for future development.
After six months of adjustment, we look forward to its follow-up, with a slightly lower-than-expected revenue from the closet business, consumption crowding out, partial new openings contributing more than a billion dollars, an increase of 35 per cent over the same period, of which q2 received $998 million, an increase of 23.6 per cent over the same period.
Brands show that the main brand Europeans grew by 32% in the first half of the year, q2 by 20% in the same year, and sub-products, Quasi 2018h1 by 297% in the same year, and q2 by 313% in the same year.
The number of doors + the number of new doors opened in one year + the number of new ones in three-and-a-half, 2018h1 channels elasticity is about 33%, and the number of customers is about 2%. The price increases are minimal, and the number of orders is almost equal to the increase in income.
We think the answer is no, because in many cases, the indicator of growth of our elastic counterparts, based on the number of shops we used to use, has been distorted. For two reasons, for enterprises like Europa, Sofia, it's more often open in the same city.
Encryption, rather than expanding a whole new market, in which case, why should we open a shop at a faster pace in the last few years?
On the one hand, there will be a period of time from the start of operations to maturity, and from our grass-roots research, there will be even instances in some cities where people are not as popular as traditional construction stores.
On the other hand, the rise of new retail outlets such as plastics, electricity, etc., has led to the sale of traditional furniture materials.
There has been a profound change in Dow, and it's clear that the revenue from these channels does not have much to do with the number of shops, and from what we've been looking at at at the roots, whether the flow in the home malls has fallen or whether these new channels have emerged quickly, the firms have to make a corresponding change faster or better.
Ge will be in a better position to compete in the future. 2) Where are the major differences between the Europeans and the treasures, as one of the three custom leaders who grew faster in the first half of the year?
In addition to the greater potential of opening a shop with more Internet-guiding skills, we believe that the biggest difference between the two is in the income structure alone, which is the income of the household products. The income of the special homes with 2018h1 products is 81.5% higher than the income of the rest of the population.
It's close to 5 percentage points. But the Europeans have been growing slowly in the first half of the year, and we believe that the problems are mainly related to: (i) the richness and diversity of product selection; and (ii) the need for different products of both quality and class, and the need to match the suit, such as the real wood set.
Dinners can match the American-style air sofa, with 22 square metres of 19,800 with the fabric sofa, and sales of home-made products can affect the overall passenger value of the closet business to a large extent. 3) Innovation in products is lacking in the first half of the year?
Sofya, the competitor, did a lot of writing on the abundance of products in the first half of the year, pushing a lot of new product lines, but the Europeans, at least in the first half of the year, looked at how little product innovation is, and we think it's possible that it's a very popular new medium, very simple, and so on.
And it's also one of the reasons that influences the number of orders and the value of the bill, which, from a consumer's point of view, sometimes does not just offer product premiums for higher-end materials, such as real wood, baked paint, etc., and in many cases, consumers prefer to pay premiums for newer designs and better designs.
Is it a wise thing to do? If so, how should it be implemented? Is headquarters a one-size-fits-all or more free space for distributors? It's a hard question to say, and I'd rather throw it here for discussion.
Theoretically, lower prices may widen the consumer population that is willing to choose Europe, and, in the face of overall industry pressure, some price wars at the forefront may be more conducive to the trade’s shuffling. But in practice, the choice of European customers is more about whether or not it is Euro price.
G? Or is it possible that the prices of the Europa would never have had a special advantage in history? Is it the target of the Euro 22,3800 clients who are willing to buy them? How could it be better to absorb them?
We believe that the products of the Europeans have never been particularly cheap, and that the Europeans, as leading brands, are positioned in medium- and high-end markets, whether brand power or the real quality of the product is higher than some of the competitors. In such cases, prices are properly higher than those of the competitors, at least priced.
More than competitors, we think it's reasonable, after all, because it's consumer goods, not building materials, not cement, glass. Only in one case would it be necessary to push 22 flat 19,800, which is that most of Europe's clients who are able to accept 1,100-1200.
It's time to push the package. The biggest problem with 22 flat 19,800 could be to compress the profit margin of the distributors, and if we push it at the headquarters level, it might lead to our grass-roots research.
There is no room for distributors to turn to competitors, on the one hand because distributors' closets don't make money, and it's hard to connect with other products such as wooden doors (plus 1000, buy a wooden door, etc.) and, on the other hand, distributors may find it difficult to educate consumers about what we do better than competitors.
Because household products are low-frequency consumer goods, the education of consumers is difficult. The rapid growth of the previous years in the Eurasia closet is in fact largely due to competition with other competitors for products that can play quality cards, design cards, etc., but if prices fall to 900 (per flat, projection)
When it comes to the area, it may be difficult to educate consumers about the quality of their products. And then jump out of the Euro 22 flat 19,800, and let's look at the 518 package of the remix, and the careful investors will find that the 518 package is not a product of large-scale concessions, and more from it.
The house-wide perspective gives consumers a solution, whether custom-made or soft, which we think is an important reason for this year’s significant growth in the matchmaking product. So it is likely that the consumer’s more focused on the solution, the quality of the product, the quality of the service, is not good.
Moreover, the price of customized products is largely unpriced, more expensive hardware, moving doors, opening doors, having doors, affecting the final price or the cost of the merchants to a large extent, not a simple price per square metre.
5. The consumption-crowding effect of the rapid rise in the price of three or four lines of housing, which has had a crowd-crowding effect on the consumption of three or four lines of city improvement, because the three or four lines are the most important area for the marketing of Europa, and the renovations have been eliminated in many cities with the price doubling.
Fees as the front line, the most responsive breakdown of consumption, many clients' renovations, some reduction in budget balances, which is also compatible with the results of our grass-roots research. 6) Preparations for neglect in the marketing of diversified channels
In the course of these years, the company’s closet business has ignored the construction of major, domestic and other channels, which may result in a certain increase in revenue when the overall market is not as good as it used to be. Compared to the competition’s Sofia closet, it's in engineering and others.
On the one hand, the company speeds up the information and develops the key, and in many ways drives the pilot process.
Caxa and three-dimensional teams worked together to create a race to achieve two connections: one from the design, drawings, quotations, orders, production, logistics, and the other from the whole category of closet carte blanche, which was built into a massive system of engineering, and the company was close to it.
Billion dollars to build the project. So far, initial cabinets have been set up with three-dimensional units, caxa has been set up with closets, and testing has started in some cities, and the next step will be to share the same software with multiples.
On the other hand, on the basis of the experience and experience of the traditional commons model, the company has tried to make it a reality and a willingness for different cities and distributors.
In 2018, the tradition represented by Taikura led to a 92% positive growth. Eibin City, as the head of the department, was built in the pilot city, and since it opened in May of this year, it has been in three short-term cities.
According to our grass-roots research, Europa and home-dressing companies have achieved a very good two-way flow effect, and by the end of July they'll be able to fill up their doors with singles.
Nearly 360, of which 20-25% were converted into domestic loading orders, home loading companies took orders from the single number of 300, baths, and home loading companies, after working with the Europeans, made a stock exchange rate of 20% from the previous 20%.
We believe that companies are expected to further accelerate the exploration and follow-up of the assembly model in the future, because this is a trend and the front end of the flow, and the Euros are one of the most powerful brands in the entire household, and we think there is enough opportunity for industrial integration.
Material dealers, suppliers, and strategic high points in the domestic loading chain are that companies will have to consider more issues in the future The increase in profitability is evident and the cost of business expansion increases during the period.
The Māori rate for the company was 37.23% in the first half of the year, an increase of 3.11 pct in the same year, with the Māori rate for cabinets being 40.0% and the cost of price and build-up being reduced. The cost of the company was 23.55% in the first half of the year, compared with the cost of the company ' s growing size, the cost of sales and the cost of each.
This is due to an increase in management costs. Cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services has increased by 13 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and we believe that the increase below the income end is mainly due to a significant increase in large-scale operations and preferential payments for all.
The current stock prices reflect performance expectations, and at this point in time we have seen a lot more: (1) the build-up of people is growing rapidly, the system’s distributors and the external department of the system are working together, and it is hoped that they will gradually contribute to the increase in income.
The rest of the families, more than 10 of them piloted the closet and five of them were prepared for the shop; (2) with better profits in the first half of the year, there was more ground and willingness to give more support and return points to the distributors in the second half of the year, and the income end was expected to improve gradually. (3) In the first half of the year, O'Hara was in the first half of the year.
After years of re-engineering of channels and strategies, we've resumed the procession, the closets are connected, and the second half of the year is expected to see the Institute.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.