Performance met expectations, with \triangleright profit of $952 million, or +71.11 per cent.
And the price of products rises; the same increase in net return is mainly due to vertical integration in the industrial chain. Battery modules are back to record levels and have a leading role.
15.67gw (inclusive of 108mw), of which about 67% of overseas shipments are made, components receive the same proportion, maintain vertical integration and expand production capacity to reduce production costs.
Dang Young-kang The silicon and battery capacity is about 80% of the component capacity, the component capacity is expected to be over 50gw by the end of 2022, the construction and planning capacity is expected to be ready for production next year, and the component capacity is expected to be over 50gw by the end of 2023.
The 10gw lacquer and slices (the 20gw lacquer project, phase II), the 3.5gw battery in Viet Nam, the 5gw battery in Guo Yingzheng, and the 2.5gw assembly, were successfully launched.
It is proposed to issue a transferable fund-raising fund of up to $10 billion to cover 20gw lacquer, slice project, 10gw high-efficiency battery and 5gw high-efficiency component project, 10gw high-efficiency unit per year
The solar cell project, this integrated layout, will boost research and development investment in the industrial development of large-scale n-type products, s010122060013, to further advance the two-wing strategy.
7.20% of operating income is at the industry top level. The company ' s n-bycium battery is now 25% conversion efficiency with a volume scale; hjt high-efficiency battery is running on test lines; and the high power of high-efficiency battery assembly Deepblue 4.0x can reach 625w compared to the mainstream p component, single-watts.
2q1 quarterly review: vertically integrated accelerated layout, one power generation of about 3.9 per cent higher, bos costs of about 2.1 per cent lower and lcoe costs of 2022/05/02 advanced wing strategy
Low 4.6%, with a further increase in project returns. The company is now moving forward with the one-wing strategy, focusing on the main industrial chain of silicon-cell-assemblies-components, with the photovoltaic support and equipment industry, and the photovoltaic-plus application scenario solution as the two-wing industry and industry leadership.
It is the leading firm in the light-voltage integration component, accelerated vertical integration, advanced strategy with a two-wing strategy, with the hope of benefiting from the high profile of the photovoltaic industry and maintaining a “recommended” rating. The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for the content and perspective of the report.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.