The rise in market share was clear, and profitability was strong, and transport and logistics performed well in the fourth quarter of 22 and in the first quarter of 23rd year. 53,544 million yuan was collected throughout 2022.
(+18.6%) net profit not attributable to the mother, $3.78 billion (+82.9%); market share increased significantly in the quarter of the 22nd quarter of the quarter of the quarter of the year, with single-ticket prices falling slightly over the same quarter. Business growth in the quarter of the 22nd quarter of the year and in the first quarter of the 23rd year of the year was -2% and +20%, respectively.
Long-term acceleration of recovery. Thanks to business optimization and service upgrading. Rounds of 22, 4-quarters annual market shares and year-to-year ratios.
Heart indicators continue to match their peers. In the context of high oil prices and rising epidemiological costs, cost control for 2022 circulars remained stable, with transport costs and transit costs of 0.51 and 0.31 single tickets, respectively, +1.7 and +2.7 per cent respectively.
In the fourth quarter of 2021, the company maintained its six-quarter single-way net profit at a high level, mainly as a result of the continued easing of industry prices, and (2) improved management of the company’s own operations and optimized customer structure.
The capital expenditure of $4.74 billion (820 million less than the same year) and $1.17 billion ($1.17 billion less than the same year) (the same year), the four-quarter performance of the circular express (60023.sh) continued to be impressive, with 23 years of demand repair, and companies’ long-term values highlighted.
Round Express (60023.sh) - Low season prices were robust, single-way profit-backed, macroeconomic and business recovery, consumer consumption recovery, fast-forward efficiency, plus 22 years. Round-way (600233.sh) - single-way profit performance was bright and competitive.
We predict that the growth in the demand for express goods will return to more than double digits. In our view, in 2023, the round was based on a better business efficiency and quality of service, against the background of the tenacity of the circular express (60023.sh) - express delivery operation, which is two-quarter profit loops compared to the demand of the industry.
The round express (600233.sh) - price robust + client structure optimized, with a quarterly surplus, will continue to achieve a steady increase in market share and a steady increase in profitability. Investment proposals: a slight reduction in profit forecasts, and maintenance of a “buy-in” rating.
The market share has risen significantly in the first quarter of the round, with single-card prices falling slightly over the same period. The volume of business in the quarter of the 22nd quarter and the first quarter of the 23rd quarter grew at -2% and +20%, respectively, and the growth of demand in the express was accelerated after the outbreak was liberalized. Thanks to business optimization and service upgrading, the market share in the 22nd and 4th quarter of the round increased by 0.5 percentage points in the same year.
Controlled that the prices of circulars in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year were +3.9% (comparable caliber) and 2.2%, respectively, and that the circle continued to improve its integrated competitiveness, with one-way net profit performing robustly. The circle was able to make full use of digital transformation over the past two years.
In the context of high oil prices and the increase in the cost of the epidemic, cost controls in 2022 remained stable, with single ticket transport costs of 0.51 and single ticket transit costs of 0.31, the same ratio of +1.7 per cent and +2.7 per cent, respectively.
In the fourth quarter of 2021, the company has maintained a single-way net profit at a high level for six consecutive quarters, mainly as a result of the continued slowdown in industry prices, and (2) improved management of the company’s own business and optimized client structure.
Looking ahead to the post-epidemiological era of 2023, when macroeconomic and business recovery, consumer consumption recovery, efficiency improvements in Express operations, and adding to the 22-year low demand base, we predict that the growth in Express demand will return to more than double digits.
By 2023, based on better operational efficiency and quality of service, the steady increase in municipal occupancy and the assurance by the author that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.