The growth in profits continues to increase, capital is effectively replenished, and performance continues to improve. 23q1-3 accumulated returns, and net returns are 23h1 times higher than the rate of increase.
The profit margin continues to be released, with 25.2% of the profit increase being the highest in the bank block. The net interest income of 23q1-3 increased by 0.7 pct from +7.1% for the same year, depending on the collection line, the main beneficiary of the positive performance of the net interest differential is to calculate the annualized interest difference of q3 over q2 bp.
On the other hand, the negative contribution of the middle-income was reduced, with the same rate of q3 over the course of the quarter + 9.0 per cent. The other non-interestable income of 23q1-3 expanded steadily and the stocking capacity was stronger. Total assets at the end of 23q3, total loans, total deposits \triangleright, respectively
In the case of loans, q3 Q3 Q$43.4 billion in additional credit was invested, adding 157 to public, retail, paper, and the balance was more than 20% higher than at the beginning of the year.
1. The Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) incident review: 378 per cent of the three major shares, which is basically the same as at the end of 23h1, with a higher risk countervailing capacity and a better anti-breeding space for profit.
Debt-to-equity capital replenishment, opening up scope for scale expansion. Silver-to-equity swaps effectively replenished capital, sustained high performance, and debt-to-equity swaps period -2023/08/3. Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) 23h1 performance flashpoint
The high rate of expansion is strongly supported by a 27.2 per cent increase in net profit returns, a “near-scale” transfer of investment proposals: continued high performance and a smooth asset quality.
\triangleright - 2023/08/02 The Bank of Jiangsu continued to perform with excellent performance, economic zone advantage was maintained, and scale expansion remained at a high rate
In-depth reports by Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) indicate that the medium-deeping rate, the sound quality of assets, the successful transfer of debt to effectively replenish capital, and the development of a strong inventory value of 0.6 times 23 years pb for the continuation of the high-speed scale, maintain a “recommended” rating.
Figure 1: Jiangsu Bank ' s performance as at 23q3 increased at the same rate (cumulative) Figure 2: Jiangsu Bank ' s net interest income as at 23q3 increased at the same rate (cumulative) Figure 3: Jiangsu Bank ' s other non-interest income as at 23q3 increased at the same rate (cumulative)
Figure 5: Jiangsu Bank's total liabilities as at 23q3, total deposits on a year-on-year basis Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements Analysis of methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.