Jiangsu Bank (600,919): Profit surge: 27 October, Jiangsu Bank published a tri-quarter report for 2023, received and prepared in the first three quarters. Jiangsu Bank is located in 10 non-Sixie, Suzhou, Nanton and others in Jiangsu province.
On the basis of urban commercial banks, the consolidated and restructured modern stockholdings have grown in size, interest spreads are resilient, credit costs have supported higher profits, and the regressive growth of the Roe commercial banks has created a new model for the reform of local corporate banks.
The company officially started operating on 24 January 2007 at a rate of 25.2% net profit growth in the first three quarters of Jiangsu, leading the market.
The main contribution, according to the split, comes from a steady growth in revenue and a decline in credit costs. Living well, whose mission is “to integrate innovation, to act pragmatically, and (1) to maintain faster growth on a scale of 14.2% more than in the previous year, with two large deposits, deposits, and loans.
The business culture, led by Lepreción, has developed into a modern, integrated and competitive market, leading to the construction of leading commercial banks that are “characterized, intelligent, integrated and internationalized”
In the first three quarters, we measured a net interest gap of 2.27%, a decline of only 5bps in the same year. On non-interest income, under this heading, the reduced pressure on the provision has contributed significantly to profit growth.
The difference remains tenacity, as a result of the low percentage of mortgage loans (1h23 mortgages account for 14.4% of total loans), the lesser impact of stock mortgage interest rate swaps, and the firm’s initiative to optimize the asset-liability structure. In the middle, manufacturing lending rose by 23.7% to 23.9 billion at the beginning of the year, accounting for 23% of public loans.
Three quarters of debt-to-equity swaps have been completed, and equity expansion has helped companies to continue to expand their business faster. The asset-liability structure suggests that small loans with higher asset-end yields, particularly policy-subsidized and inclusive microfinance, have been growing faster, and are expected to have a negative impact on the level of smooth asset yields.
At a single-season rate of interest spending, we expect the firm’s living ratios to remain relatively stable.  assets are of stable quality and stable provision.  At the end of September, Jiangsu Bank had a non-performing loan rate of 0.91% and a flat rate; concern is about the loan rate of 1.30%, ring
At the end of September, the provision coverage, the investment proposal: regional economic advantage plus capital replenishment, and the growth in corporate profitability is expected to sustain the industry's leadership.
First, in conjunction with the three-quarterly reports, the firm's conversion to equity is complete, capital replenishment is in place, and regional credit needs are relatively good, and the size is expected to grow faster. Continued optimization of the asset structure, stable performance in net income spreads, continued excellence in asset quality and provision for replenishment are expected to boost profitability growth in the long run.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn, based in Jiangsu province, has a strong financial background and is ahead of the market share of the province ' s savings loans and is expected to benefit fully s14805070003
Figure 1: The net profit of Jiangsu Bank in the first three quarters grew by 25.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Figure 2: Jiangsu Bank net profits increased by 21.5 per cent over the same period for the 3q23 season. Figure 3: Revenue attribution for 1h23 and 3q23 from Jiangsu Bank. Figure 4: Jiangsu Bank loan balances increased by 12.9 per cent in late September, 14.2 per cent from the previous year. Figure 5: Jiangsu Bank net interest difference of 1h23 decreased by 4bp to 2.28 per cent over 22 years.
Source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East: Figure 6: Poor rate of interest, flat rate of interest at the end of September, figure 7: flat rate of coverage at the end of September
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Bank of Jiangsu (600919).
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Jiangsu Bank (600919), where profits are growing at a very high rate, and the net difference remains tenacity.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.