Replenishment of equity capital into a new cycle of sustainable growth Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
In the late third quarter of 2023, Jiangsu Bank registered a 9.15 per cent increase in the same year and a 25.21 per cent increase in the same year ' s net return. The recovery was more resilient, with a steady increase in performance, a slight slowdown from the 23h1 year-to-year increase, and company prices compared to the 300-year-old trend.
The international slowdown or the impact of the three-quarters debt market volatility, the higher return on fair value changes than the higher of the loan structure, and the stronger growth in domestic growth, both retail and public investment, were better than last year's last year's third quarter of 2023, when Jiangsu Bank's total assets, interest-bearing assets and loans were divided.
The impact is weak, but the performance of public and retail investments is better on a single season than in the same period last year. The net increase in public loans (excluding discounts) of q3 was 15.7 billion on a year-round pre-disbursement basis, with one quarter higher than 23 q2 and 22 q3. The excess of public investments was completed throughout the year, with 23 q1-3 versus the beginning of the year.
The real economy, such as manufacturing, inclusive micro-credit, green credit growth maintained strong, and the relative capacity of the stock was further strengthened. The increase in deposits was mainly due to personal business billion, with 22q3 itemized increases in deposits coming mainly from personal business, public and private.
Negative management excellence, significant QC advantage: asset quality remained stable, security margins were high, and performance ratings were reported in mid-2023.
In the last quarter of 2023, the Bank of Jiangsu had a flat rate of poor quality and a flat rate of 0.91 per cent, a slight increase of 1 bp to 1.3 per cent in the chain of concern, a provision of 378.12 per cent and a security margin.
The Bank announced on 4 September 2023 that it would exercise early foreclosure of silver and silver and complete the conversion on 19 October. Capital strength was further enhanced, with core capital at the end of 23q3.
At the end of the supply of financial resources, Jiangsu Bank has continued to improve its capacity to operate and perform over a period of weeks.
The period has continued to increase, the quality of assets has improved continuously, and the city's comptoirs are more dynamic than the banks of the same size; at the end of the financial resource demand, the Jiangsu region has a strong credit climate, highly competitive gold-coalition institutions, and Jiangsu Bank has a strong and resilient capacity for public retailing.
Financial institutions in the Jiang Zhe region are in the lead and continue to be better structured, with endogenous potential for sustainable growth. According to the three-quarterly report 2023, the Bank of Jiangsu is expected to maintain a strong upward trend in its performance, taking into account the strong competitive advantage of companies in comparable industries.
The macro- and regional economies’ sharp downside has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets and a significant increase in negative outcomes. The continuing decline in demand for finance has slowed credit growth and increased competition for illegitimate prices.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.