Annual Report 2020: q4 performed well and Māori rate improved 1304, 2021, when companies received an annualized $7 billion in new project orders.
q4 performance is within the maximum range forecasted for the previous period. q4 high-income growth core benefits from continued stocking of adas+ meter plus class products. q4 Māori indicator loops increase by 1.48 pcc over the same ratio, and sales and R&D rates have decreased slightly over the same period. Other benefits are due to company embedded software.
Value-added tax refunds confirm a significant increase in current revenues of $91 million, which is one of the central reasons for the large increase in net profits of o4. The fastest growth in sub-business performance in the year 2020 was in instrumentation operations (year-on-year + 135.5 per cent) +das operations (year-on-year + 64 per cent) even in the overseas Madhuda operations.
The major downside of the epidemic is still reaching +14% and the Māori ratio has improved by 0.8 pct, probably due to an increase in the value added of high software products. Three operations are moving forward, enabling companies to keep their performance up. In smart cabins, software power is high.
In 2020, the company produced a new generation of smart seats based on the hypervisor architecture, using a qnxhypervisor and qnxneutrino  real-time operation system to carry the company's latest ar navigation. In smart driving, adas functions.
The product has successfully expanded its client base, and more features are expected to accelerate production and landing; the domain controller is an eco-important link to the British Weida, and Desai is bringing up the asp through deep binding. The Automated Parking System, the 360-degree high-scope system, and the Drivers Monitoring System have been successful in breaking through the steam utility, long.
The new generation combines parking, driving and advanced 1 and Transceivers: products, not smart driving aids, have been ordered for new projects in the country’s leading companies.
+Customer double release, q4 over-predicted xavier's ipu03 driver product, which has been matched to little pap7. The driver ipu04, based on the British Weldaorin chip, has worked strategically with the ideal.
The company has launched its entire network of service products, such as ota, cybersecurity, blue whales 3.0 and has broken through Chang-Ang as part of a major development strategy.
Non-recurring gains and losses, O3 performances of beauty, white-point clients such as Ford, Jiang Xiao Xiao, and winning technology, as well as contributing to the first Téda network ota upgrade, and the co-operative Hicar hosts are also being used in various oem projects.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: national production replacement acceleration + one-core multiscreen upgrade, smart-class offers 2020-08-14
Upgrade; car network platform is active when the adas product is released; autopilot domain control platform is built based on the British chip, with industry giants moving in, opening up future growth; smart network high view + card scarcity + higher performance in the future, and Desai is expected to enjoy higher estimates.
Value premium, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.