Texas q4 outperformed, with a pre-eminence advantage such as domain controllers looking good, net profit of $520 million, an increase of 77.4 per cent over the same period; proceeds of $0.94 per share, to be found in gold and red for every 10 shares.
Three dollars (including taxes). Of this total, q4 achieved business income of 2.5 billion yuan, an increase of 39.6 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of 200 million yuan, an increase of 33.7 per cent in the same year, with slightly higher expectations. Domestic vehicle sales continued to warm, company clients were of high quality and the value of their products significantly increased, with new orders of about 7 billion yuan in 2020.
Domain output will drive rapid growth. The domain controller is the core parts of the future automobile, and corporate smart drive q4 is growing at a very high rate, with slightly higher than expected performance. Domestic vehicle sales affected by the epidemic declined by 6.0% in 2020, but new products from companies are coming into production, and major customers are showing good performance in terms of mass sales.
The negative income growth of 27.4 per cent was expected to result from a 0.6 pct increase in the year-round, due to improvements in product structure and a rise in model effects. Sales costs increased by 9.8 per cent, with significant cost control effects. Management costs increased by 22.8 per cent, mainly as a result of increases in employee remuneration and so on.
The competitive advantage continues to be in the lead. Financial costs have declined significantly, mainly as a result of the increase in exchange rate earnings. Four cost rates have decreased by 2.7 pct over the year, combined with higher incomes and Māori rates, resulting in an increase in net profit of 117.5%. q4 domestic car sales have continued to rebound, with company revenues growing by 39.6% significantly better than industry, gross.
Interest rates were raised by 1.5 pc over the same year, financial costs were reduced by 251 per cent, four cost rates were reduced by 2.1 pc over the same year, net profit of $230 million was realized, an increase of 51.5 per cent over the same year, and performance was slightly higher than expected. Clients and orders were well expanded, with high growth rates.
Toyota, Maluti Suzuki, among others, will also be the point of growth in the volume of future projects. On the product side, the existing entertainment navigation system is gradually expanding to smart cabins, smart driving, etc.
The value of the product has increased significantly, and new projects such as a fully automated parking and 360-degree viewing system will boost the firm’s rapid growth in performance. With regard to orders, despite adverse effects, such as delays in bidding for projects, the company received $7 billion annually in new orders in 2020, laying a good foundation for higher performance growth.
As the electrical and electronic structure evolves from a segmented to a centralized one, the domain controller becomes the core part of the smart pilot and smart cabin, and is expected to explode. The company-backed smart-driving domain controller ipu03 is already on the small pap7 model.
Production and realization of class-I2+ smart driving, and co-development of auto-pilot domain controller ipu04 with the ideal car, Yveta, etc. The company smart-space control has been set up with Xihu 8plus at a market price on April 13, 2021.
The company has taken the lead in the area of domain controllers, and has worked closely with British Weida, among others.
Taking into account the sustained recovery of industry sales and the volume of new projects, we've raised the profit forecast, and we're expecting companies to take a look at 20201027 Desecway: New Project Intensive Production, 2020q1 Superperformance.
1) Motor sales are not as high as expected; 2) new products are not as fast as expected; 3) raw materials are at higher prices or products are at lower prices.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.