The performance cut-off point has come to an end, and the forward indicator is strong, with an increase of 117.50 per cent. In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved an operating income of 2,042 million yuan, an increase of 78.30 per cent; a net profit of 228 million yuan, an increase of 312.8 per cent; and a net profit of 223 million yuan, a deduction of non-returned mothers.
Quicken the release of the smart cabin and the new product is entering the order harvest period. Both the Carborne Information Recreation System and the emerging products display modules and systems and LCD instruments have been well developed, with vehicle-based information and entertainment now generating $4,595 million, an increase of 13.96% over the same period, and the Māori rate 0.81 to 24.58%; driving information is evident.
The main contribution comes from the doubling of sales of new product models and systems, LCD instruments, and sufficient stocking of orders; and the realization of $331 million in revenue from the Car Physical Information and Control System, a decrease of 9.85 per cent compared to the previous year. The beneficial smart cabins have gradually increased penetration in fuel and power cars, adding up the car market to the expected recovery in 2021, with smart cabin operations.
Smart driving doubles in size and yields faster. Smart driving continues to multiply, with products such as all-self-operated parking systems, 360-degree high CCD systems and driver monitoring systems being delivered in bulk to a large number of mainstream companies in the country.
The ipu04 in orin also works strategically with the ideal car. In addition, online services products are increasingly commercialized, during which the first-ever car-networked ota upgrade of the popular Qatar brand, and the wicar-powered host of the Chinese partnership are also being used in several oem projects, and the new product scalding package is expected to increase companies’ future performance.
By 2020, the company’s products broke through white dots like Jiang Huai, Maluti Suzuki, Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Japan, the Great Wall, Jili, Guangbus, Biadi, Uri, Ideal, Peng, etc.
Although the epidemic led to the postponement of new projects for some clients, the company achieved a significant increase in annualized sales of 70% in 2020, with an advanced target of 23.39% in 2020, net interest rates, versed.
Automobile e-headings, in the context of the downward recovery of the car market, the continued development and expansion of new customers of new products, are expected to keep the company’s performance on track. First, the performance trap has arrived, and the vanguard indicators are strong.
Desai Siwei is a domestic car electronic leader, with product layout focusing on three major lines of business: smart cockpit, smart driver, and network service. The front-loaded CCS system is a corporate fist. The company’s client structure tends to diversify, deepening collaboration with mainstream firms like the European-American, Japanese and autonomous brands, breaking down in 2020 with Jianghua, Maruti Suzuki (India), Toyota (Nisi, India).
White Point clients also received new project orders from a large number of companies, including the general public, Hiroshima Toyota, Toyota, Japan, the Great Wall, Jili, the car, the bus, Biadi, the car we came from, the ideal car, and the pelican car. Despite the fact that the epidemic led to the postponement of new projects by some clients, the company received new annual sales orders of $7 billion in 2020.
(i) Products such as smart cabins, smart driving, liquid crystal meters, web-based services, and large-screened vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems. (i) Volume-of-size lifts, capped at sufficient intervals between hand orders; net profit of $462 million on non-repatriation is realized, an increase of 117.50 per cent.
In particular, the rate of growth has been at an all-time high, with companies achieving business income of 2,042 million yuan, an increase of 78.30 per cent over the same period; and the accelerated release of the smart cabin and the entry of new products into the order harvest period. Smart cabin operations are the cornerstone of the company's development.
The system achieved revenue of $4,595 million in 2020, an increase of 13.96 per cent over the previous year; the driving information display system achieved revenue in 2020, mainly from new product display modules and systems, doubling the sales of LCD instruments, and sufficient stock of orders to facilitate its continued rapid development; the body and body information and control system achieved revenue of $331 million in 2020, a decrease of 9.85 per cent over the same period.
The driving industry continues to experience a doubling of growth, a fully automated parking system, a 360-degree high-level CCD system and a driver’s monitoring system, among other products, which have been delivered in bulk to a large number of mainstream companies in the country, ipu03, based on Weildaxavier, which has been produced on small p7, and ipu04, based on Weidelin, which is also strategically working with ideal cars.
Now commercialized, contributing to the first ota upgrade of the popular Djeda brand, and the co-operative Hicar-enabled mainframe are also being used in several oem projects.
In 2020, the company ' s Māori rate was 23.39%, up from 0.64 pct in the same period the previous year, with a decline in R&D costs for vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems, but overall R&D investment, rising by 24.6% to 817 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, is still at a high level.
(iii) A significant increase in operational efficiency, with advanced indicators, in the rate of R & D costs in Desaiway, from 2016 to 2020. Stock growth of 22.77 per cent and 34.38 per cent, respectively, at the end of the first quarter of the year, all of which are historically high and companies have sufficient orders at hand;
(i) Income projections and assumptions 1, Carborne Information Recreation System: taking into account the gradual increase in the penetration of smart cabins in fuel and electric vehicles, the build-up of cars
The market is expected to recover in 2021 and, based on the company's ongoing expansion of new and old customer projects, we expect the business to increase further the Māori ratio.2 Driving information display systems: as new project orders displaying modules and systems, LCD operations are phased in, we anticipate
The Māori rate has been steadily increasing, taking into account the 85%, 50%, 30%, and the impact of the rise in the prices of raw materials such as upstream panels, chips, etc., in 2021-2023, respectively.4 Other: we believe that traditional driving power is becoming an important increase in the industry, with the great fox Alphas.
The release of the Hi-Chi model will trigger an acceleration in the mass production of smart cars, which we expect to sustain at a high speed of 50 per cent in 2021-2023, with the company ' s ipu01-04 product breaking up in joint ventures and autonomous branding companies, leading to a sustained increase in Māori production.
Not 89 times, 65 times, and 50 times. As a domestic automobile electronic leader, the company’s growth of new customers in the downstream car market has continued to advance, and the company’s performance is expected to continue to improve.
Increased competition in the industry; less-than-expected warming of the car market; delays in the advancement of hand orders; and policy restrictions on industrial development. The company has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CVM.
Activities related to information, analysis, prediction or recommendation, and direct or indirect charging of services.As a result of the data used, the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks to be unique.