q4 has a bright eye, and there's a steady breakthrough in the area of smart network.
The company published its annual report for 2020, which achieved a gross operating income of $6,799 million, an increase of 27.39 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $518 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of $518 million over the same period.
The upper limit of the multi-billion-dollar zone, with q4 showing bright performance, a single quarter of 2,501 million won, and a sustained recovery of good corporate performance, coupled with traditional car smartness, speed, the company's intelligent cabin, intelligent driving and network service products for many years in a row are new and old.
Household orders drive better growth. In addition, companies have been successful in keeping up with profitable operations and cost excellence, with higher R & D costs/business income of 10.31% increasing by 0.64 pct in 2020 compared to the previous year.
Three major businesses have grown well, with new clients and new orders continuously breaking through: 1 smart cabin, reporting the company's annual report _aaa_Secway (002920), core revenue, $4,595 million, or 13.96 per cent of the year's revenue, for the Car Information and Recreation System, which accounts for 13.96 per cent of the year's revenue.
_aaa_Desessive (002920) 3-quarter review of receipts 16.28 per cent, showing sales of modules and systems, LCD instruments up by 100 per cent on a par, multiple screen smart pods already on a wide range of cars, Walls, Chang An, Chiri
_aa_Desessive (002920) semi-annual reports of a number of car companies, such as cars, ideal cars, skycars, etc., achieving mass-scale production and continuing to receive new project orders from a core client, such as a red flag, a wide passenger vehicle, and a long-assed car; 2, smart driving
Drive, collection continues to grow at a rate of over 100 per cent, complete automatic parking systems, 360-degree high equivalency, and products such as the Evisibility System and the Drivers Monitoring System have been delivered in bulk to a large number of mainstream companies in the country.
;3 Network services, successively rolling out full-scale ota, network security, blue whale OS 3.0 terminal, and web service products, such as Xu Chunlin Software, successfully breaking through the white spots of Chang Anfort, Jiang Xiao and winning technology.
Clients, s02705180001, contributing to the first-ever bus connection of the Volkswagen Djeda brand, ota upgrades, and the co-operative Hicar hosts are also used in several oem projects. 2020, although affected by the epidemic.
Some of the new client projects have been postponed, but the company still receives an annualized sales order of $7 billion, which shows that the company will continue to benefit from automobile intelligence, network development, good growth of new customers, newcomers, and maintenance of an “enhanced” rating for the company's three main lines of business.
Risk factors: vehicle sales are below expectations and smart network operations are not expanding as expected