Desai Siwei (002922.sz) continues to grow strongly throughout the quarter, and the Smart Network opens up the space for future growth.
On 15 April, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2021, with 2021q1 earning 2,042 million yuan, an increase of 78.3 per cent over the same period; a net profit of 228 million yuan, an increase of 312.08 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of 223 million yuan, a high rate of growth in the same quarter and a steady increase in profitability.
2021q1, corporate revenue grew by 78.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while corporate product structure continued to optimize, with a marked improvement in the Māori rate since the first quarter of 2020, with a single-quarter Māori score of 2020q1-2020q4
The Division's profitability has been increasing, with net profit from the return of 2021q1 increasing by 312.08 per year; net interest rates on sales reaching 11.18 per cent, higher by 6.36 pct and higher by 3.18 pcc per year.
On the one hand, the policy specifies a 25% penetration rate by 2020. On the other hand, major car companies have made it clear that after 2020 they will launch a class 1-3 smart driving model. The company’s product, which covers smart cabins, autopilots, has been supplied in many of the models of multiple core clients: April 2020.
The company's 193-level autopilot domain controller product - 1.pu03 official volume product, accompanied by a p7 model for the supply of pelicans, and actively promoted to a wider audience: Ficcha, its shareholding company, was listed on 24 June 2020 as a vehicle-borne smart driver-associated technology, which boosts the company's operating profits; in August 2020, the company was equipped with a new car for Gilli geometryc.
In September 2020, the company took the lead in Swe: Fuming Wu 8plus, with the company signing a strategic cooperation agreement with the ideal car, Yveta.
The company's autonomous development of a class 1-4 autopilot control, based on the powerful algorithms provided by the Nvidiaorin level chip, is to be carried on the full-scale augmentation software smart that was launched in the ideal car in 2022. As an intelligent driving field, the company takes the lead, looks ahead in the field of smart driving, and works with car companies to continuously upgrade, with intelligent driving penetration rates.
Continued upgrading will result in significant benefits and scope for growth in the company’s main business, with accelerated penetration of car-networked products and the opening of new growth points in the company’s performance.
China's connectivity data show that the global market of v2x is expected to break out of $650 billion by 2020, and Chinese users of v2x will overstate the announcement that profits are growing at a high rate throughout the year, embracing intelligence around 24%, that the number of car connections will reach 69.6 million, and that the vehicle network will be the next stop of the new revolution in the automobile industry.
In the area of networking. In 2019, the company acquired such projects as the motor network platform, ota, web network software system for clients such as the general public, the Chang Ammazeda, and the Chirete Leopards; in May 2020, the company ' s first vehicle-car-car-car-capable combined-car-mazdacx-30 was officially listed; and in December 2020, the company ' s first c-v2x technology landed and assisted.
In the future, companies will continuously refine the ladders and matrices of car-networked products, increase market outreach, and open up new growth points in corporate performance. Sustained growth can absorb high valuations and maintain “recommended” ratings.
(a) The decline in automobile sales; the unanticipated growth of the smart network conglomerates; increased competition in the industry;
Bachelor of Science, Shanghai High School of Finance, Shanghai University of Transportation and Transport. Fu Jin Fei, Chief of Communication, Shanghai University of Communications, Master of Engineering, Shanghai University of Transport, 12 years of Deep Farmer Communication, formerly employed as Technology Ltd., Wireless Communication Engineer, Wireless Solutions Marketing Manager, Senior Extension Manager of Cloud Compute Solutions, 2020
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.