The new 7 billion orders, counterproductive growth, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company ' s annual report for 2020, in the context of a decline in the volume of automobile sales, both within and outside the country, showed a reverse growth in corporate business, with revenues of $6.80 billion in 2020, or 27.4 per cent more than in the same year; net return to the mother ' s profit was achieved by $520 million, or 77.4 per cent more than in the same year, of which $2.50 billion was achieved in the first quarter of 2020q4,
This represents an increase of 39.6 per cent and a net return of 200 million yuan, or 33.7 per cent, to the mother, and a smooth expansion of new clients, with 7 billion new orders contributing to a return to growth. Global automobile sales fell by 14.3 per cent, domestic sales by 6.0 per cent, and companies grew by 7 billion new orders along with their old and new businesses in 2020.
On the client side, while focusing on mainstream car customers such as Euro-American, Japanese and national production, the company has made new breakthroughs in new customers such as Gang Ying, Maluti Suzuki (India), Toyota (Indonesia) and is expected to continue with high growth in the future. On the profitability side, with the impact of the size of the new orders, the net interest rate of the company has changed significantly.
The co-established Fusai electronics have been put into operation, creating synergies with the company’s original auto electronic business. The Chinese-controlled orders are well stocked, and the LCD dashboards and the real-world modules and systems are multiplying. The company’s traditional controls get a new order from its core clients, such as the general public, Ford, and Toyota.
The new display models and system operations cover the mainstream national car factory and get new orders from white-point clients for a red flag, east wind. They're gradually down. The LCD has broken through a red flag, and has been used in batches of Biadi, wide-air carriers, etc.
Cars, Gilly, Walls, Chirres, etc. . .. ..the sales of the two smart domain controllers have increased rapidly, and the Internet has joined forces with hicar.
A generation of high-level adas products have been ordered by domestic lead vehicles. The company’s smart-cargo controller has achieved volume production, using a real-time operating system of qnxhypervisor and qnxneutrino, while the autopilot domain controller ipu04 is also accelerating the process of scalding production.
In addition to the commercialization of products such as Siota, Blue Whales 3.0 and the application of the Hircar-enabled mainframe in several projects, collaboration with Hwa will contribute to the long-term competitiveness of the company.
Intelligent transformation, driven by the wind (2021-03-26) 5g web-connected operations drive slow risks; new product development is hampered and the expected risks are not replicated.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.