The rise in income after the epidemic is evident, and the increase in the Māori rate is evident.
Yang Xiaojun published the three-quarters of 2020 in the media.
The company is a leader in the media industry in the world of life, occupying a high market share of the ladder media, continuing to promote the development of cinema media advertising and the construction of a full-scale network of media outlets.
(i) At the end of the income spectrum: the recovery of the post-epidemic income boom is evident The recovery of the post-epidemic economy has led to a high rate of growth in the new consumer track, increased advertising efforts by brand clients, dominated by new consumer brands, and a rapid recovery of corporate income in 2020.
During the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved operating income of $7,875 million, albeit down by 11,57 per cent from the same year, and the net profit of municipal shareholders on off-recurring non-recurring gains and losses of $131 million, an increase of 163,16 per cent from the same period, with the expected recovery and re-opening of the cinema, the return of the company ' s revenues is expected to rise.
(ii) Profit-making: Point structure optimized, Māori rate increased significantly The total number of points in the media in 2019 was equal to -5.23 per cent, the contractions were mainly for points with lower one-point income, and one-point income is expected to rise when the dot structure is optimized
High, single-screen rental costs have declined, with the cost of corporate media rentals in the first three quarters of 2020 falling by $471.936,000, or 18.41 per cent, compared to the same period in the previous year. At the (iii) cost end, demand: consumption has recovered in an orderly manner, and demand has recovered in the post-epidemiological period.
Building media operations: In the post-epidemic era, the down-of-the-line situation is relatively small and the second quarter has been marked by warming, with revenue of $323,739,000 in the third quarter, compared with 11 per cent in the previous year, an increase of 1.7 per cent in the lcd ring ratio of elevators and an increase of 59.4 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
33.2 per cent, with a projected increase in the cost of the media outlets or a continuation of the four-quarter trend, cinema media operations: in addition, in the first three quarters of 2020, companies received $162.220 million in pre-screening media revenues, down from $143,974.3 million in the same period the previous year.
127,7523,000 yuan, a decrease of 88.73 per cent, but the cost of leasing the cinema media has been reduced by $8,899.95 million, or 94.50 per cent, from the same period in the previous year.
Over 90% of the workers are already working, and the number of people at the National Film Festival is high, with a total ticket house of 2,996 million yuan, which is the second largest in Chinese history. It is also expected that, as the cinema continues to recover, it will also contribute to a rapid upturn in the company’s advertising revenues before the screening.
(iv) Advertisers: the advertising master structure continues to be optimized. According to the February-August 2020 elevator video publication, which cost industry tot5 data, it has been a product and service, beverages, post and telecommunications, finance, recreation and leisure for three quarters.
The industry has increased its investment, and the advertising structure continues to optimize. Most new consumer brands, such as fast-dismantling brand forests, online educational ape mentoring, etc., have been marketed through a crowding-out campaign that has generated a continuing demand for market visibility.
In addition, four quarters are a traditional consumer season, with a double 11 and a double 12 shopping street activity, and it is expected that advertising in the electrical and consumer consumer categories will increase significantly, with a marked increase in the company ' s three-quarter harvest, the continued optimization of the value of the resource points, and the cost.
In addition, the rapid expansion phase of the company is over, competitive pressures are reduced, and future profitability is assured. We expect the company to be at the top of the advertising industry policy risk for 20 or 21 years, the advertising industry climate risk, corporate cost control.
Figure 5: Changes in the number of points of self-employed media resources in the mass media 2015-2019 I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.