The three-quarter performance is forecast to increase by 97-140 per cent, keeping in mind the strong recovery in corporate branding services - a highly recommended (upgraded) review of the third-quarter news report, 2020
The company issued a three-quarterly performance forecast for 2020 to realize a net return profit of 19.73-2.23 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 45.07 per cent to 63.44 per cent over the same period, with a higher concentration of the net return profit industry in the third quarter, the rise of a new consumer track and a rapid rebound in post-epidemiological performance.
The company ' s performance in the third quarter was higher than expected, with a net profit increase of 97.45 per cent to 140.37 per cent, mainly due to:
The cost of leasing media resources that are not properly advertised by the epidemic has been reduced.
Improved home returns and reduced corporate credit impairment losses on a year-to-year basis; benefits from tax and fee incentives in the film industry, lowest/highest (in dollar) per year: *The advertising market continues to warm back, elevator advertising increased by 30 per cent in August, and the new consumer goods category grew at a high rate
Ctr data show that the total media advertising cost increased by 5.8 per cent in August 2020, down by 4.5 per cent in the same year; the advertising market continued to cool, elevator advertising performed well, spending increased faster than in the same year, and beverage class advertising in August at lcd in the elevator increased by 344.4 per cent in the same year.
Poster advertising increased by 156.3% over the same year, with farmers' brands such as Mt. Springs, Khun Lebao, and Maroon Forest in the forefront of the advertising industry. The August elevator lcd advertising in the zebraai class increased by 252.5%, ranking first, and the August elevator lcd advertising grew at the same rate.
183.2%. We believe that companies, as brand providers, will continue to benefit from the emergence of new brands and new consumption.
Look at the high demand for advertising brought about by the high growth of the new consumer track, the high-quality track and corporate goods of the ladder, the ability to serve, the overall performance of the company as the cinema returns, the escalators improve and the client structure improves.
Recommendations to Focus on the Long-term Development of Companies: 2018-10-30.
"Shareholder payback program to show management confidence."