The q3 net profit from the same increase was 136.77 per cent, and the expected net profit innovation during the new efficiency cycle was high - the third quarter of 2020 in the mass media was estimated to have increased by 136.77 per cent, close to the previously forecasted ceiling.
..the advertising market continues to rebound, with media revenue rising by 19.79 per cent in the third quarter, and the advertising market continues to rebound. According to ctr, the total media advertising cost in August 2020 grew by 5.8 per cent, while elevator advertising performed well, with an increase of more than 30 per cent in the same year, including elevators.
Poster growth amounted to 59.4 per cent and the budget of advertisers in the context of the outbreak's recovery was fully collected on the head platform, with a rapid rebound in corporate media revenues of $3.237 billion in the third quarter, a reduction in competition from the growth-cum-cost reduction plus market, and a 42.2 per cent decrease in operating costs in the third quarter.
At the cost end, the company ' s operating costs were reduced by 35.17 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of the year, with three quarters having the lowest/highest cost per year: partial reduction of media rental costs in the writing building during the epidemic, accompanied by a significant reduction in market competition and single-screen lease
Cost has declined, with 18.41 per cent below the same rate for corporate media rental in the first three quarters of 2020. • Client structures have continued to optimize, with consumer goods being delivered in the third quarter increasing by nearly 40 per cent on the same day, while consumer goods in the first three quarters have increased by 30 per cent on a daily basis, with advertising in the third quarter increasing by close to the same time.
40% of consumer goods in the first three quarters, 38% of consumer goods, and significant growth in advertising in food beverages, clothing, and pharmaceutical health care. Internet advertising is back on track, with 28% in the third quarter.
• As China’s good firms grow up, watch corporate ladders for quality track and long-term branding services, we watch corporate investment opportunities for the new cycle, and maintain a firm’s “highly recommended” rating
Consider the high demand for advertising as a result of the high growth of the new consumer track, the high quality of the ladder track and corporate goods, the ability of the company to service, the use and promotion of smart distribution systems, and the creation of online and transactional synergies between shareholder resources, corporate performance or corporate performance, as the cinema resumes, the promotion of espouses and client structures improves.
Restructured and point-to-point enabler performance boosted by robust growth in media revenue and countercyclical expansion.
Recommendations for Attention to the Long-term Development of Companies 2018-10-30 Business Expansion and Changes in Competition Patterns 2018-08-29 Holding Ali, Synergy of Flows Underline Thinking
Like Space 2018-07-22