The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (SWCDC) reports on its performance: the third quarter of 2020 was published in the media and the company achieved $7,875 million in operating income in the first three quarters of the year.
The decline was about 11.6 per cent over the same period; the net return on maternity was about 61.9 per cent over the same period; the first was about 137 per cent over the same period. The benefits of the return of demand in the post-epidemiological period, effective cost control, and the growth of Internet customers and red customers, as well as significant improvements in corporate performance.
In the first half of the year, as a result of the impact of the epidemic, the country’s residents’ out-migration and economic activity were reduced significantly, leading advertisers to tilt their budgets more to the line free of the epidemic. With the effective control of the epidemic, the economy is back to normal, and the effects of the spread are shown below because of the recovery of the flow.
• Effective cost control. Starting this year, the company contracted its expansion strategy and temporarily slowed its expansion.
Logging: At the same time, the reduction of some of the economically less effective locations has led to a very significant improvement in the cost side of the company; on the other hand, some property has reduced rents on a preferential basis because of the impact of the epidemic. The above-mentioned two causes have resulted in a significant improvement in the cost side of the company, with a total operating cost of $1.65 billion in the third quarter of the company, compared to the same period last year.
The new economy is driving the company’s business rapidly. Starting this year, Internet subscribers, represented by “Apes Mentors”, and customers of consumer products, represented by “Majong Forest”, are growing rapidly.
We believe that the Internet industry, which has slowed growth in the past, will re-emerge, and that business models based on the 5g network will continue to emerge, and that these business models based on the network generally have a natural demand for traffic, and that the mass media, as one of the best access channels and interfaces to the flow below the line, will be one of these "news."
On the other hand, the presence of the Internet-based clients, represented by the Melon Forest, further enriches the value of the popular media as a channel for advocacy, and its ability to incubate it will be an important guarantee of a renewed increase in the value of the channel in the future.
Profit predictions and investment proposals. Because the recovery of companies after the epidemic is faster than expected, we've raised the profit forecast, split the media (002027): cost controls are working, etc., and the company's value is gradually being revalued by the market, and we give the company a "buy-in" investment.
Assumption 1: The epidemic will not re-emerge. Assumption 2: The company’s relatively robust expansion strategy will continue over the next two years.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.