Distributed media (002027): High view, new business, good pattern, distributed media
The public media have built the country’s largest urban life circle of billions of yuan, a 20-49 per cent increase in the ring.
Four quarters of its performance is proof of the high level of media coverage. This year’s building has been developed and operated against the backdrop of the continuing economic recovery in the country. The main product is the building’s media (including the high level of media coverage due mainly to the demand for consumer goods and online educational advertising).
Elevator TV and elevator poster media, cinema screen sales, as of June 2020, in the company ' s client structure, approx. 37.09 per cent of brand names, advertising and terminal media, etc., cover the urban mainstream.
The proportion of Internet companies, including online education, increased significantly from 25.12 per cent in the consumer ' s work scenes, living scenes, entertainment scenes, this year and consumption scenes, integrated into the life media network.
In the second half of the year, consumer goods and Internet advertisers of companies will remain at a high level. We expect that corporate business will evolve towards online digitalization and processatization, contributing to sustained growth in corporate revenue collection and performance.
Debt relief and cross-share-holding presentations: Change is connected to the company building media segment process (sales, publishing, monitoring) The firm’s competitive patterns are slowly changing to ensure the stability of its operations.
The opposition media no longer competed with the companies for “resource wars” and “price wars”; and Internet advertising, in terms of its higher competitive dimensions, further squeezing the market share of the media, such as television, radio, newspapers, etc.
It's not an alternative. So, at the same time as the television media is small, the advertising owner's budget is turned to the elevator, the building TV, and the company will be the beneficiary.
Profit forecasting and valuation: we have revised the company ' s profit forecast upwards, the net profit share of the company from 2020 to 2022, the risk of business irregularities; (4) the risk of changes in the leasing of media resources.
In the context of the country’s sustained economic recovery, this year’s high level of media coverage is due mainly to the demand for daily consumption, fees, and online educational advertising. By sales, as of June 2020, the company’s client structure had a low brand ownership.
About 37.09% of Internet companies, including online education, accounted for 25.12%, which is a significant increase from last year, and their consumer goods and Internet advertisers will remain relatively high in the second half of the year. In this context, support for national goods has increased significantly, and the country’s consumer brands are now actively shaping new national brands, such as crane milk powder, waves, etc.
The company’s business is evolving in the direction of online digitalization and processation, and it contributes to the company’s continued growth in revenue collection and performance. In 2017-2019, the company completed the elevator.
Television upgrades, as well as a new generation of smart advertising and distribution systems in September 2019.
The number of operators is gradually being optimized and more part-time workers are being planned;
(3) The introduction of a new business package with smart screens, a 1,000-story new business, a new business package adapted to local life, and a small and medium-sized advertising client offering, thereby contributing to the expansion of the company ' s client base.
With respect to competition patterns, the new-tide media, which competes directly with business, no longer compete with companies in “source wars” and “price wars” and achieve differentiated competitions with companies; and, in terms of higher competition dimensions, Internet advertising further crowds out the market share of traditional media such as television, radio, and paper magazines. But television screens are more conducive to branding than Internet advertising, and are not an alternative.
So, at the same time as the television media is small, the advertising owner's budget is turned to elevator-building TV, and the company will be the beneficiary.
(002027): High profile, new business, good pattern, we've raised the corporate profit forecast, net profit returns for 2020-2022 at $4 billion, $5.5 billion and $7 billion, respectively, corresponding to (1) less than expected recovery in the advertising market; (2) no significant improvement in competition patterns; (3) risk of business irregularities; and (4) changes in the leasing of media resources.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the media (002027): high view, new business, good pattern.
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, Ishi Wei Jing, the research assistant.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Distinguished Media (002027): High scenes, new business, good patterns, and no guarantee of change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.