The company reviews the media Internet industry, the 2020 performance forecast for the supermarket, the big picture, the mass media (002027.sz)
Yang Xiaojun is over three times the performance forecast for the supermarket and has returned to the level of sustained growth in net revenue two years ago, and corporate performance is expected to rise on a year-on-year basis.
Thank you very much: Yoo-ho, the economy continues to spend on good corporate advertising, and it is clear that despite the impact of the new crown epidemic in 2020, domestic demand for advertising was higher in the first half of the year than in the same period last year.
The company’s performance has been hit by a significant decline. But, as the national economy has recovered steadily, consumer demand has been released steadily, and corporate advertising spending has increased, leading to a sharp rise in corporate incomes since the epidemic.
The first return was positive, with the ring rising by 8.2 per cent, a 1.1 per cent increase in the same year, a 10.1 per cent increase in the same year for market spending, an increase in the number of cinema video advertisements in September and a growth rate of more than 1,000 per cent in October for cinemas.
The continuation of the q4 channel and the upturn in pre-screening advertising revenue will boost the company’s performance. The growth in the publishing rate continues to reduce the rise in profits in Penang in 2019, the total number of outlets in the media as a whole was 5.23%, and the first half of 2020 continued to contract from the end of 2019.
Lower dots, so single dot revenue increases. And the lower cost of single-screen leasing also allows for effective cost-side control, with the cost of corporate media leasing in the first three quarters of 2020 falling by $47,196 million, or 18.41 per cent, compared to the same period the previous year.
The new consumer brand has a high level of recognition, and the advertising owner's structure continues to optimize for advertisers, saying that the company's location is the core point of contact for the public on a day-to-day basis, and brand values are valid.
Communications. In the second half of the year, companies introduced a large number of new customers, including new consumer brands, and a marked increase in the Māori rate. The Division increased its investment in large numbers, thus contributing to a sustained rebound in corporate performance.
The investment proposal takes into account the continued positive economic performance of the country, the marked increase in corporate o3 revenues, the continued optimization of the value of the resource points, the significant cost-control effects, and the expected growth in the performance of q4. In addition, the company proposes to launch its second employee holding plan on 15 December, with strong equity incentives.
Figure 1: 2017-2019a, Trend in revenue from media outlets in 2020q3, Figure 5: Changes in the number of points of self-employed media resources in the mass media in 2015-2020h1
Figure 7: In March-October 2020, the elevator press case cost the same amount of data I committed myself to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Investment Research Department of the Institute of Diplomats.