The sharp improvement in performance, the re-emergence of the rapid recovery cycle following the recovery of the economy, the opening up of a new growth space for new consumption, and the fall in corporate income in the first three quarters, mainly due to the closure of the cinema due to the epidemic, the first three quarters.
Corporate cinema media revenue was $162 million, down 88.73% from $1,440 million in the same period the previous year. Income was close to the same level, but q3 grew 19.79% in the same year, with operations rising at a higher rate than before, and business performance improved significantly.
▪ The new high profitability of consumer advertising is an important driver of rapid growth in corporate income. Current advertising budgets are fully concentrated on the head, and consumer advertising, which accounts for nearly 40% of corporate income, is very high, brand promotion budgets are adequate, and the high growth of the new consumer track itself has led to rapid performance.
The impact of the epidemic has resulted in improved competition patterns, mainly in low-energy consumption, reduced staff cuts and significantly reduced costs.
The easing of competition has resulted in lower rental costs for the industry, lower costs for the company ' s media in the first three quarters than in the same period in the previous year of 472 million dollars.
▪ Improved client repayment led to a corresponding reduction in risk, resulting in a reduction in corporate credit impairment losses of $90 million on a year-on-year basis; between 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2020, cultural undertakings, 2 and Divisional Media (002027);
The two-cycle cycle of volatility and competition – the technology divides and digitalizes in time. The acceleration of digital change is improving.
Business model, using cloud distribution, precision placement, data flow, co-benefits, etc., 3, Divisional Media (002027): Epidemic, leading the digital marketing efficiency of the media under the line line.
Influencing short-term corporate performance, long-term still looking, authorizing agents to open up the dsp system, allowing agents to run precision buildings and pick times online, good corporate values 2020-04-28.
Online placement and monitoring has opened up an online lbs screen advertising service based on geographical location for life-service physical terminals. The “second curve” is gradually on track.