Non-coal cost control improves profitability and looks forward to sustained efficiency gains in the second half of the year
New installed machines are being used to boost power generation, using coal machines at a time equal to the industry average. The company accumulated 94.5 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity online in the first half of the year, compared to 5.7 per cent in the same year. The faster increase is due to the production of new aircraft and the same holding capacity of 8.7 per cent to 53.53 million kilowatts.
In the first half of the year, the average price of electricity on the Internet was $414.58/megawatt-hours per month, presumably at a reduced market-based price, trade in electricity, coal combustion costs remained high, and non-electric cost controls improved profitability in the first half of the year.
\triangleright ' s fuel cost in the first half of the year was $21,760 million, or +5.9 per cent, mainly due to the increase in electricity generation, which was measured in the stoves, and the coal price was almost the same as in the same period last year, while the national average price index for electricity and coal fell by 6.8 per cent in the first half of the year.
Non-coal costs are well controlled, largely on a par with the same period last year, raising the Māori rate by 1.16 pct. In addition, management costs and financial costs were reduced by 23.6% and 2.0%, respectively, leading to a further increase in net interest rates by 1 pct. Safe production has resulted in higher than expected coal prices in the first half of the year, pending follow-up performance elasticity.
In the first half of the year, the port of Qin’s 5,500 kilocalories of power-driven coal was at an average cost of $605 per ton, higher than we had expected for the year, mainly because safe production led to less than expected releases of Qinxi coal. As Qinxi coal gradually returned to normal supply, demand for coal, such as electricity and property, continued to decline, and the port’s coal price fell to $580 per ton in August, waiting for the Qin line.
Short-term disturbances, such as overhauls and the National Day of the seventieth anniversary, are expected to go further down. It is expected that the net profit from the company’s return to the mother will rise by around $230 million for each drop in coal prices in Qin.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry, where he was involved in research on the main energy directions of electricity equipment, new energy sources, and environmental protection, and is now in charge of public utilities and environmental studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, who has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice from the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence.