The company's profits improved significantly in the first half of the year, with the addition of new fleets and the increase in the price of grid power.
The average number of hours used by the fleet was reduced, and the additional fleet contributed to the increase in power generation. In the first half of the year, the average number of hours used by the public drivers was 1927, a decrease of 1.03 per cent compared to the same period in 2018.
The installed capacity was increased by approximately 166/174.6/4.95/13.4 million kW in the first half of the year, with a total of 5354.25 million kW in public holdings, an increase of 8.66 per cent over the same period.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Cumulatively completed electricity generation of 101,127 million kWh, an increase of about 5.54 per cent over the same period; electricity on the Internet, 94,536 million kWh, an increase of about 5.66 per cent over the same period; and electricity from new plant units, China
The increase in electricity generated by the lake was 1,216 million kWh, which contributed 22.92 per cent of the increase in electricity generated by the lake, and 2,826 million kWh of electricity generated by the lake north, which contributed 53.36 per cent of the increase in electricity generated.
In the first half of the year, prices were expected to fall at the end of the cost. In Shandong Province, electricity generation amounted to 273.64 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 9.52 per cent over the same year; total electricity use amounted to 3009.
In the first half of Hubei province, electricity generation increased by 13,666 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 8 per cent in the same year, with a cumulative increase of 67,580 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 22.50 per cent in the same year and a cumulative increase of 59,190 million kilowatt-hours in hydroelectric power generation.
In the first half of the year, the company’s electricity supply was secured by a higher demand for electricity in the first half of the year. Meanwhile, in the first half of the year, the company’s average price of electricity on the Internet was 41458 yuan/megawatt hours.
In recent years, in Shandong Province, the pace of conversion of new and old dynamic energy has accelerated, steel, steel, iron, and steel have accelerated.
Seven high-energy industries such as refining, electrolytic aluminium, coke, tyres, fertilizers, chlor-alkali, etc., are concentrated, green, and efficient, while clean energy is considered the main thrust of the attack, with traditional energy sources under stress, Shandong Province has seen a significant increase in clean energy generation in the first half of the year, with more than new industrial energy sources.
Source and renewable energy generation of 27.11 billion kilowatt-hours increased by 61.5 per cent in the same year; coal-fired power generation decreased by 3.5 per cent in the same year. In response to the general trend of local governments to limit energy consumption and clean up energy use, companies actively deployed gas and wind power generation, with new sources of energy in the company’s new fleet in the first half of the year.
The ratio of installed capacity to renewable energy is 53.66%, with gas, hydro, wind generators estimated at 2,7669 thousand kilowatts (kW), 50% more than the planned capacity, nearly three, falling year after year, and the company ' s power generation structure being gradually optimized.
Releases, the growth of imported coal, the production of downstream iron and steel, the faulty peaking of cement, the opening of the second round of environmental inspections, and the overall oversupply of the domestic coal market and the weak functioning of coal prices may help to reduce corporate fuel costs.
In the first half of the year, companies benefited from the production of new air fleets, rising downstream demand, and increased electricity prices, resulting in a steady increase in power generation and performance. As one of the largest integrated energy companies in the country,
The company has pre-positioned clean-energy power generation, and in recent years the company’s power generation structure has been optimized. In the future, good fleet production and lower coal prices have led to higher company performance. We expect the company to fall short of expectations.
The price of electricity settlement fell, and the company's profits improved significantly in the first half of the year, with the addition of a build-up of the fleet and the increase in the price of grid power.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.