Transport team, West Coal East Transports a large artery, which is expected to be better off, is a coal-based railway transport company under the flag of the National Iron Group.
There are 2,465 km of railways, the core of which is the Qin line. The Qin line is the central channel for our western coal transport. It is primarily responsible for securing the off-coal transport of Shanxi Province. In 2024, coal was released at a market price (RMK): $6.81.
This represents 392 million tons, or 14 per cent of the country’s rail and coal transport. 1h2024, the share of the company’s main business, rail freight, is 73 per cent. At the same time, the company is involved in the shares of companies such as the Xuang and Yellow Railways, with an investment gain of $1.43 billion, or 18 per cent of the total profit.
From past data, the company’s performance is more closely related to Qin’s traffic. After 2011, Qin’s cargo volume is close to its maximum transport volume of 450 million tons, passing through the Qin route.
The main factors that we consider to affect the volume of freight to be the policy at the end of the supply of coal sources, the diversion of the Qin line and the impact of the importation of coal. In 2024, Sanxi Province carried out surveillance and “triple” activities, reducing coal production by more than expected, and Shanxi was also affected by the import of coal.
Looking forward to 2025, the Shanxi provincial government explicitly increased its energy supply, increasing coal production by more than 31 million tons; imports of coal are expected to slow down in 2025, with moderate or steady growth throughout the year, affecting the Qin line less.
With easing, we expect a 5% increase in the volume of cargo on the Qin line in 2025. Short-term freight prices are difficult to raise, and financial costs fall when the debt returns.
In 2018, the company could turn back its interest costs, which are expected to reduce during the year and support the company’s profits. The price performance lags behind the dividend plate, mainly as a result of 18.7 billion tradable equity gains.
More data are available on the Qin line of operations than expected.
The average pb times 1.01 x, the company has control of the Grand Qin route of the main main channel of the Western Coal East, assets of high quality, high quality, high profile repair expectations, valuation of 1.1 times pbb in 2025, coal-source policy risk, risk of diversion of core road products, risk of impact of imported coal, coal demand
One, railway coal is the main industry, and the core asset is the main backbone of West Coal East.
1.1 The central asset of the railways is the Qin line, the integrated railway transport company, which is dominated by coal transport. The shareholders in the company are the Taiwon Railways Bureau of the National Iron Group. As of 3q2024, the shareholders in the company hold 50.05% of the shares and are actually in control of the company. The main assets of the company are the National Iron Group.
In addition to the 2464.9 km of railway miles, including the Qin line, the North-South combo line, and the Huo Moon line, the core capital of which is the Qin line, the company controls the Huxeng Railway, the Da Hing Railway, the Tang Kong Railway, and participates in the Hong Kong Railway and the Hoji Railway by holding a controlling subsidiary.
1.2 The Qin line is the central channel of the West Coal East and the fixed diversion of railway patterns has less impact. The company's core line, which is a dedicated railway for coal transport, began in Shanxi. Through the economic belt of Kyunjin, the Qin island of Hebei was built in 1992. The Qin line, which is 658 km long, is a two-wire Electrified orbit and has reached its maximum transport.
According to the company ' s exchange of information, the central and western regions of the Qin line are responsible for about 70 per cent of the coal supply, and the total share of the coal sector is about 30 per cent. The country ' s main coal production is concentrated in Shanxi, Shaanxi, Nemong and Xinjiang (Sinjong), where production accounted for 81.7 per cent of the country ' s coal production in 2024, while the main coal-consuming areas are in the economically developed eastern and southern coastal regions.
The area of origin and consumption do not match the country’s “West Coal East, North North South”. The country’s coal transport is dominated by railways, which form the four main external corridors of Shinjong, Mondong, Yungui, Xinjiang.
Coal demand in the north-east and the north-east can also be transported to ports outside the rail route, which can supply the south-eastern coast, so the trans-shipment route is also known as the “West Coal East” and consists of coastal ports and land ports along the coast, adapted to coal import and export requirements.
The Great Qin Line is one of the four main lines of the West Coal East Line. In the West Coal East Line, railway transport is mainly four main rail lines, from north to south, the Tang Huan line, the Great Qin line, the Shoeong line, and the Huao Li line, the leading line of which were in 2024.
The Qin line, with 392 million tons of coal, is ranked first among the four main lines, accounting for 14% of the country’s rail traffic. The Qin line corresponds to the port of the Qin island.
The diversion effect, which has been in place for many years now, has been relatively stable in the coal transport pattern, with less impact on the distribution of the Qin line. The Tang package line, which mainly carries coal in Mongolia, the Qin north, and the distance from the coal source to the port is longer than the Qin line, is much more expensive to transport, making it difficult to separate the Qin line. The Qin line, although the distance from the coal source area to the port is shorter, is relatively short.
Similarly, the Wahh Litt is a longer-range transport mileage and difficult to maintain economics, so the diversion has limited impact. At the same time, companies participate in the yellow line (41.2%), holding that the Tangtang segment (19.7%) of the stockline shares its transport revenues, and the diversion effect is further weakened.
Chart 6: The Great Qin Line is one of the four main main lines for the east of the west coal transport. Chart 7: The company for the east of the west coal transports the four main main main lines for the east of the west coal transport and the port of sewage. The company relies on its railway assets for the operation of rail cargo and passenger transport operations, while providing services to other railway transport companies.
The company also provides commissioning services for transportation management services for such companies as Daxi Plumbing, Jinshulu, Tai Nakasone, Fusaku, Lupin, and the Stone Plumbing. In addition, the company also sells small quantities of materials.
The company's share in the total profits was 17.7%, consisting mainly of the Xorang Railway (41.16% participation), the Hoji Railway (10% participation), etc., of which the Xuyong Railway equity contributed the main investment gain.
Given the non-storageability of shipping power, company revenues depend on the demand for coal transport over a period of time, while the cost structure of the company is based on rigid costs such as labour, depreciation amortization, maintenance lease, etc.
High (more than 50%) and volatile performance is influenced more by the volume of coal shipments. From past data, the quarterly increase in cargo traffic along the Qin line is more closely related to the rise and fall of the company’s quarterly net return profit.
From 2015 to 2019, revenue from the company’s passenger transport operations increased year by year, with some lines starting with a train block in 2018 and moving at a higher price than the number of passengers on the bus.
Insensitive, more rigid demand, and the company's ownership of some of the trains, which, because of their resistance to cyclicality, represents an important complement to performance. In other company operations, the provision of services to other rail transport enterprises, as well as the commissioning of transport management, are other major businesses that take over from them.
In 2018, the company increased its revenue from other operations by 65 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the implementation of the new Freight Liquidation Act since 1 January 2018.
The company, as a provider of services, has experienced a significant increase in line usage fees, locomotive towing fees, etc. The company ' s other business revenues continue to include revenue from the sale of materials, maintenance, self-contained vehicle management, labour, handling, etc.
Figure 16: Solid growth in revenue from commissioned transport management services 7.09% reduction in transport volume on the same date. We believe that the main causes of the decline in demand for coal transport are the following: firstly, early in Shanxi, affected by “triple” controls for surveillance and governance, a sharp decline in coal production and a marked reduction in production; and, secondly, an increase in coal imports, prices.
Lower competition flows to downstream markets, reducing the demand for coal in the Shinjong region. Chart 17: Business income of the company 2024q1-q3 fell by 9.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Corporate finances are sound, with an operating cash flow of $17.246 billion in 2023, 1.45 times the net profit of the mother, cash
Compared to comparable companies, the public sector is ranked first among comparable companies because of the quality of their assets and the fact that they occupy the central route of the Western Coal East. In 2023, the company ' s core was 9%, compared to the second largest 2.1pt in the same industry.
Figure 20: Company roe levels are ranked first among comparable companies, with expected repairs to the Qin line and higher profits due to lower financial costs 2.1 expected to boost supply in Shanxi Province and expected repairs to the Qin line in 2025
According to the volume of cargo on the Qin line, in 2010 the expansion of the Qin line was fully completed, reaching 440 million tons in 2011. After 2011, it was still more difficult to reach the maximum amount of coal in Shanxi Province. The increase in coal production has been sustained, but the volume of cargo on the Qin line is limited to 450 million tons. We therefore believe that the reason why the Qin line is not fully operational is to be identified.
Because of the non-storage nature of the energy resources, it is more likely that coal flows will fall year-round if, in some months of the year, coal prices are low or insufficient. 2012: the main coal-consuming industries, such as steel and construction materials, grew by 2.5%, and the coal market began in 7.2 pct.5.
There is a gradual increase in supply over demand, downside demand and prices, high inventories of coal transit and power generation enterprises, and a decline in corporate coal transport. This improvement occurred after October. 2013: stable and faster macroeconomic growth, higher electricity supply in the lower coal industry and the entire community.
In 2014, coal consumption declined in the electricity, steel and construction industries, coal demand decreased and national coal consumption declined \triangleright
2.9 per cent. However, the cost of coal in the company ' s source areas is significant, reaching 450 million tons of cargo along the Qin line. 2015: The domestic economy slowed, together with factors such as ecological constraints and energy structural optimization, and domestic coal consumption fell further by 3.7 per cent, with downstream steel companies under severe pressure to start losing cash flows.
At that time, the opening of new lines, such as the semi-pool railway, divided the company’s Monci sources, and the volume of cargo on the Qin line fell to 397 million tons. 2016: supply-side reforms advanced, with coal production in Shanxi falling by 14.4%, combined with lower combined energy consumption in the main coal-consuming sector, further reducing demand for coal.
Once again, the volume of cargo on the Qin line has fallen to 351 million tons. The Qin line still faces diversions from the right pool, the Zhang Tang Railway, and the steam. 2017: road-remediation policies have been increasing in size, coal has been returning to the railways, and the company’s coal cargo has been increasing.
At the same time, macroeconomic warming contributed to higher yields in major coal-consuming sectors such as electricity and steel, and coal consumption increased on a year-on-year basis. 2018: the generation of electricity by the entire community grew faster, with insufficient hydropower in the first half of the year, increasing market \triangleright for coal.
Rough steel production also increased by 6.6% compared to the same year, with a greater willingness to deliver coal and to replenish the reservoirs, adding to the drive of the “public turnover” policy, with the Qin line carrying a maximum capacity of 451 million tons. In 2019, the main coal-consuming industries, such as power generation, steel, construction materials, were in good demand, but because of high hydropower production and new energy sources.
Alternatives to \triangleright, the rate of increase in power generation from fire and electricity is falling. 2020: between start-up and April, the coal market was weak in terms of supply and demand, coupled with high oil prices.
The \triangleright fast road policy is free of charge, and there has been a decline in the distribution of coal routes along the Qin line. 2021: good demand for electricity and electricity, and continuing policies such as public railways.
\triangleright 2022: Four quarters were hit hard by public health events. 2023: hydroelectric power generation decreased and demand for electricity and coal was stronger.
\triangleright 2024: Shanxi province is affected by security and Trio control, coal production decreased significantly in the first half of the year, and the company's effective source of goods is not \triangleright \triangleright
With the same increase in hydroelectric power generation and a weak recovery in the macro-environment, demand for coal for electricity, steel, and construction materials has fallen. Imports of coal have increased, further crowding out domestic coal demand.
The impact on the company’s volume is relatively small, as coal is more economically active in the coal-sourced areas, and there is also a demand for basic coal when the macro-environment recovers. The economic nature of imported coal and the increase in its volume can have an impact on the company’s volume.
There is a clear economicity in the transport of coal to ports in Shanxi, and the demand for basic coal transport is guaranteed. The demand for coal in the southern power plant is mainly met by the transport of coal to ports in Xingmong, and then by sea to the south. The western part of the mountain area is closer to the northern port, and rail freight costs are lower.
For this reason, we believe that Shanxi coal will be the first to be used if the power plant in the south has a basic demand for coal: regardless of macroeconomic fluctuations, the Qin line will always have a basic demand for coal.
We expect a recovery of traffic along the Qin line in 2025. According to the coal-source policy, the main reason for the decline in traffic along the Qin line in 2024 was the Sanxi province's security and governance policy, which resulted in an over-expected reduction in production in the first half of Shanxi Province and a shortage of traffic along the Qin line for several months. In 2024, coal production in Shanxi was reduced by between 88 and 1,269 million tons.
The report on the work of the Shanxi government states that “in 2025 Shanxi province will increase its energy supply to 130 new intelligent coal mines, ensuring that coal production will reach 1.3 billion tons a year.” We believe that this represents a policy of easing the production of coal in Shanxi province, supporting at least 31 million tons of coal production in Shanxi and making up for the Qin line.
Following the introduction of the “3-T” in 2024, coal production in Shanxi province was significantly reduced by 6.5%. Owing to the external nature of the coal industry, the decline in production led to a decline in the upstream and downstream industrial chain and the income of the workers involved, which affected the total annual GDP. In 2024, the rate of growth in Shanxigdp was 2.3%, and it was ranked 31st of the country's 31 provinces and municipalities, with greater economic growth pressures.
According to the report of the Shanxi government, the gross domestic product (GDP) of Shanxi province was set at 5% in 2025, taking into account the external nature of the coal industry, and we believe that Shanxi province will have its own rules in 2025.
Model supply end management operations are less likely to support extra-coal transport along the Qin line. Figure 24: Remediation of coal production is expected to occur in Shanxi Province in 2025. Figure 25: Coal reduction and post-partum growth pressure in Shanxi Province
The main downstreams of imported coal and new offshore coal are power-generating enterprises, and the theoretical availability of coal from import channels is economic, so there is competition between coal imports and coal from the Qin Line. We believe that the main effect of imports is on the market coal that companies transport, while the company transport structure is dominated by long-coal, so that imports of coal have a relatively small impact on companies.
In 2023-2024, domestic coal imports increased considerably, mainly as a result of the significant increase in Indonesian coal production and the lifting of the ban on Australian coal imports. Looking ahead, we believe that in 2025 coal imports or small increases will be lower.
At the same time, imports of coal may be affected by positive prices in Indonesia and higher prices in Russia, and the economics of imports of coal may be affected somewhat, and the impact on transport along the Qin line will be reduced. Indonesia: Coal production in Indonesia has increased faster in the last two years, but as mining prices have fallen to the cost line of production,
According to senior Indonesian officials, Indonesian coal production is forecast to be 735 million tons in 2025, below the actual output in 2024 (836 million tons, projected at 710 million tons) and, considering the past, is expected to grow steadily in 2025. Meanwhile, Indonesia’s domestic coal demand has accelerated, with a dmo policy (Indonesian coal first meeting the country).
With Indonesia increasing its share of domestic coal use, China’s imports are expected to increase only modestly. Australia: subject to global environmental policy, the international energy giants often sell Australia’s coal resources, Australia’s \triangleright
Local financial institutions have also imposed restrictions on coal and related industries. Constrained by infrastructure and a shortage of labour, Australia’s coal exports are growing slowly. Russia: influenced by factors such as lack of competitiveness in its own prices and bottlenecks in port shipping capacity in the Far East, 2024.
Despite Russia’s easing of coal taxes, Russia’s railways increased freight prices by 14% in 2025, and the discount coefficient for long-distance exports of coal rail transport was eliminated, and the cost of shipping is higher, and Russia’s coal exports to China are expected to be difficult to increase.
Mongolia: Mongolia’s coal exports to China have increased faster in the last two years, and the current bottleneck in the import of monco is the issue of rail capacity. The rate of growth in Mongolian coal exports is still relatively high in 2025, but the impact on China’s coal imports is small due to the low production base in Mongolia.
Figure 26: Increased coal imports from 2023 to 2024. The current coal prices applied by the company are divided into two categories, one for most of the company's lines and the other for cross-line shipments.
Second is the special price of coal for the main line of transport on the Qin line, the Kyoto line, the Fongsha line, i.e., the price of the route owned by the company at both the station and the stop. The flat rate of the iron is calculated as: per ton = 2 km base price + base price, currently for the coal class.
Transport companies carry out No. 4, at a base price of $16.3/ton and a base price of 0.105/km. The base price of $2.098/km was originally applied, and INT has been Electrified with an additional cost of 0.007/km from January 2018.
Up to 15 per cent of the grid and up to no limit, railways can apply for a price change, and companies are currently applying for a base special transport price calculation for coal, which is: per ton = kilometre of special shipment*. Currently, companies are operating a special shipment rate of 0.101 yuan per ton.
In the past, railway prices have gone through four phases: government pricing, uniform low prices for goods, and promotion of macros.
Economic stability has been positive, but policies have resulted in a disconnection between rail transport prices and prices, making it difficult for the railway transport industry to develop. 1981-2002, Centralized and decentralized phases: the Railways Act and the Prices Act were enacted to establish a State-directed railway pricing system.
In 2003-2012, the price-resilient phase of the cost increase was: under the previous system, prices were still low and railway transport operators had difficulty operating. The constant adjustment of rail transport prices began in 2003, particularly price-fixing in response to the rise in the prices of major raw materials, such as finished oils, and alleviating the contradiction between the low prices of railway freight.
From 2013 to date, the market-based pricing phase has been under way; in order to further develop the railway sector, our railways have been undergoing a policy-separation reform since 2013 and have encouraged private capital to invest in the railway industry.
On the one hand, the changes could provide room for continued price increases, improve railway balance sheets and profitability, and attract external funds to help the railway industry develop. On the other hand, since repayments after railway loans have been built are also included in the cost, the original cost-pricing model would have led to a significant increase in railway prices, which would have been detrimental to the overall cost of logistics.
The price base of our coal railways has not changed since 2018, mainly because of the National Development Reform Commission ' s Circular on issues related to deepening the marketization of the price of railway freight, etc., which stipulates that, as of 1 January 2018, rail transport companies will be operating in the country.
The industry can determine the level of a specific transport price on its own, based on market supply and demand, based on a country-defined benchmark rate of not more than 15%. With the granting of a 15% range of autonomous pricing rights to enterprises, IMTC does not have to do more because domestic road logistics prices have not increased much.
103.77 By January 2025, the road transport index stood at 105.68, which did not change much. During the period, following supply-side reforms, commodity prices rose significantly, as did road prices.
Figure 29: Road logistics prices have not increased significantly since 2015, but both the company ' s revenue and the net return profit have changed due to fluctuations in freight volumes. The company ' s total cargo turnover, which increased by only 0.8 per cent in 2013 and 2014, is a more appropriate comparison.
Figure 30: Corporate operating income increased by $2.6 billion per year in 2014 Figure 31: Corporate net profits increased by $1.5 billion per year in 2014
Short-term prices for companies are expected to remain stable. In 2024, the Office of the State Council issued the Program for Action to Effectively Reduce the Cost of Social Logistics for All, which is currently expected to increase in the short term in the context of a weak macro-environment recovery and a slow increase in inflation levels.
It is expected that the prices of railways will not be reduced in the short term, taking into account the current low profitability of the Iron Group and the need to channel social capital inputs.
2.3 Business costs are expected to remain stable and financial costs are expected to decrease significantly The largest share of the cost structure of the company is mainly for personnel costs (35 per cent in 2023) and freight services (26 per cent). Corporate staff costs have been growing steadily each year in 2019-2023 and are expected to continue this trend.
Including the costs of locomotives, route usage, vehicle services, etc., is an important part of the cost of change. We classify the cost of the Qin railways as relative fixed costs for personnel costs, depreciation, repairs, leasing, etc., not related to operation, freight, freight, passenger, electricity, etc.
In 2023, the relative fixed cost was 54% and the relative variable cost was 46%. As a result, the relative fixed cost of a company is relatively large, and the company is more profitable when the volume of freight rises.
Land-use rights are still not being acquired. The cash balance has increased significantly since the company issued a debt-transferable, with the balance growing in 2023, while the cash balance on the books has increased significantly as a result of the incomplete acquisition of land-use rights.
Exercising early foreclosure authority, 10 February. The latest date for payment of interest on the Qin debt transfer is December 11, 2024, for a total of 59 days, and interest charges will be significantly reduced in 2025.
3.1 The probability of positive stock increases after debt swaps is high; theoretically, pre-cancellation clauses put pressure on positive stock prices. Until the swap triggers the foreclosure terms, unbroken swaps continue to increase the liquidity table, as part of the institution’s debt swap accounts hold fewer shares, and they need to move faster.
And, after the firm’s announcement of debt foreclosure, investors will shift their shares substantially, causing a rapid increase in the supply of positive shares in a short period of time, and market swings will rise. We believe that with the end of convertibility and the withdrawal of the swaps, the positive stock will begin to absorb the tradable gains, and the stock prices will often appear.
Observing the historical performance of over 10 billion transhipments after the de-market, the positive one-month increase after the retreat was higher (62%), the three-month increase was higher (69%) and the increase would be greater. Statistics show that 5 billion and more transhipments are worth $32 billion, or 32% of the market value of the transhipments, and that the swaps are under pressure on the positive stock prices.
We expect that the Qin Railway will have a greater chance of rising its stock when the debt is remitted. 3.2 The company is a low-valued dividend asset, with expected stock prices to rise when the profits run out.
The firm’s growth is at the end, while it is clearly undervalued from the pb valuation. The pressure is no longer on.
\triangleright Assets or Focused Country Enterprises. The company’s key asset, Da Qin Railway, is a central road to the Western Coal East, with excellent asset quality, while the cash balance of the company’s assets amounts to $67.3 billion, and the 3q2024 company’s current assets/total assets ratio is as much as possible.
In November 2024, the CSRC issued Guidance for the Regulation of Listed Companies No. 10 - Market Value Management, encouraging listed companies \triangleright to promote the investment value of listed companies in a variety of ways, including M&A restructuring, equity incentives, and cash dividends.
It is explicitly stated that major index component companies should develop market value management systems for listed companies, that long-term net-developing companies should develop valuation enhancement plans for listed companies, and that market value management effectiveness should be included in the assessment of directors of such companies.
In 2024, the dividend plate came out of the boom, and the market tended to focus on the concepts of “risk avoidance”, “equity rate”, “low volatility,” “macro-impact” in the search for targets, and was actually an investment in core assets with high value for money. We believe that there are still more opportunities for the dividend plate in 2025, and that the dividend plate is more than just a defensive plate, a plate.
The price of pb and dividends is set at 20 February 2025.
More than \triangleright tons. In 2024, affected by Sanxi Sanctuary Sanctuary, cargo traffic amounted to 392 million tons, which is 7.1% more than the same year, considering the increased energy supply in Shansi Province in 2025, the impact of imported coal shocks is expected to decrease.
Corporate cargo turnover = average shipping distance*. From past data, the speed of cargo turnover and shipment along the Qin route \triangleright Coal species are currently operating at NLG4 base prices and special coal prices, as enterprises can do after 2018
The base price of the iron ring has not changed since 2018. My country's fixed standards for rail prices are relative to the road, given the weak macro-environment recovery and the difficult road prices.
The company’s passenger operations are mainly run by the company’s common and Taihara’s railway trains and high-iron cars as the starting and terminal stations, reaching 57.19 million passengers in 2019. There has been a significant decline since 2020, returning to 42.84 million in 2023.
According to the company ' s semi-annual report in 2024, the average mileage of passengers in the company ' s passenger operations has declined, so that other operations are expected to change in the same direction when the cargo volume of the individual passenger manifests has increased and declined. (2) Cost and cost projections
Personnel costs: In the past, the cost of company personnel has increased steadily, and we expect that the cost of company personnel will remain the same as in the past Freight services: the cost of company freight services is more relevant to the company ' s revenue from freight operations, with companies projected to have freight services in 2024-2026 at $14.769 billion, $16.246 million and $17.58 billion, respectively, at the same rate of increase
Costs associated with corporate depreciation costs, rental costs, etc., are expected to remain stable. Figure 43: Comparison of comparative corporate valuations (net rate approach for the city) Coal-source policy risk: if Shanxi re-engages with supply-side reforms or policies related to supply-side reforms, the company or side
There is a risk of diversion of core road products. If a new rail main line emerges, or the price ratio of the road rises significantly, coal demand may fall short of expectations. If the macroeconomic recovery is slow, it may affect large quantities of raw coal upstream.
Importing coal impacts. If there is a significant increase in the amount of coal imported domestically, the efficiency of coal in the company’s source land will decline.
The railways have not increased as expected. Given that the company has assets along the lines of the Great Qin line, it is also involved in the yellow and yellow railways, Ho.
\triangleright                                                                                            \                                                                                          \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \   \ \      \ \ \ \ \ \ \    \