The company’s main business is storage, microcontrols, and sensors. The storage business is the company’s core business and main growth point.
The storage market, the second largest global market share in 2023, is the noorflash manufacturer; the mcu product is mainly in the armcorpex-m series and is China's first-ranked 32-bit Arm generic mcu supplier; the sensor business includes both touch chip and fingerprint identification chip products.
This compares to 72.15% for mcu, 22.31% for sensors, and 5.32% for sensors. Storage: end-ai pull-line demand and industry supply improvement.
Flush, lithic dram and slcnandflash are three main groups of products, with stable market demand, which will amount to $4.1 billion a year, with an easy full product line of 512 kb to 2gb; Nand, on the other hand, the network, the industrial control market is the main demand and cost is better than noor at large capacity.
(b) With respect to dram, the main players in the industry are the three storage plants abroad, the Sunshine, and the Hercules.
The three former plants are gradually withdrawing from the niche market and are expected to bring about improvements in industry patterns and an increase in the share of domestic producers. The omens are easy to own ddr3l and ddr4 products. 1. Northern innovation (603986.sh) is reported in the tri-quarters of 2024.
The rising demand for end-ai computing offers new opportunities for niche storage. Litiki's Cube-based roll-out is a customised high-bandwidth storage program that uses a 3d stack of dramdie to achieve a higher memory bandwidth to break through the end-of-end computing bottleneck.
There are also a number of manufacturers that have developed a new storage-based and one-size-fits-all programme, with a one-quarter q1 performance rating in 024: q1 over-expected, profit-based mrams, rrams, pcrams, frams, etc.
The storage cycle is up by 2024/04/23 3. Mcu: full product, dynamic car market. According to yole data, 2023 Global mcu.
Review: q3 stocks are now at a turning point, with industrial recovery of $28.2 billion and projected to reach $38.8 billion in 2029. Automobiles, industry, and consumption are the main applications.
4. Micro-innovation (603986.sh) event review: equity stimulus Jiura, Iiifa semiconductor, micro-chip, etc. The oscillation of leadership in the country ' s 32bitmcu product area, the promotion of a stable talent structure, and a robust expected growth in performance - 2023/0
As of mid-2024, the company’s car regulations, gd32a series, mcu, provide four sets of covers of 10 models to meet the needs for body control, car lighting, smart cabins, auxiliary driving, electrical power, etc.
The "recommended" rating is maintained for the leadership of the rich storage industry and for the growth of new product layouts. \triangleright 1 trillion easy innovation: the base storage leader
1.1 Deepening Development of the Litiki Storage Tracks MIG is the leading semiconductor design company in the country, with its main business package, including three major plates of storage, microcontrols and sensors. The company was established in 2005 and was established in August 2016.
In the area of storage products, companies are the world’s first-ranked provider of crystalless circle mills, and according to the web-feetresearch report, the company’s share in the global market was second in 2023.
In the mcu area, companies are growing rapidly. According to omdia, the global market for companies ranked 7th in 2022, and the company is still the 32nd-bit Arm General Supply Storer, the company’s core business and main growth point, and the company focuses on the niche storage market.
Mainly include flash chip (norflash, nadflash) and dynamic random access memory (dram), where norflash products are mainly used for storage codes and small amounts of data and are widely applied in various fields such as industry, automobiles, consumer electronics, pc and peripheries, network communications, object networking and mobile devices; nandflash
Products vary according to the demand for storage capacity, and the company ' s Nandflash product is slcnand and has achieved full product coverage in a wide range of areas such as consumer electronics, industry, automobiles, telecommunications, etc.; dram is the most important system in the current market and occupies a central position in the computing system, with companies focusing on niche models.
Dram, and in collaboration with the deep storage depth of the country’s dram crystal mill, the dram crystal microcontrol product (mcu) is provided by the drama crystal microcontrol product (mcu) mainly for 32 generic mcu products based on the armcorptex-m series and the risc-v kernel. The company’s products support a wide range of applications, such as industrial applications (including industry).
Automation, energy power, medical equipment, etc.), consumer electronics and hand-held equipment, car electronics (including auto guidance, t-box, car instrumentation, car entertainment systems, etc.), computing, etc.; company-gd30 simulations, mainly built around mcu-related ecology, covering specialized power management products, high-performance power generation products, electric power generators, etc.
Sensor operations include touch chip, fingerprint identification chip. The company touch chip consists of two broad categories of self-serving and collusive, covering the interactive areas of cell phones, tablets, smart homes, etc.; the company fingerprint chip package.
Simultaneous fingerprinting, photoprints under the old screen, etc., provide mainstream options for markets such as mobile phones, while providing a smaller embedded caption program for smart door locks, a robust growth in 1.2 performance integrated with power keys for notebooks, and dram building a new growth curve
The storage sector has a certain cyclical properties, 2023, the demand recovery in the semiconductor sector has been slow, and the prices of products have fluctuated, but since the first half of 2024, the demand in the consumer and network markets has been warming, and the third quarter has been working.
Industry, storage and calculation of market stocks are effectively de-drawn, companies are actively following changes in market demand, operating income is on the same increase as the return net profit ratio. q1-q3 achieved operating income of $5.65 billion in 2024, an increase of 28.58 per cent in the same year; net return profits of $832 million, an increase of 91.71 per cent in the same year; and Māori.
The percentage of revenue from sensor operations was 6.11%. In 2024 h1, the share of revenue from stock chip sales increased to 72.15% as a result of the high-speed growth of the dram industry and warmth of the flash operations; the ratio of revenue from microcontrol mill operations to 22.31%; and the ratio of revenue from sensor operations to 5.32%.
Stock levels in storage plants are an important indicator of demand. As noted earlier, the industrial cycle has been steadily warming since 2024, and the company’s stock has been gradually deconstructed.
2.1 Wide market space, industry swings, storage chips have a wide market space and considerable growth, and, according to Yole, the total market space for storage will increase from $144 billion in 2022 to $256 billion in 2028, with annual compound growth rates.
10%. By market size, it is expected that in the 2028 global integrated circuit storage chip market, dram will retain the largest segmented market in the storage chip area at $157 billion, occupying about the storage city, where base-based storage mainly means a smaller share than mainstream storage products (dram and nad)
Storage products with market share. These products usually have specific application needs or competitive advantages in a particular market segment.
The storage industry is warming, and the rich-kid storage market is showing a steady rise in the bottom. We observe that all three of the leading producers in the Liki storage industry, China, are recovering (in millions of Chinese dollars) (in millions of Chinese dollars) in terms of business data from China, Wanghong, and South Asia.
Figure 8: Māori ratio of Liki storage plant in Taiwan, China (%)  Watsui Wanghongji South Asia ko 2.2nor: leading global share, dynamic car regulation large capacity market
2.2.1norflash: A characteristic advantage, where the company has a leading market position is a non-lossy memory, i.e. it does not need to connect to a battery or any power source to store data permanently. And other flash types that are optimized for high-density storage and faster writing
In contrast (e.g., Nand flash), noor flash memory is valued mainly because of its readability and random access. This means that noor flash memory is particularly suited to applications requiring speed and direct data retrieval. In addition, noorlash has the advantage of reading speed, byte access, durability, xip execution.
These features are also widely used in areas requiring high performance and direct access codes or solids. For example, embedded systems, electronics, auto electronics, industrial and medical equipment, computer start-up storage, etc. According to yole, the global nonflash market was about $3.2 billion in 2022 and is expected to be in place.
In 2028, it rose to $4.1 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 4.2 per cent in 2022-2028.
For the mainstream process structure of the market, noorflash products from mills such as mega-innovation, Wabang, Wanghang, etc. are based on the etox process; except for the etox process, a Sonos technology grant agreement was signed in 2016 between the plugs and Sepras, and the main borsch product is currently the Sonos process structure.
The flash device production process, which is now being used by national producers, was announced in May 2024 as a successful launch of the minimum nonflash low-capacity system based on the second-generation Nord Advanced Technology Platform, which would reduce the size of the chip by about one third compared to the first generation and would not diminish the performance of the chip, which would satisfy it.
The design of end-products such as wifi modules, ble/blt bluetooth modules, wearable equipment, iot equipment is required to accommodate the energy-efficient, miniaturized and light-quantified requirements of electronic equipment for norflash products.etox structures are typical of float-coated storage, and the float-coated Nand flash memory is first mentioned
Out in 1967, similar to the structure of the field effect tubes, but the Nand floater is a two-facade structure with a multi-crystal silicon floating pole between the control fence and the liner, which stores the charge. The sonos structure is a typical structure of a charge capture. The single charge capture memory.
The meta-structure is similar to that of the float storage unit, in which the grid material is multi-crystal silicon material, charge block, layer is a layer of oxide, charge capture is a layer of silicon nitrogen, charge penetrator is either a layer of oxide or a layer of ono (silicon dioxide-silicon dioxide-silicon dioxide). Unlike the float storage unit, the structure uses the charge.
The capture layer material itself suffers from deep-energy defects that capture electronic information storage functions. The Nord process has enhanced the performance of small-sized norflash chips. The nordflash package contains bottoms, lines of crystalline silicon, floats, control fences. The bottom of the fence is set in the liner, first and second.
There are coupling oxidation layers between the bottom and the bottom of the fence, with the tops of the first and second fences higher than the bottom surfaces; interpolar media layers, control fences, and field side walls above the fences in turn; the base of the polycrystal silicon is located between the first and second fences; and the crosslines are multi-crystal silicon and lined, moored, interpolar media layers, control fences, etc.
There is an oxidation layer between the sides of the line; there is also a first and second medium layer on the outside of the oxidation layer; the performance parameters of the small-sized Nordflash device are difficult to meet the requirements of the device; and the performance effects of the small-sized Nordflash device have been achieved.
Sonos specializes in small-volume products, and the Etox structure has a significant cost advantage in large capacity, while the Nord process has a low-cost + large-volume advantage. Compared to the Etox process, the sonos process has been effective in reducing the number of photo masks, reducing the size of chips, reducing the cost of chip manufacturing, and effectively increasing the price of plough shares in a highly competitive process.
At the same time, the low voltage of the product operating under the sonos process makes the product less functional and allows it to compete better in the market. But the sonos structure in which the unit is stored is a two-pipe unit, while the Etox structure in which the unit is stored is a single-pipe unit.
In the area of large-volume storage, however, the size of the core of the memory is a major factor in determining the size of the chip, and the unit of a single tube constructed of the etox makes it much smaller than the subos structure and has a significant cost advantage.
So the etox structure is still the dominant process in the field of large volume noorflash. 2.2.2 Mt. Innovation: Global share is the second highest, product capacity is fully covered by the top three suppliers in the nor market.
According to the report, in 2021, the market share of the nonflash market was dominated by the share of the Chinese, magnanimous and oscillating innovation, which was 35 per cent, 33 per cent and 23 per cent, respectively, and by 2023, the market share of the nonflash market, which was highly innovative, had risen to the full compared to the rest of the country’s producers, which could easily take advantage of the large-volume market.
2gb, high-performance spinorflash product series, covering the entire product lines from 512 kb to 2gb. 2.3nand: network/work control is the main force requirement. 2.3.1nand: network control is the main force requirement, with significant capacity cost advantages
Nand chips can be divided into 2dnand and 3dnand by structure, and as the width of 2dnand's line is nearing the physical limit, the nand flashback has reached the 3d stage. The slc, mlc, tlc and qlc can be divided according to the slc, tlc, and qlc.
slcnand, because of its long-lasting and reliable product properties, is widely used in areas where stability is more demanding, such as engineering and network. For example, slcnand from kioxia imports plant automation equipment and becomes stable.
Base stations and home network products (photocats, wifi6 and accompanying mifi, etc.). In the area of traditional communications, as technologies such as 5g, wifi and others are applied and upgraded, communications equipment such as pon, routers, roof boxes, etc. are being synchronized and upgraded.
In 2024, accelerated penetration will either provide growth kinetic energy for slcnand applications in traditional areas. ai drives an increase in the storage of terminal equipment codes, and slc has a cost advantage compared to noor under a large capacity.
Real-time video/audio processing, inter-equipment communication, etc.) starts to integrate into the terminal equipment, which requires more space storage of executable codes. Currently, mainstream code storage chip programs include noorflash and nad. As mentioned earlier, noorflash reads faster and the unit capacity cost is lower.
At times, noorflash, because of its faster reading, can provide a faster system response speed, which is the mainstream choice for code storage. However, when the number of codes reaches the gb level, the cost of noorflash rises significantly (256 mbnor for $4; 1 gbnand for $1), due to the low response speed required by many of the terminals.
Nand began gradually replacing noor as an emerging option for code memory chips. Slcnand started playing 2.3.2 megagrams of innovation in the areas of consumer electronics (tv, video games, wearable devices), car rules, security and medical video equipment.
The main players in the slcnandflash market are overseas and Chinese companies such as Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese.
Full product coverage has been achieved in the areas of electronics, industry, automobiles, etc.. The company ' s 38nmslnandflash car regulations cover 1-4gb, with a car-to-car regulations spinorflash, provide 2.4dram: focus on the niche dram market and phase out the former overseas plants.
2.4.1dram: High concentration of market shares and stable competition patterns, also known as dynamic random access memory, whose main features are fast reading and writing, low delay, but the data will be lost when the power is lost, often used to calculate the system's operational memory.dram has a certain market size,
At present, the market share of the dram storage is highly concentrated, leading the industry, mainly Samsung, sk Hercules and Light Light, with three firms with market shares of 39.5%, 34.7% and 20.6%, respectively, as of the third quarter of 2024, and a stable pattern of competition.
The liki dram consists of products up to 8 gb, ddr4/lpdddr4 and below. dddr is a product that has been in existence for more than 20 years, with a first product ddr1 from 2000 to 2021, with an iterative direction of high storage density, high transmission rate, and low power consumption.
With data centres, pc, mobile phones and graphics cards, the base products are ddr2 and below, and dddr3 and 8gb and Ddr4 below 4gb. The lpddr product evolved from the ddr product, with low capacity, small size characteristics, can provide a narrower corridor width and support multiple low power operations, with major applications
In smartphones, flat-board computers, ultra-light computers, smart wear, etc. 2.4.2 Lit-dram: Mainstream factory exits, supply and demand patterns improves. Standard dram prices are now in the early stages of bottom up, while lit-type prices rise at less than standard.
The increase in demand for the benefit arithmetical results in an increased demand for data centre storage, as well as a build-up of production capacity of hbm to dram from offshore producers, the standard storage price has recovered significantly since 2023. According to ifind data, the price of ddr516gb hit the bottom of $3.17 in April 2023.
And then it went back to $4.65, an increase of 46.69 per cent; the consumer market demand has fallen short of expectations since the entry into 24q3 and the liki dram (ddr3\ddr44gb) is predominantly consumer, industrial, and prices are still at the bottom of the cycle, with no significant increase. In the long run, however, the large offshore storage plants are phasing out.
In the niche market, improved supply and demand patterns in the industry are expected to provide a long-term price upswing. Figure 21: The price increase for the base dram was less than the standard (US$) dram production as a proportion of total dram production from 30 per cent to 20 per cent; the three stars are in
Clients were informed at the end of the second quarter of 2024 that they would cease production of dddr3 and, in the case of ssk Hercules, the dddr3 process was transferred to dddr4 at the end of 2023, amounting to no longer supplied dddrdr3.In the case of light, the supply of dddr3 was similarly significantly reduced for the expansion of the production capacity of ddr5 and high bandwidth.
We believe that the growth in data centre market-standardd dram and hbm demand is the main driving force behind the phasing out of the three former plants from the niche markets, and that the supply and demand patterns of the niche markets are expected to improve continuously with the withdrawal of the three former plants, and the market share of domestic producers is expected to increase further.
2.4.3 mega-dram: multi-product line layout, close capital functioning and high-impact innovation have focused on niche markets in the area of dram, and products such as ddr4, ddr3l have been introduced to achieve better harvests in areas such as consumer electronics, industry, network communications, and to continuously advance other self-programming.
Ddr3l products provide market-specific 1gb/2gb/4gb/8gb capacity; dddr48gb products have succeeded and have been sampled to provide a wide range of applications to the market with a 4gb/8gb capacity
ddr3, ddr4, lpdddr3 and lpdddr4 were adjusted to dddr3, ddr4, lpdddr4 and products would enter the market for small-volume products in 2029 or 2030 and be able to match the company ' s recruitment project cycle in the dram business, which would easily be in close cooperation with the dram crystal factory ' s leader.
Since 2020, there has been a rapid increase in the size of the company ' s long-term related transactions (the procurement crystal circle), with a combined transaction budget of $995 million in 2024. On December 17, 2024, the company disclosed its 25h1 related transaction budget, and 2.5 end-ai demand led the storage of new forms.
2.5.1 The need for end-of-side arithmetic needs has arisen with the release of the cube program, and the large models on the market are demanding system resources because of their complex architecture and large size. These models contain large-scale parameters and require considerable memory bandwidth.
Rapid access to data during operations. The generation of responses and creation of content requires a great deal of computation, which puts a great strain on processing resources, thereby affecting overall system performance. In addition, the storage and processing of a large number of model loads leads to a high utilization rate of memory.
In response to end-ai computing needs, the Cube program was launched in Huabang, i.e., Customized/compact ultrabandwidements ( semi-customized super-high bandwidthdram) to break through the edges of Cube as a high bandwidth, low capacity, compact size, and a cost-effective memory solution.
In this case, the increasing demand for the ai application can be met and the module manufacturer and soc manufacturer directly can use less than 1 pj/bit in the d20 process, which can extend the power consumption while the equipment is running; in bandwidth, Cube ' s io can be as high as 2 gbps.
Soc integration of mature processes such as 28nm and 22nm, with cube reaching 32gb/s to 256gb/s bandwidth, equivalent to hbm2 bandwidth, and 4 to 32 lp-dr4x4266mbpsx16io; and, in terms of efficiency, cube uses a 3d structure, soc is tactfully put up closer to the radiator if
To remove the loss in the tsv area, the chip size may be smaller and result in greater cost advantages for the peripheralai equipment The process is 16gb/die capacity (up from 8gb capacity for the ordinary lpddr product and 64gb cube below hbm, mainly in terms of performance, energy consumption, appearance, flexibility).
Quantity and increase of data speed by increasing the performance of front-end 3d structures (e.g., cow and wow) and back-end 2.5d/3d silicon intermediate layer chips and the Fan-out solution, which can provide a faster flow of data for the ai calculation, and more interactive and efficient hardware architecture support; and Cube ' s low-power-consuming properties that make them applicable to high-bandwidth ends where they are power-sensitive
Sideai devices; Cube's compact shape, based on 3d stacks and small sizes, facilitates its application and deployment in more scenes, while its innovative 3d structure puts soc on, closer to the radiator, can also be effective in alleviating heat radiation problems at the edgeai level; Cube can customize the chip area according to the specific client's soc specifications.
It can also further improve signal integrity, power supply integrity and overall system efficiency by introducing Tsv, providing customized solutions for households, meeting the specific requirements of various ai applications, enabling them to deploy the ai model seamlessly and efficiently in different platforms and applications.
Moi-Yu-Yu and the Li-Ki-dram manufacturer are similarly configured to customize and store new product lines at the end. In July 2024, the company issued an announcement to set up a holding company, which will develop new technologies, new businesses, new markets, and new products, including customized storage, and is expected to benefit from the development of end-of-side applications for storage.
2.5.2 Four new storage aids are integrated. The new storage units are dominated by four main technological routes: pcram, rram, mram, feram, which have the advantages of speed of reading and writing, low productivity, non-fault, etc., and are also developed by the current accelerator.
A storage solution. Simultaneous storage, phase-changeram, short pcm or pcram. pcm is based on the intense heat generated by electrical injections of sulfurized glass material above the standard cmos logical chip.
Disaggregates different patterns, showing different resistance and reflectivity to conductive or electrical resistance. At present, only three stars, intel, etc., have produced the relevant products, but most of them are non-inlined phase memory products, at a distance from pcm to mass production and diffusion, and it will take some time.
Magneticram, or mram, is a technology based on magnetic resistance. Until further breakthroughs in the process, mram products are mainly applied to special appliance areas with low capacity requirements, as well as to emerging iot embedded storage areas.
Iron electric storage, ram (fram or feram) is the oldest emerging memory, which does not use any iron, but has only one magnetic decomposition loop to allow it to store data. The main iron electric material currently in the mainstream is the wrong lead (pzt) and tantalumate (sbt), but it has a degradation of fatigue and leads to pollution of the environment.
Moreover, oxidation (hfo2) is not used for the production of fram, but it has great prospects, and there are corresponding start-up companies in the country to achieve this technology.
The rram principle is that, with extra-optimal pressure, the device's electrical resistance changes between low- and low-resistance. For now, companies such as Fuston, Matsu, Crosssbar, Sony, Light, and Sko Hercules are all working on reram research and production.
The omen innovation is also pre-arranged for new storage rerams. The omen is easy to invest in combs with Rambus in 2018, which focuses mainly on the commercialization of new storage rrams.
3mcu: A significant domestic lead, a robust growth in the market size of 3.1mcu with a wide downstream application of mcu, also known as the microcontrol module, is appropriate to reduce the frequency and specifications of the central processor (cpu)
Reduces, and integrates RAM, count, usb, a/d conversion, uart, plc, dma, etc., and even lcd drive circuits on a single chip, forming a chip-level computer that is not classified for different applications, and mcu can be divided into generic mcu and specialized mcu.
(a) Developmentable resources (rom, ram, i/o, eprom), etc., are all available to users of mcu; the specialized mcu refers to hardware and instructions designed for a specific purpose, such as record recorder core controllers, printer controllers, electrical controllers, etc.;
According to the command structure, mcu can be divided into cic (complex command set computer) and rrisc (combined command set), according to the latest report released by the market research institute yoleg group, the global microcontrol (mcu) market was $28.2 billion in 2023 and is expected to grow by $38.8 billion by 2029, year after year.
The combined rate of growth is 5.5%. The car market will continue to occupy the first largest application market in mcu between 2023 and 2029, although the ratio will slowly narrow; industry and other areas will continue to occupy the second largest application market in mcu; and smart card and safety applications will be the third largest application market in the future.
Figure 26: Mcu market income distribution 2023 and projections Figure 27: Mcuabless manufacturer distribution 2024 Figure 28: Mcu domestic market size and growth rate
Figure 29: Percent of Mcu ' s share of income in 2022, according to Mcu ' s competitive pattern, the world ' s major suppliers are still dominated by foreign producers. According to data analysis of the global mcu market in yole 2022, the top 10 plants in the mcu market as a whole are ranked.
The businesses were British Flying (18 per cent), Reza (18 per cent), Eng Ji-Pu (18 per cent), Ill-law semiconductor (15 per cent), micro-chircrochip (12 per cent), Texas instruments (6.5 per cent), Samsung Electronics (2 per cent), New Tang Technologies (2 per cent), siliconlabs (1.5 per cent) and China's Grand Halfconductor (1 per cent).
According to the global Mcu chip competition analysis published by icinsights, major manufacturers competed for market shares, were active in the field of dynamically growing material networking applications, and there were several large-scale M&As, such as the acquisition of Feiscal by Swiss (nxp) for $11.8 billion in 2015 and the completion of the layout in the electronics sector of automobiles;
Micro-crochip completed the acquisition of atmel in 2016, etc. 3.2 mega-prompt innovation: multi-application landscapes with a total of 51 product series, more than 600 mcu products, high performance, mainstreaming, etc.
The inner core of the company also covers m3, m4, m23, m33 and m7. Observing the layout of the product line of the overseas leader has advantages in many downstream markets.
High, but also the top 16-and-32-mcu supplier; British fliers, the world's largest vehicle semiconductor, also leading the Car Codemcu market; st, focusing on the four major end markets for automobiles, industry, personal electronics and communications equipment, computers and peripherals; and micro-cracks, focusing on electrical control,
The mid-year report revealed that the company ' s car code gd32a series mcu offers a total of 4 types of wrapping for market options to meet the needs for body control, vehicle lighting, smart cabins, auxiliary driving, electrical power, etc.
Figure 30: Microcontrol (mcu) family gd32 main mcu product for micro-innovation 4 profitable predictions and investment proposals
4.1 Profit projection assumptions and business split Storage chip business: the business is larger in terms of the company's revenue structure and the product class is more complete.Flash operations, where the company's current process is dominated by industry, have a net market share in the world.
The company is focusing on niche markets, product lines are improving, and the company is moving ahead with the process, and the future is expected to be new in the long term. We expect that the year-on-year increase in chip storage operations in 2024-2026 will have a cyclical character. As noted earlier, the industry cycle will be warming, plus the withdrawal of former overseas plants, supply and demand.
Mcu Business: The company is China’s first 32-bit Arm generic mcu supplier, leading the country in the 32bitmcu product area, with product preparation leading the industry and wide range of applications. Industry experienced a downward cycle in 2023 and hit bottom 23h2, but started bottom of the business from 23q4
Sensors operations: The company is the second-largest supplier of fingerprint sensors in China. The current product application is mostly for consumer electronic plates, and has become a mainstream programmer in the market through commercial pre-positioning, back-setting, side-side electron and optical programmes on multiple flagships, high- and middle-level smartphones; in addition, the company is expected to be connected to the Internet, industry, and public vehicles in the future.
There is a further expansion of applications such as the Division, offering new growth space. The business went through the industry down-cycle in 2022-2023, but 24H1 income rebounded with the ring, exceeding income in the first half of the traditional e-consumption season by the second half of the 2023 season, showing a remarkable recovery, and we expect sensor operations to be in the second half of the 2023 season.
Marketing costs: Over the past two years, companies have made more new offers and sales costs have increased, along with the expansion and upgrading of the company's products in the new application landscape, and sustained growth is expected to spread the costs of sales. We expect the key innovation industries to be niche storage and mcu, and we have chosen Beijing Jung-jung, a national company with comparable industries.
A comparison of valuations (products of liki dram, etc.), Eastern kernel shares (principal products of liki nand and dram), and medium semiconduct (prime product of mcu) is based on a coherent wind expectation of a comparable average of 95/70/43 times the average value of the company in 2024-2026, and according to our projections, the current share price of mega-innovation corresponds to pe.
We look at the oscillating edge of the niche storage industry and the growth associated with the layout of a variety of new products, maintaining a “recommended” rating. 1) End demand is not growing as fast as expected: if end demand is insufficient, downstream modules and knitters will
Mitigating the procurement of stored particles and modules, and the lack of incentives for further increases in the price of stored products, as well as the risk of higher than expected growth in the supply of the storage industry: storage industries with cyclical characteristics, supply-demand relations, higher impact, industry ' s current up-to-date cycle, and storage prices if the storage plant is over-expected to expand its output
The downside risk, which affects the performance of the storage plant.3 Industry competition increases the risk that a larger number of domestic manufacturers have deployed similar niche storage categories, and that failure to do so may result in lower prices and affect corporate performance.
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.