"Liki/ Customized Dram's big picture, National Production Storage Dragon, 20rd of 20th of 20th of 20th of 20th of 20th of 20th of 20th of the year."
Research assistant Shenjia, who created the M.O.O.I. is committed to building an integrated cyborg ecosystem that embraces the age of smart interconnectivity. The M.O.I. is expected to grow rapidly in 2024 and continue to show up in the first three quarters of 2024.
The company’s multi-product line track layout, which supports the industry’s robust growth, now includes storage, microcontrol, and sensor products. The company’s memory products are divided into three parts, noorflash, slcnandflash, and dram.
norflash: A combination of high performance and high security to meet the design needs for diverse applications. The company is the second-highest spinorflash company in the world. Spinorflash provides up to 16 capacity options, covering 512 kb to 2gb, and meets a wide range of real-time operating systems.
nandflash: Provides large-volume code numbers for applications such as network, security, iot, consumer electronics, etc. Storage solutions.
Products and market applications are in the lead. As company car regulations slcnand flash produce, it will be further expanded to the car market.
In the area of ddr4, ddr3l, which will be completed in the future with the ddr4/lpddd4 small-volume product, and further development of lpddr4, high-end products such as hbm, dddr5.
mcu: mcu product lines are the company’s key strategic direction and multi-product layout across the area. The company’s mcu involves industry and other applications, with new high performance mcu, enriched inner nuclear product arrays.
The area of car regulation is growing rapidly, with a new project in November of 24 years to improve the mcu layout of the car. In the 'ai era, the company stepped up the mcu+ai' layout, the market demand for mcu+ai varied from industry to industry, and the company provided high-performance mcu and power control solutions to help clients.
Sensors: The company's fingerprinting chip is in the lead in the country, providing programs for mobile phones, smart door locks, notebooks, and has been expanded to the pc field, becoming the country's second largest fingerprint sensor. Multiply, considering the company's share of the business, market competitiveness is gradually improving; mcu beneficiary countries
Production progress; high growth in dram operations is expected for 25 years, customizing the dram depth The end-side wave of the benefits covered for the first time with a “buy-in” rating.
Micro-innovation is the leading global source of chips. The company was established in April 2005 in Beijing, China, with branches and offices in several countries and territories, including Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hoyoto, Xianan, Chengdu, Suzhou, United States, Korea, Japan, United Kingdom, Germany, Singapore, and other countries and territories with worldwide marketing networks.
The Ministry’s core product lines are storage (flash, lithotic dram), 32-bit generic mcu, smart machine interactive sensors, simulation products, and overall solutions. Corporate products are known as high performance, low power consumption.
The company’s multi-product line track layout, which supports sound business development, currently includes storage, microcontrols, sensor products, etc.
The world's number one, the Chinese brand's number one, leading the fingerprint chip industry.
The Achilles flash supplier arm the generic mcu supplier deep-draw sensors, signal chains, algorithms and solutions.
In the field of spinorflash, the world's third largest market share provides more than 51 series, 600+ model options, cumulatively.
II. China’s first, the cumulative volume of goods delivered over 23.7 billion, the volume of goods delivered over 1.57 billion, and the company’s equity structure was fragmented and stable. As of February 2025, the company’s founder and chairman, Mr. Chu Yiming.
In addition, the second shareholder is Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd., with a ratio of 5.02 per cent, and the other shareholders of the company are relatively divided, which helps to increase transparency and fairness in the company and, in the same way, facilitates checks and balances among shareholders and supervision.
The company actually controls Chu Il-ming, with a strong industry chain background. Since 2021, the president of the company has also served as chairman of the inter-branch technology board, or has created an advantage over the company’s storage business; the deputy director has a middle-core international work history.
Financial analysis: Lower market demand has recovered, income and sales have recovered significantly, customers have increased their supply, and the company ' s products have increased their income and sales in a number of areas, such as consumption, connectivity, computing, etc. We see that the industry ' s sustained recovery has led to further upturns in the company ' s performance.
Warm, 24q3 industry, storage and computing market stocks are effectively deflated, companies are actively following market demand changes, operating revenues are rising significantly on a year-on-year basis, and net interest rates are on the rise.
Storage: Noorflash’s domestic leader, dram opens up new space 2.1.norflash: A combination of high performance and high security to meet the needs of diverse applications design The company is the second-highest spinorflash company in the world.
16 capacity options, covering 512 kb to 2gb, to accommodate the different storage spaces required for a variety of real-time operating systems; and, with four different voltage ranges, 3v, 1.8v, 1.2v, and the product series of 1.65v~3.6v wide-pressure powered for battery power applications, respectively; at the same time, as many as 20 different encapsulation options are available to meet customers.
Demand for capacity, voltage and wrapping forms in different applications. Figure 9: Corporate Noorflash highlights 2gb super-capacity, support to high-speed 4 routes and jedec
Up to 200mhz data reading frequency, and support for rpmc+mac functions, high-speed 8 channels with iot devices and key xspi and xccela specifications, large capacity,
200mb/s and 400mb/s data to provide a four-point application to protect flash core programs and significantly improve the ideal selection for high performance applications.
Channel and 8 channel selection. 2.2.nandflash: Provide high-capacity code storage solutions for applications such as network, security, iot, consumer electronics, etc.
Companies can take the lead in local applications by cutting demand for differentiated products into the market in this segment. For example, small-volume spi nandflash products can be widely applied to consumer-type products such as mobile phones, machine cap boxes, data cards, network products, communications equipment, etc. Companies are in the lead in terms of technology, products, and market applications.
In 2013, the company launched its first spinandflash, which, after many years of development, has achieved full product coverage in areas such as consumer electronics, industry, automobile electronics. In 2023, the company’s new generation of 24nm process was launched.
The processed Nandflash storage product gd5f1gm7 was awarded the Chinaic Design Achievement Award for 2023 as the "yearly best memory" ; the company introduced the gd25uf series 1.2v low voltage super-low-power spinorflash product, which can be significantly reduced in the application of smart wearable equipment, health monitoring, object networking equipment or other single-cell power supply.
Operational power consumption, which effectively extends the duration of the equipment, can satisfy the low voltage, low power consumption of the master process evolution trends. 2.3.dram: rapid development of the base, active layout customization of the dram (dynamic random access memory) as the core component of the computing system, in servers, mobile devices, etc.
The fields of pc and consumer electronics are widely used and are among the most critical systems in the current market. However, due to the extremely high technical and financial barriers, the dram market has a highly concentrated and even monopolistic pattern, dominated mainly by the three stars of Korea, the ssk Hercules, and the U.S.-American-American-American-light technology, with the lower rankings coming mostly from Taiwan, China.
The market share of China’s dram suppliers is low, but, as domestic dram technology has developed gradually in recent years, the potential for domestic substitution is enormous, the head-to-head effects are significant, and there is much scope for future development. Corporate owners play dram-based storage.
Top boxes, smart families, industry, car-borne audio systems, etc. Companies are constantly enriching their product mix of dram products, providing reliable quality performance and product strength to meet market demand, and have introduced ddr4, ddr3l products, which will be continuously promoted into other self-research products.
In addition, the company plans to increase its investment in high-end products such as hbm and ddr5.
Twenty-five years of “sustainability” or becoming a bottleneck for the national production of the ai industry, and the national production of hbm and class cube programmes will go into the field of cloud-end and end-side computing, respectively. 24 years of domestic dram tap or volume of hbm2 and synchronized production of ddr5 chips, with hbm2e expected to be produced in 25 years. The national production gpu stored a basic match between the demand for hbm.
Hbm2e, superimposed overseas Hbm controls, a strong downstream customer-import willingness, and an opportunity for the hbm industry to be home-grown. In addition, the quarter of a century laterai is expected to be released, and its storage requirements are more inclined to be low-capacity, high bandwidth, and small capacity, and it is expected to catalyze piles of dram demand, such as cube.
3.mcu+sensors: mcu-wide layout, leading the sensor track 3.1.mcu: head of the country, wide-scale multi-product rapid layout of the global mcu market, with great potential for China. According to yole, between 2022 and 2028,
Mcu is expected to grow at a combined annual average growth rate of 5.2 per cent, reaching $32 billion in market size by 2028.The domestic market is equally promising, and according to the data of the IQR, the market in the mcu sector was about $41.98 billion in 2023, producing about 5.614 billion pieces, and the demand was about 9.17 billion pieces.
According to yole, the top six mcu manufacturers (Engineer, Reza Electronics, Engjipo, Yifa Semiconductor, Microchip, and Texas instruments) together accounted for 88% of the market share. By contrast, the competition pattern in the domestic mcu market was very different, with intellectual studies.
A consultancy survey showed that in 2021, the share of domestic firms in the market was higher than the previous major promising innovation, meso-electronics, music technology, national name technology, micro-electricity, which was 4.4 per cent, 4.1 per cent, 1.5 per cent, 1.8 per cent, 0.8 per cent, low concentration, large development space, and that most domestic producers were still concentrated in low- and medium-end markets such as small household electricity and consumer electronics, automobiles and micro-electrics.
Insufficient penetration of industrial plates. Figure 13: Statistical projections of global mcu market size (millions of United States dollars) Figure 14: Global market share of major mcu suppliers in 2022
On a global scale, auto electrons are the largest downstream application market for mcu. The application area of mcu is extremely extensive, covering markets such as auto electrons, industrial controls, consumer electronics, etc. According to yole, in 2023 they accounted for 39% of the global market for mcu, and this share is increasing year by year.
Electrodynamic + intelligent + synchronizing the rapid growth of car regulation mcu. According to the Study of the State of Autodynamics and Underboard mcu Markets, the global automobile mcu market will reach $15.56 billion in 2027, compounding 2021-2027.
At the same time, the spread of intelligent driving has opened wide space for the mcu. Today, green energy efficiency, safety upswing, etc., and so on, car development trends are similar to Mcu’s performance.
Higher requirements included better real-time data processing, engine energy efficiency optimization, fuel efficiency enhancement, figure 16: Mcu product lines for new energy vehicles are used as important strategic direction for companies, multi-product layout across the field.
In the field of car regulation, the company has developed rapidly and has launched an important car regulation product, gd32a7. The chip has significantly upgraded its functionality and performance over the first generation of products, adopting a m7 kernel.
Asil-b and asil-d standards extend to domain control, car lighting, battery management, and chassis. In addition, in November of 24th, the company added a new project, the Automobile Electronic Chip Development and Industrialization Project, which will gradually complete the mcu product layout.
In the 'i' era, companies stepped up the layout of the "mcu+ai." With the rapid development of the "mcu+ai" technology, the market needed to change significantly, with varying emphasis on different sectors: industrial automation focused on real-time and stability, and domestic electricity focused on balancing costs with user experiences. The market wanted to improve its intelligence by enabling traditional "mcu" hardware.
At the same time, the market expects to simplify the development process through the “mcu+ai” technology, and relies on manufacturers to provide support such as mature tool chains and pre-training ai models. Based on this, companies not only provide high performance mcu, but also introduce foc/servo power, bldc, etc.
Solutions such as machine control, enabling clients to achieve development goals quickly. Figure 17: Corporate mcu matrix gd32 microcontrol (mcu) family
Cortex-m23 rsc-v cortex-m3
Cortex-m7@ntimxim
wa 3.2. Sensors: Fingerprints, touch and control lead, and second-highest in the country.
The company’s fingerprint recognition solution is now extended to the pc field and has become the second-highest fingerprint sensor in the country. In the future, the company will also continue to promote product optimization and expand its multi-faceted layout in the areas of pc, mobile phones, wearables, mobile health, iot, etc.
Corporate contact chip development is strong. It contains two broad categories of self-conforming and combing, including mobile phones, tablets, and smart homes. Corporate contact chip support toto major resistance, single-storey multi-point, ultra-narrow border functions, which are widely applied to ogs touch screens; product access can range from a minimum of 26 to a maximum of 72 channels, while achieving one inch at the same time.
~20 inches of screen size covered. Figure 18: Example of company fingerprint lock solution application (pcmoh fingerprint lock)
Profit forecasting and valuation analysis Storage product lines: The company is the second-highest spinorflash company in the world. Spinorflash covers a full and continuous increase in its share. The floor space for base dram prices is already limited.
In view of the recovery of the storage cycle in the future, we expect an overall upward trend in the company’s Māori ratio. We expect the company to remain in stock.
The mcu product line: The company’s mcu business continues to grow deep in industry and improves the competitiveness of its products. In addition to the rapid development of the traditional sector, the mcu of the ai scene will bring better profits to the public. The Māori rate has fallen slightly in 26 years, considering 25 years or the liquidation of the mcu industry.
Sensor product lines: company contact control and fingerprinting sensors have a leading share in the country and have been very successful in their development. Considering that the sensor industry has been moving out of the downward cycle for 24 years, Māori rates have been restored, and Māori rates have been gradually maintained since then, and we have selected Pudu shares, East Qui shares, Beijing Jung-jung, Middle Electronics as comparable companies.
The storage of noor products and the mcu industry; the Nand, dram, nor in the stock-holding products of Dong-chi; the North King's main dram product; and the central electronics main mcu product, all of which coincide with the MIG products. It is expected that MIG will achieve revenue of 74.4/95.6.1156 billion yuan between 2024 and 2026, with a net return to the mother.
The market is gradually becoming more competitive; production progress in the countries benefiting from the mcu operation; high growth in the dram business is expected over 25 years, and the customized dram depth benefits end-of-the-curve wave is covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
At the same time, the semiconductor industry has a certain supply chain risk: the company’s product characteristics are suitable for operating with a “fables” model. There is an uncertain risk as to whether the production capacity of supply chain links, such as crystal-rounding plants and containment testing plants, can guarantee procurement needs and reasonable costs.
Brain drain risk: As an integrated circuit design enterprise with a stable high-quality management and technical team, it is essential for the public sector to maintain a leading position in the industry. There is a risk of brain drain if companies are mismanaged.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.