The ai+ national product replaced the double drive, and the noor+mcu tap re-launched -- MIG first-time coverage of the reporting company: the leading multi-kind composite chip supplier in the country.
The company was founded in 2005 and its products include storage, 32-bit generic mcu, sensors, simulations, and overall solutions. The company is the world’s number-one provider of fablessflash, the second-largest market in the world, and the second-highest in China, with a cumulative output of over 23.7 billion.
For industry, automobiles, consumer electronics, object networking, etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In the area of flash, product capacity covers 512 kb to 2gb, with advantages in the medium- and high-end consumer electronics market; in the area of spinandflash, full product coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, communications, automobile electronics; and in the area of likidram, the three former plants are phasing out of the niche market and the pattern of competition
Continuously optimized, company ddr3 and ddr4 product lines with multiple product models. mcu: the country's top 32-bit Arm generic mcu supplier. gd32mcu product has successfully produced 51 product series, more than 600 products.
Full coverage of high-performance, mainstream, entry-level, low-power, wireless, car regulations, and specialized products has accumulated more than 1.5 billion mcu products by the end of 2023. Industry: the ai cloud side continues to develop, with high demand for storage.
The semiconductor opens a new up-to-date cycle, with a higher demand for storage. According to the sia report, global semiconductor sales in 2024 amounted to $627.6 billion (yoy+19.1 per cent); the ai contributed to a higher demand for storage, with a stock of $16.51 billion (yoy+78.9 per cent).
In December 2024, the bis amended the Export Control Regulations to add a new hbm export control and revised the technical parameters of the hbm control. All Hbm products currently on sale are limited, forcing China’s storage industry to accelerate the process of automatization.
Cloud side: Arithmetic uplifts the demand for dram. According to idc, the global market for ai infrastructure has grown rapidly, and is expected to exceed $100 billion by 2028. Ai applications have to process a large amount of data and complex computing tasks, and gpu has significantly increased the demand for dram. 2024h1 storage
Expenditure increased by 36 per cent over the same period, 56 per cent of which was from cloud deployment. End: ai hardware overlapped at an accelerated noor expansion. 1,asp or up: counterpoint predicted smart cell phoneasp increased from $365 in 2024 to $385 in 2025, and canalys predicted aipc overflows
Power and storage synergizes: one has higher demands on the npu/gpu performance of Soc, driving noor flash towards high bandwidth and low delay to meet code storage and fast startup needs. • Three strategic layouts anchor the niche market.
A customised storage business. A focused custom storage program for the holding company, Beijing Qingjia Technology Ltd., to meet non-standard interface storage needs for iot, smart terminals, etc. scenes.
Markets, with companies relying on cost advantages and technology overlaps, are the second largest market share in the world. In the short run, one cell phone/pc is directly pulling up the net; in the long run, new scenes such as xr, ai glasses, and car electronics are opening up a lot of space and the company’s market share is rising further.
During the first half of 2025, the company is expected to purchase $589 million in dram products and $922 million (unaudited) in 2024, and the scale of its cooperation continues to grow.
Liggy dram national production rate. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating investment rating: we've chosen Gyeongzheng of Beijing, Singwi storage, Mid-Midity Half-Lead three companies as comparable companies.
The corresponding pe is 52/40 times lower than the comparable average for companies. Taking into account the company’s role as a national noor +mcu dual leader, the company continues to benefit from a process of substitution of land and national production for the application of the ai, covering for the first time, with supply chain risks resulting from the “recommended” uncertainty.
1. Companies: The country ' s leading multi-kind composite chip supplier, 1.1, and the world ' s first-ranked non-crystal mill, flash supplier, were established in April 2005 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in August 2016.
Products include storage (flash, base dram), 32-digit generic mcu, smart machine interactive sensors, simulation products, and overall solutions. Companies are the world’s number-one provider oftablessflash, the second largest market share in the world in the field of spinorflash, and the first in China, with a cumulative volume of over 23.7 billion goods.
The Division ' s products are widely used in such areas as industry, automobiles, consumer electronics (e.g., wearable products, smart watches, tws headphones, mobile phones, home appliances, etc.), object networking, mobile devices (e.g., camera modules, amoled, touch controllers, fingerprint sensors, etc.).
Figure 1: The layout of the MIG products includes storage, microcontrolrs, sensors, etc., horizontal extension of the chip area. Simulation chips is an important strategy for companies. By acquiring 70% of the Sioux core, the company further strengthens the simulation team, upgrades the battery management pool and continues to expand the technology.
Product lines, the opening of new markets, help support the long-term development of the company’s simulating business in terms of scale, depth, and breadth, and enhance the company’s overall competitiveness. Suzhou’s main products, such as lithium cell protection chips, power management chips, etc., are already well known for their use in mobile power sources, smart appliance, and other generic areas.
The company plans to co-finance 27 million dollars to set up a holding company, Beijing Qingts and Technology Ltd., with $21 million to help create innovation.
The company’s equity structure is relatively fragmented. The company’s chairman, Chu Yiming, is the company’s controlling shareholder and actual shareholder.
Hong Kong Winner Ltd. holds 1.96% of the company’s shares (the top ten shareholders as of 30 September 2024).
1.2. Financial analysis: bottom-of-cycle profit recovery, 24 years of recovery, high profit growth 2019-2021, high global semiconductor industry, recovery of business income 32.03/44.97/, increased customer readiness, income and sale of company products in a variety of areas, including consumption, connectivity, computing, etc.
At the operational level, companies continued to pursue a market-centred strategy in 2024, with a sustained increase in large-scale R & D inputs and product overlaps, continued optimization of product costs, diversification of product matrices, and growing competition among companies over multiple product lines. 2024q1-q3, with companies achieving operating revenues of $5.650 billion, an increase of 28.56 per cent;
The net profit is now 832 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 91.87 per cent for the same year, and the net profit from business and maternity has recovered. Public figure 4: 2024q1-q3, the net profit from the company's return to the mother has recovered, and the price of the storage chip has fallen. In 2023, the turnover of the chip, the mcu and the sensor was split.
High R & D inputs to maintain technological innovation and technological leadership The circuit industry is a technology-intensive, funded and knowledge-intensive workforce-intensive industry that, through sustained investment in R & D, maintains technological innovation and leadership to win clients with stable product performance and high reliability to meet evolving changes
By the end of 2023, the company had 982 authorized patents, of which 60 were added in 2023.
In addition, the company owns 151 trademarks, 49 integrated circuit charts, 46 software copyrights, and 12 non-software copyright registrations. In 2023, the company was on the list published by the National Intellectual Property Office (NIP) of “National Intellectual Property Model Enterprises for 2023”.
Products: a national product, noor+mcu, company product lines, including storage, microcontrols and sensor products, widely applied to hand-held mobile terminals, consumer electronics, personal computers and perimeters, networks, telecommunications equipment, medical equipment, office equipment, automobiles, etc.
Fields such as electronic and industrial control equipment. 2.1. Storageers: noor+slcnand+lice dram diversified layout 2.1.1, noorflash is the second largest global array.
The company is the second-largest nonflash company in the world, offering up to 16 capacity options (covering 512 kb to 2gb), four different voltage ranges and up to 20 different encapsulation options, meeting the demand for capacity, voltage and forms of encapsulation in different applications for households.
1.2v low voltage ultra-low power consumption spinorflash products that can significantly reduce operating power consumption and effectively extend the duration of the equipment in applications for intelligent wearable equipment, health monitoring, object network equipment or other single-cell power supply meet the low voltage, low power consumption requirements that control the evolution of the new process.
2.1.2. Nandflash continues to break through. The company has achieved full product coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, communications, automobiles, etc., with a significant increase in the volume of goods delivered by the same year in 2023. The company’s new generation of 24nm workers
The art-based Nandflash storage product gd5f1gm7 was awarded the Chinaic Award for the year 2023.gd25/55spinorflash and gd5fulinandflash have been widely used
In smart pods, smart drivers, smart web links, new energy electric vehicles, three power systems, etc., and the global accumulation of more than 100 million items has provided a rich and varied choice for the nationalization of vehicle applications. Corporate car regulations, spinorflash, and other safety requirements, such as a vehicle bottom hanger system, have stabilized, marking a high level of activity.
The reliability of company car regulation spinorflash has been further validated. 2.1.3, the base-dram product is constantly enriched, and the dram is divided into ddr/lpdddr/gddr by product classification.
lpdddr is a low-power dddr, which is used mainly for mobile end-of-end electronics, including worn products, smart phones, etc. gdddr refers to graphicsddddddr, which is used mainly in image processing. The commons have multiple product models for ddr3 and dddr4 product lines. ddr3l products provide 1gb/
2gb/4gb capacity, which now covers essentially networked, tv and other applications, as well as the mainstream client base; ddr4 output provides 4gb capacity to provide markets with different types of product choices with different capacities. Companies are constantly enriching their product mix and improving product market competitiveness.
Literally ddr3l: Lower power, offering better product choices for classic ddr applications. Moot-foiled, new ddr3l compatible 1.5v/1.35v voltage power supply with a reading and writing rate of 1866 mbps, up to 2133 mbps, to meet mainstream application needs.
1gb/2gb/4gb capacity, x 8/x16 data interface, adapted to application scenarios at different temperature ranges 0~95°c/-40~95°c/-40~105°c.
1.2v low voltage power with a reading and writing rate of 2666 mbps, up to 3,200 mbps, is the ideal choice in a variety of fields, such as machine cap boxes, television, surveillance, network communications, intelligent households, and car-borne sound systems.
40 ~ 95 °c/- 40 ~ 105 °c. The company's ddr48 gb product has already been produced, mainly in the fields of tv, industry, security. lpddr4x: lower power, higher speed, higher storage capacity. With home entertainment, car sound,
Intelligent households, cybercommunications, etc., a variety of consumer-type e-application technologies have become increasingly demanding for data storage. rpddr4x has been introduced by the M.O.I. to provide end-users with more energy-efficient and less energy-consuming storage products that do not lead to the optimization of user experiences.
The writing rate can be as high as 4266mbps, with a capacity of 2 gb/3gb/4gb, working temperature - 25°c to 85°c, bit wide x 32, which can provide suitable storage products for mobile modules, iot, 8kiptv, intelligent families, and car-borne sound systems.
2.2, mcu: National 32-bit mcu taps, mcu (microcontrol units), otherwise known as single-discrete machines, are the appropriate reduction in the frequency and specification of cpu (central processor) and the perimeter interfaces of memory, counter, usb, a/d conversion, dma, etc., even including
tft, lcd, led drive circuits, etc., are integrated into a single chip-based chip-grade computer. mcu is widely used in areas such as consumer electronics, industrial controls, car electronics, such as smart wearable equipment, electrical and battery management, sensor signal processing, home power control, computer networks and communications.
The mcu can be divided into 4 places, 8 places, 16 places, 32 places and 64 places, of which 8 places and 32 places are in the mainstream of the market. 8 mcu are usually used for low-cost, low-power and simple-control applications, such as sensors and small household appliances. 32 places are suitable for complex data and high-performance calculations.
Applications, such as auto control systems, communications equipment, embedded computers, etc... In the domestic mcu market, eight mcus account for 51.2%; 32 mcu accounts for 44.2%; and, as the need for intelligence rises, their market share is the 32nd highest in the country in terms of generic mcu suppliers.
The product has successfully produced 51 product series, more than 600 mcu products, with full coverage of high performance, mainstream, entry level, low power consumption, wireless, car regulations, specialized products.
General mcu products. With respect to new items, the company has launched a domestic first-painted gd32h series of ultra-high performance microcontrols based on the armocortex-m7 core; and a new dual-frequency mcugd32vw553 series based on the risc-v core for smart household power, intelligent home, industrial Internet, telecommunications network.
Wireless connection scenes. In the process, the company ' s mcu product currently covers 110 nm, 55nm, 40nm, 22nm processes and is a leader in the industry. Figure 12: The company ' s gd32 microcontrol (mcu) family
Cortex-m23 rsc-v cortex-m3
Cortex-m4 Cortex-m7 Cortex-m33
gd32f4xgd32h7xx Mainstream
Business functions (medium) Wireless gd32a7x
gd32ffpr  special gd32prt
In conjunction with the company’s technological accumulation and diversified supply chain system in the area of mcu chip design, the company’s understanding of upstream home chip needs and programme excellence with the national innovation centre, the development of a core home computing algorithm and programme upgrade, the establishment of a standard system for testing home chips, and the promotion of laboratory results,
Business transformation and co-motivation of the home power industry. With the continued improvement of mcu products, there is a hope of further meeting the demand of the vast domestic electricity market and improving the current low self-sufficiency of home-based chips.
In 2019, cross-filtration from the back to the front-loading market was achieved. gd32a503 series accelerated market import, high performance gd32a490 series focused on the core scenes of high frequency, large storage capacity and high integration for smart seats, body control, etc.
In the current geopolitical environment, MVI is more competitive as a domestic firm in terms of supply chain security, localization of services, etc. Companies work closely with mainstream domestic and foreign car factories and Tierl suppliers, and in 2023 have achieved an equal increase in the volume of better deliveries, with a cumulative output of more than 100 million car-grade flash products.
Mcu is waiting for a cyclical recovery. Demand for mcu products remained low in 2023, industry competition intensified, and production of mcu products has accumulated more than 1.5 billion products. Companies have built around mcu-based pmu products, continued to upgrade R & D capabilities, and actively developed markets for consumption, industry, and networking.
2.3 Sensors: A wide range of applications for contact control and fingerprint recognition products Corporate sensor operations currently have a wide range of applications in the lcd tentacles, capacitors and optical fingerprints markets. Corporate touch chips comprise two broad categories of self-image and mutual tolerance, including mobile phones, tablets and smart home and other interactive links.
In the case of sensor products, the mobile phone market was the first sub-market to warm back in 2023, company sensor products and markets.
Synchronization of the field with a better growth in the volume of goods delivered, with an increase in city occupancy in 2023; industry: one-end cloud resonance, high storage demand 3.1, semiconductor: start of a new up-to-date cycle, national production replacement process continues to move forward
3.1.1 A 24-year recovery in sales in the global semiconductor industry was achieved, according to sia data, during the previous semiconductor cycle, June 2019 - January 2022, of which $17.9 billion was sold in the fourth quarter of 2024, an increase of 17.1 per cent over the same period and 3.0 per cent over the same period.
The stock chip sales reached $16.51 billion, an increase of 78.9 per cent over the same period, with a corresponding increase of 82.6 per cent in the sales of dram products.
Capital expenditure, equipment expenditure, will reach $123.2 billion (yoy+24%), exceeding $100 billion for the first time; 3.1.2, China mainland, 2023 semiconductor sales were the world's first, and China mainland maintained high capital expenditure at 29% of the global semiconductor market.
The market share of mainland China, the Americas, and Europe is the third highest in the global semiconductor market. Of these, China’s share of the global semiconductor market is 29%, the Americas 25%, and Europe 10%. The quarterly semiconductor sales in mainland China remain on the rise.
According to the Trendforce data, the continued expansion of China’s large-scale terrestrial plants in 2024-2025 will be the main engine of growth in global maturation. By the end of 2025, over 25% of China’s top 10 mills will have developed maturities in mainland China, of which 28/
According to the Semi data, the total cost of equipment for 12-inch crystal mills in mainland China will exceed $100 billion in 2025, of which $45 billion will be spent in 2025. Substitute plants, represented by China Harbour International, have entered the 14-nm process node.
And move towards more advanced process nodes, gradually closing the technological gap with the international manufacturing giants; the Idm storage plant, which is represented by the Yangtze storage and storage of the Yangtze, continues to expand its capacity and maintains high capital spending.
3.1.3. U.S. industrial policies are increasing, and import of hbm is impeding. The U.S. industrial policies are increasing its export controls on high-tech China in the field of science and technology. The U.S. has introduced “entity lists” and other means, such as technology, equipment, talent and capital, to limit the development of China’s semiconductors.
Logical chips for nm and the following processes, dram memory chips for less than 18 nm and 128 floors and above; and enterprise restrictions for upgrades already included in the entity list. The new regulations limit the extension of advanced domestic processes: equipment that affect the development of advanced process products by manufacturers of United States-owned R&D personnel and spare parts:
In December 2022, bis published an update and revision of the list of entities and the deletion of the unverified list (uvl) of the corresponding list, which will include 36 Chinese chip companies and scientific institutions, including Yangjiang storage, Xinwiki, Shanghai microelectronics, etc., to be included in the list of entities.
On 2 December 2024, the bis amended the Export Management Regulations to include 136 relevant Chinese entities in the list of entities, covering semiconductor equipment companies, crystal-crystal manufacturing and sealing plants, investment companies, etc.
In the list of new entities, there are more than 100 semiconductor equipment companies in the North, including China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Controls. New provisions for eda tools for the development or production of advanced nodes integrated circuits include certain software (including amhs) that is highly efficient in the production of advanced equipment; new eda tools (including tcad) are not allowed to be made available to avoid the production of mature process equipment for the production of advanced processes. The eda tools are “breakout”:
Even previously purchased eda tools may be forced to deactivate because they cannot be renewed. New hbm export controls. Amend technical parameters for hbm controls to no longer rely on technical nodes (down to 18 nm), when the RAM unit is 0.288 gb/mm2/s.
Dramic meets the definition of advanced processic. Hbm is produced mainly by South Korea's ssk Hercules, the Samsung, and America's bright lights, and all Hbm products are restricted. 3.2. Storageer: market space is over $160 billion, 25 years or more.
3.2.1 The global market space exceeds $160 billion, and the storage chip is one of the most important products in the global chip market and can be classified as both vulnerable and non-frustible.The lossable storage is divided into dynamic random storage (dram) and static random storage (sram).
High-integral, low-capacity, low-cost, low-volume and other significant advantages for smartphones and server memory. Dram is the most important system in the current market and occupies a central position in the computing system, and should be used extensively in the areas of servers, mobile devices, pc, consumer electronics, etc.. due to high technical and financial barriers, dram
The flash chip is divided into noorflash and nadflash. 1,norflash: The current mainstream process is 55nm, mainly for storage codes and parts of data, mobile phones, pc, dvd, tv,
As the process progresses, serial flashes have been able to meet the speed and data-reading requirements of a single system and have gradually become the preferred option for major system programmers.
Flash: Large-volume storage, high write-off and scrubbing speed, considerable number of scratches, mostly applied to large-volume data storage, such as smartphones, flatboard computers, disks, solid-state hard drives, etc. Storage chip products are more standardized and competitively differentiated, so technological upgrades are storage units
The main strategy of the chip competition between companies is process upgrading, which is one of the major directions of technological upgrading. The higher the process technology of storing chips, the smaller the size of the unit, the smaller the area of storage chips, the larger the number of chips produced by the same size crystals, thus effectively reducing the unit cost of the chip and raising the competition for the product.
The market for the storage of chips offers a strong impetus to the growing demand for storage as the global market for the storage of chips evolves rapidly and as emerging scenarios such as the big model for the storage have emerged. The global storage market was over $160 billion in 2024, with wide market space.
The global storage market was over $160 billion in 2024, figure 20: the global storage market was over 30 per cent in 2024, the storage market was over 30 per cent in 2023, and the total share of dram and nad was 95 per cent.
It consists of a segmented market of dram, nad, noor, eeprom, among others, where dram and nad flosh account for a major share of the storage market. According to yole data, the global dram market was about 54% (about $52.1 billion) in 2023, and the netflash market was about 50%.
Forty-one per cent of the total storage market (approximately $39.3 billion), about 2.5 per cent of the total storage area (approximately $2.4 billion), and the total share of other storage chips (eprom, sram, etc.) was 2.3 per cent (approximately $2.17 billion).
Figure 21: Stock market share of storage in 2023 dominated by dram and nads 2023morymarket-breakdownbytechnology 3.2.2, storage chip prices rebounded steadily
In January 2025, dram and nadflash contract prices stopped falling. According to dramexchange, dram: ddr4 (8gb (1gx8), 2133mbps) contract prices remained at $1.35; nandflash (128gb16gx8mlc) contract prices increased by 4.6%, from $2.08 in December 24 to January 25
$3.53 at the beginning of the month; the spot price of Nandflash (64gb8gx8mlc) increased by 1.8 per cent, from $4.368 at the end of January to $4.446 at the beginning of March, reflecting marginal improvements in terminal demand.
The traditional chip architecture faces bottlenecks such as “storage walls” “power walls” and “calculus walls”, which make it difficult to meet the demand for low-time, energy-efficient and high-extensibility artificial intelligent applications. To address these problems, the technology is one-size-fits-all.
In response, the core idea is to move the computing unit as close as possible to the storage unit, and to increase the efficiency and efficiency ratio by reducing data handling. Depending on the degree of integration of the storage and computing unit, a broad-based, one-size-fits-all technology can be divided into three categories: near storage, memory processing, and memory calculation.
Paths to achieve high i/o density, high RAM bandwidth, and low access costs by encapsulating the computational logic chip with the memory to shorten the path between memory and processing units. hbm applies to artificial intelligence and data centres. High bandwidth memory (hbm) is a terminologies for near-situation techniques.
, a 3d stacked dram (dynamic random access memory) technology that can significantly enhance memory bandwidth and reduce access delays to meet large-scale parallels in gpu, hpc, ai reasoning/training to calculate demand for high bandwidth, low power consumption, large capacity and low delay memory.
Stacking and 2.5d/3d isomer integration. 3dtsv stacking: 4-8 layers of dram die vertically stacked through the silicon pore (tsv) process and connected to the bottom logical control chip (basedie) to form a high density storage unit. Tsv provides short-range interconnectivity to reduce signal decay and delay in traditional pcb cloth lines; 2.5d/3d is different.
Integrator: The hbm stack is interconnected with the gpu/cpu chip on the same base plate (mm level). The intermedial layer supports high density interconnectivity (>1000i/o/mm2), single stack bandwidth is raised to 819gb/s, power is reduced by 30-50%, and parallel access to the broad bus is possible for hbm.
1.23 tb/sandhigher (9.6 gbpsi/ospedandhigher)bandwidth up to 36gb (24gb/stack) capacity
5khyni skhynis skhyni
I'm sorry, skhynix stacks, skhynix stacks stacks, skhynix stacks stacks, skhynix stacks stacks.
Stacks stacks hbm2e
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
hbm architecture design, stacking structure: 4-8 dramdie through tsv vertical stacking, shared address/data channel, centrally controlled by basedie; interconnection level: hbm stack with gpu/cpu connects microbumps through silicon intermediate layers, with a density more than 10 times higher than traditional envelopes;
Combining: In an ai accelerator (e.g. nvidiah 100), groups of hbm stacks surround the gpu chip layout, form a "calculation-storage" integrated envelope, shortening the data path to the mm level. tsv
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}Hbmdramdie microbump {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF}
I'm sorry, habmdramdie, habmdramdie, habmdramdie phy.
This post is part of our special coverage Libya Protests 2011.
The suppliers of hbm are mainly sk Hercules, Samsung, Light and Light.
Three primary plants. Due to the high demand for artificial intelligence (ai)/mechanical learning (ml), Samsung, sk Hercules and Migwang storage plants competed to develop hbm technology. According to Trendforce data, the global market of hbm was 53% in 2023, the city of sk Hercules was 38%, and the city of tristar was 9%.
Launched in 2020, in 2020, in 2022 and in 2024, in 2024, Hbm3e.kHbm3e provides a maximum capacity of 36gb, with a maximum i/o rate of 9.6gbps, with a maximum bandwidth of 1.23tb/s, 1.4 times higher in capacity and bandwidth than hbm3.
Hbm4 to be launched in 2026 and Hbm4e to be rolled out in 2027-2028 are 16 layers of structures with a RAM capacity of 48gb (3gb per chip)/64gb (4gb per chip), with maximum bandwidth ~1.6tb/s.
3.2.4 A significant increase in capital expenditure on storage plant equipment in 2025 Increased demand for management of large datasets for i model training and increased volume of ai cellular phone/pcdram, nad tolerance to drive a rapid increase in storage expenditure on cloud and end-sideai, and the traditional direction of capital expenditure by the storage vendor
According to the Semi data, the sales of Nand equipment are expected to remain relatively stable at 1.5 per cent to $9.35 billion in 2024 and 55.5 per cent to $14.6 billion in 2025. Driven by a surge in demand for hbm, sales of dram equipment are projected to increase by 24.1 per cent in 2024 and 2025, respectively.
Cloud side: Arithmetic uplifts the demand of the dram market for the ai infrastructure. The ai infrastructure is the foundation of the ai industry, providing computing capacity and storage space for the ii model training and reasoning. According to idc, the global market for artificial intelligence infrastructure.
At a high rate of growth, it is projected that, by 2028, over $100 billion will have been spent on ai infrastructure. 2024h1, a 37 per cent increase in expenditure on aai computing and storage hardware infrastructure compared to the previous year, reaching $31.8 billion. In 2028, an amount of $107 billion is expected to be spent on aai infrastructure, with servers accounting for 75 per cent of total market expenditure, accelerating.
Servers accounted for 56 per cent of total expenditure. Cloud side computing increased and dram demand increased significantly.ai infrastructure included servers and storage hardware. Servers: 2024h1 accounted for 89 per cent of the cost of the ai infrastructure, an increase of 37 per cent from the same year.
In the border and shared environment, the ai infrastructure accounts for 65% of the total server expenditure, and the growth is driven mainly by the super-large cloud service providers and digital service providers. Storage: the ai application has a large volume of data and complex computing tasks, and gpu has a significant increase in demand for dram.
Calculating efficiency and performance. For example, model parameters, intermediate results and gradient information need to be stored in the dram during the training. 2024h1 storage expenditure increased by 36% over the year, 56% of which was from cloud deployments. Four cloud producers have continued to expand capital spending.
Four cloud producers, Google, Microsoft, Meta, together, spend more than $230 billion on capital, and the cloud company spend more on capital on a quarterly basis. The 2024q4 cloud company spends more than $70 billion on capital, a record high.
In data-intensive applications such as learning, data centres and ai processors need to use high bandwidth memory (hbm) to process low-delayed large amounts of data and high demand for hbm. According to techinsights, Hbm output is expected to increase by 70% in 2025 on a year-on-year basis.
3.4 On the end: aai hardware overlap accelerates the noor expansion of the terminal manufacturer ' s intensive layout of aai hardware ecology.
In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Andre mobile phone company issued an intensive release of a new version of the flagship 'ai 's mobile phone (the Mate 70 series, the Mi15 series, the Glory Magic7 series, etc.) to enhance local 'ai ' capabilities such as real-time translation, image generation, etc., and forced storage hardware upgrades.
Hardware high end drives storage needs. 1,asp continues to rise: counterpoint predicts smartphone asp high end machine-type boosters directly pulling large volume of noorflash demand. 2, Arithmetic and Storage Synergy: ai makes higher demands on cpu/npu/gpu performance in Soc, driving noorflash to high bandwidth and low delay
Global smartphonesasp keeps growing, ai terminal opens up new applications, and noor market demand increases. Noorflash is widely used for smart hands.
. tws headphones: head brands (e.g. Appleirpodspro) support the main functions of motion noise reduction, space audio, etc., medium- and low-end aircraft with a voice helper, noorflash capacity expansion. amoled screen: drive narflash for brightness compensation and state memory, 2k/120hz high
tddi touch-control chip: contact-coded data storage needs to drive noorflash upscaling with innovative features such as folding screens, pressure interaction, etc. aipc: bios code growth driver Noorflash capacity upgrades, Microsoft copilot+ and other localai tools to stimulate demand further. ai glasses/xr devices: lightweight
Transacting the use of low-power storage programmes, single-line nonflash can reach 64-128m, 2025 or figure 36: extensive application of nonflash to smartphones, wearables and access to goods
4.1. Customized storage: Discrepancies in the Continuum. Moi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji.
The Division focuses on customised storage solutions designed to store non-standard interfaces for iot, smart terminals, etc. 3d stacking techniques for mega-inventive layouts, similar to the Cube program in Wabon.
The Cube program has the advantage of high bandwidth and high economic efficiency. Cube is integrated with the soc chip of 22/28nm, with bandwidth equivalent of hbm2. Compared to the traditional dram, Cube does not need pcb to walk, further save area, reduce power, and have higher power.
Cube applies to endai. The bandwidth of the cube scheme corresponds to hbm, but it has a smaller capacity (1-8gb). Cube customizes the contents of the interface form, the wrapping form, etc., depending on the special storage needs of the different end devices, the variations in the products of the end-end algorithm soc. The cube scheme applies to low-power, high bandwidth and medium and low tolerance.
Sites of memory demand, such as wearable equipment, peripheral server equipment, surveillance equipment, adas and Consort 4.2, noor Global Outbreaks: Endsideai pushes the market or boosts the international storage plants to produce less. There is increasing competition in the small size of the nonflash market.
And the demand for dram, nadflash has erupted, and the big international factory (Sepras) has gradually withdrawn from the low- and medium-end noor market to a high Māori dram/nand. Endai’s push for corporate ownership is expected to increase further. Endai is reshaping the consumer electronic hardware shelf.
In the short term, one cell phone/pc releases will directly pull the size of the market; in the long run, xr, ai glasses, etc., are expected to open the second growth curve, and the share of Chinese manufacturers in the market is expected to continue to rise.
The share of flash products is the second largest in the world, and products can be widely used in end-use areas such as consumer electronics, smart wear, etc., and are expected to continue to break through the industry, automobiles, etc., and the company’s future market share is expected to increase further.
Strategic synergies: The company concentrates on a profit-based dram, which is deeply tied to the country’s long-term storage of the dram crystal factory. The founder of the Moi-Immin has served in the long storage management, with deep mutual trust between the two managements forming a strategy. The long-term storage is the country’s scarce dram storage product, idm, based on strategic collaboration between the two sides.
Relationships, opening up part of the production capacity to provide proxy services for the modulated dram business, which is expected to purchase $589 million in substitute dram products from Changgum in the first half of 2025 and $922 million (unaudited) in 2024, according to the modulated innovation announcement, and which continues to grow in scale.
In 2024, the global dram market, with long-term storage accounting for 13% of total capacity, 6% of delivery and 3.7% of sales, is expected to grow to the same level of beauty as the third largest dram manufacturer in the world by 2025. By “design-manufacturing” vertically, it will break through overseas.
Supply chain restrictions to increase likidram domestic production rate.5 Investment proposals: Beneficialai hardware upgrade + national production replacement process. Recommendations medium- to long-term 1) likidram: process of phasing out ddr3 from overseas head manufacturers and reducing ddr4
The processing of tails and the overlaying of demand since 24q3 has led to a fall-off of the liki-dram price from the end of the third quarter of 2024. In mid-October 2024, industry prices reached the bottom of the phase, further exploring, basic clean-up, optimized supply side patterns resonant with demand-side improvements, and prices are expected to recover steadily, driving companies.
In the context of a weak recovery, new needs and products are expected to grow further in the industrial sector. In terms of car regulation mcu, companies have introduced new products, gd32a7, for use in the areas of body, domain control, chassis, etc., and the current client feedback is good.
The company will continue to strengthen its input and actively develop new applications, it is expected to gradually increase its share in brand cellular manufacturers in the future, and the leader will continue to benefit from a process of substitution of land and national production for the application of the ai, covering for the first time with a “recommended” rating.
With the rapid growth of artificial intelligence applications, global technology flagships are actively setting up artificial intelligence chips, with a significant increase in arithmetic inputs.c Design companies need to continuously increase their R&D investment to promote product upgrading, consolidate and enhance the competitive edge of core technologies within the industry.
Intra-industry competitors, or new products, do not meet customer requirements and companies will face the risk that technological R & D inputs will not produce the desired results, thereby adversely affecting their business performance.
The integrated circuit industry is a technology-intensive, capital-intensive and knowledge-based workforce-intensive industry. In the current external situation, the difficulty of bringing in high-end talent from overseas has continued to increase, and competition among high-end people from the domestic integrated circuits has intensified, putting companies at a certain risk in terms of retention of core talent.
Supply chain risks due to uncertainty in the external environment Semiconductor industries rely on complex global supply chains. In recent years, counter-globalization trends have led to increased global supply chain risks, impeded procurement of imported raw materials or prolonged cycles and increased global supply chains in the context of increased uncertainty in the external environment.
1 Māori rate, ebit rate, net interest rate 2, net profit and its annual growth rate 3, operating income and its annual growth rate