q1 opened the door, raised the profits, performed as expected, soy sauce and aphid oil grew faster, and soy sauce recovered more rapidly.
Longer, the number of low double-digit growths in the south and north, with the number of company distributors at the end of the period reaching 4989, net pre-arrangement payments actively leading to a significant increase in advance payments and a return to normal collection at the end of the period, which is still 32.24 per cent. q1 ' s net cash inflows into operating activities amounted to $5.307 million, a decline of 88.31 per cent over the same period, with the principal.
The company now has ample cash, with end-of-period monetary funds of $9,728 million and transactional financial assets of $4,868 million.
The q1 Māori rate decreased slightly from 0.9 pct to 45.8 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of an increase in the performance improvement phase, and the significant decrease in quarterly financial cost was mainly due to a significant increase in interest income during the period from 156 per cent to $7.94 million over the same period, which, taken together, decreased by 2.1 pct over the reporting period.
q1 realized a net profit of $1.477 billion, an increase of 22.81 per cent, a net interest rate of 26.9 per cent and a higher rate, moving to a new three-to-five phase, deepening the protection of the city's rivers.
The year 2019 marked the beginning of the company ' s 3 by 5 plan, with performance guidance of $19.76 billion (+16 per cent), net profit of $5.238 billion (+20 per cent), net profit of $4.95 billion (+20 per cent). The company did not lower growth expectations at a time when the economy was under pressure.
Stable, and secondly, as the firm’s absolute leader in the business, the company has accelerated its share of the market, relying on brand, productive, channel, and so on. The company now has a market share of 17-18%, with a target date status, while accelerating the rapid growth of small products such as alcohol and vinegar, and increasing product closings.
Seafood Industries (603288) 2018: Numerical Core Drive, 3 by 5 is robust. It is based on multi-grade and multi-layered demand. The company has more than 3 million tons of capacity.
The model leads the way, and with the landing of the smart base replenishment project, the Jiangsu base capacity release and the second phase of the project, it is expected that more than 1 million tons of spices will be released again during the 35-year period, increasing production security for sustained incremental growth. The company ' s existing marketing network has already reached 100%.
In the cities of the interior, where 90% of the country’s provinces have sold over a billion dollars, companies will continue to expand their network layout and sinking in the future, and to improve their management of the channels. At the same time, the company’s online presence is growing rapidly and is effectively integrated with traditional channels.
Maintenance of profit projections, with the company ' s projected net return for 2019-2021 leading to a structural upgrade due to the rapid growth of high-end sauce, the continued use of aphid oil and the future share of high-end acadium oil, which is expected to improve Māori, and the gradual closing of the flavour sauce channel, which is expected to recover in 2019.
The company has entered three or five new stages, guiding expectations to remain robust, reflecting the company's ability to move through cycles, and maintaining an “uptake” rating. Food safety risks, price volatility risks for raw materials, less than expected sauce adjustments, industry landscape
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.