For the first time, it's covered, it's driven by a volume increase core, it's driven by a steady increase in soy sauce, it's released aphid oil, it's in a state of adjustment.
With 60.1% of revenue, a high proportion of soy sauce oils have steadily increased the overall income base. Its quantity and quality have kept the sale of soy sauce up faster; there was no price increase for soy sauce in 2018, and the product structure was optimized by 0.9%, while the aphids earned 2,856 million yuan, or 26.0%, of revenue.
After the year’s adjustment period, the aphid oils enter the stage of continuous release; the price rises by 1.1%, mainly through quality upgrades and structural optimization. The price of the sauce is 2,092 million yuan, or 2.6%, and the rate of increase is significantly slower, mainly because of the impact of the restructuring of the distribution channels during the year, with a small increase of 3.0% in sales and a small ton price.
Long. For the subregion, each of the five regions of the country has maintained double-digit growth and regional development has increased income structure (2018) product structure upgrades + technological improvements have increased efficiency and net interest rate innovation has been high
During the reporting period, the company ' s combined Māori rate increased steadily by 0.8 pct to 46.5 per cent, with a reduction in the cost of soy sauce, aphid oil, production techniques and a reduction of 1.1 per cent, 1.9 per cent and 4.7 per cent, respectively, in the cost of tons of soy sauce, alfonon oil, and flavour sauce, with a decrease of 1.4 per cent, 2.2 per cent and 6.2 per cent per ton of direct material, respectively, and a change of technology.
Increased production efficiency, accompanied by lower cost prices such as white sugar. Direct labour costs increased by 26.4 per cent, or 2.68 per cent, and are expected to fall as intelligent manufacturing evolves.
o4 net profit of 1,234 million yuan, or 24.3 per cent, increased interest rates by 1.4 pct to 25.6 per cent over the year, rising to a new high and increasing profitability.
The year 2019 marked the beginning of the company ' s 3 by 5 plan, with performance guidance of $19.76 billion (+16 per cent), net profits of $5.238 billion (+20 per cent), net profits of $4.95 billion (+20 per cent), and the company ' s growth expectations were not reduced at a time when the economy was under pressure.
Stable, and secondly, as the firm’s absolute leader in the business, the company has accelerated its share of the market, relying on brand, productive, channel, and so on. The company now has a market share of 17-18%, with a target date status, while accelerating the rapid growth of small products such as alcohol and vinegar, and increasing product closings.
The company has more than 3 million tons of capacity, and the model leads the team. With the landing of the smart base replenishment project, the Jiangsu base release, and the second phase of the project, it is expected that more than 1 million tons of spices will be released again in the course of the 35-year period.
Productive capacity, in order to increase production capacity in a sustained manner. The company’s existing distribution network has reached 100% coverage of cities at the local level and above, with 90% of the interior provinces selling over a billion, and companies will continue to fast-track network layout and sinking in the future, and enhance the fine-tuning of channels.
In anticipation of rapid growth, sales on line 2018 will yield revenues of $292 million, an increase of 45.6 per cent, which will lead to structural upgrading; the continued use of asterium oil, which is expected to improve the future share of high-end aphid oils; and the gradual closing of the taste sauce channel, which is expected to grow in 2019, with a determined overall performance.
The company has entered a new three-to-five phase, which guides expectations to remain robust, reflecting the firm's ability to pass through the cycle. For the first time, coverage is given, with an “enhanced” rating. Food safety risks, price volatility of raw materials, less than expected sauce adjustments, industry landscapes.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.