There's a way to buy back and buy out the foreign powers of the Elephant Sea, and there's a depth report from the Sani Sea Coal Industry.
The company is located in Shaanxi province, which is a 52-week share price range in our future coal main production area.
In the region with the greatest potential for output growth, the company-owned coalification group is the only provincial coal group in the province, with absolute advantages in terms of access to resources and transport. The company, as the only coal marketing platform in the province of Shaanxi, has a role in the development and integration of resources in mining areas.
The resource endowments are excellent, with hundreds of millions of tons of high-efficiency capacity, and they will increase over the next three years. The company's resource endowments are excellent, with over 10 billion coal reserves and 97% of coal resources located in high-quality coal-producing areas such as Tianbei, Ping-yeon, and one.
The company has 16 pairs of holding mines and an output capacity of 101.25 million tonnes/year, which are large, mega-mines. With simple geological conditions and a small historical burden, the company costs tons of coal well below the industry average, and is no less than a icon.
The company’s performance will increase steadily over the next two years with the completion of high-quality mines, such as the mini-podang mine, the Yuan Beach mine, etc. Monhua Railways break transport bottlenecks. With the opening of the Monhua Railways and the Jingxian Railways, they will be greatly improved.
The proportion of coal that companies sell to the region will increase significantly over the next few years. Given that the cost of electricity in the region is much higher than the national and regional averages, and that the company's coal transport is converted from road to rail transport, freight costs will decrease significantly, and the mining area in the north will fall.
The provincial industry is low in concentration, and resource consolidation is expected to be strong. Sangxi is home to coal companies that produce far less than other coal-producing provinces, and the industry needs to be integrated, while the company, as the only coal in Shaanxi province, is on the market.
The high-scoring red potential is enormous. Since the coal industry’s supply side reform, corporate profitability has continued to improve.
Coal in Tsangxi (601225): Quantities of upscaling for performance The asset-liability ratio continues to fall and corporate capital spending will grow steadily in the future as construction projects are completed
In order to fully safeguard the interests of companies and investors, the investors have to stabilize their reserves, 2, and the Xianxi Coal Industry (601225): Northwestern power coal taps.
With this buyback, each share will receive an increase in returns, net profits and equity, and the corresponding investment value will be raised, with ps expected to increase by 5-7%, further highlighting the public interest.
The company’s current valuation level is considered to be at an absolute low historical level, with expectations of repair, with more than 60% of the current stock price rising, maintaining a firm’s “strongly recommended” rating.
Xiaoxi Coal (601225) Xiaoxi Coal has a way to buy a foreign gift, Xiangxi Coal (601225) Xiaoxi Coal has a different way to buy a foreign gift.
The province's “single son” is one of the most promising regions for the future growth of production in the country's main coal-producing areas. The company-owned coalification group, which is the only province in the province, has an absolute advantage in terms of access to resources and transport.
As the only coal public platform in Qingxi Province and Qingxi Province, the Qingxi Coal industry has an unmatched advantage in mining development and resource consolidation, and is strategically well positioned.
In the production situation, the addition of new capacity and the construction of capacity were analysed in depth in the context of the report "Access to the Carys of the Cary " , which concluded that the focus of future coal development in the country would be on the Tsangxi region, followed only by the third largest coal industry base in Naymon and Shanxi. The total area of coal in Tsangxi Province is about 57,000 km2, cumulatively.
With 170 billion tons of resources in storage, the country’s third largest reserves, and good coal resource endowments, good coal quality, low coal-bed, simple geological formations, and low production costs, it is particularly appropriate to build large-scale mines. With three priority building bases, namely, Tianbei, Shindong, and Huang Yu, the country will benefit significantly from increased industrial concentration in the future.
The National Coal Industry Policy issued by the Commission, the Energy Development Strategy Action Plan issued by the State Council, and the 13th Five-Year Plan for Coal Industrial Development issued by the National Energy and Energy Agency have made it clear that priority should be given to promoting the construction of large coal bases such as Xinbei, God, East and Yellow.
The key points of the paper also point to the need to further optimize the production layout, accelerate the construction of large coal bases in the North, accelerate the release of high-quality and high-quality production, and concentrate coal production in high-quality areas.
Article 10 stabilizes coal production in the eastern part of the country.
The construction of large-scale regional coal bases to accelerate industrial fragmentation in the western part of the country, surveying and modest development of coal resources, reducing the production of coal bases and controlling them.
Xinjiang Xinjiang coal base building Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang
Strategic action plan for energy development
The focus is on Jinbei, Jinjung, Jindong, Shindong, God, Dong-yeong, Huang-yeong, Ningdong, Ruthie, Swan, Yun Gui, Jin-hyeong, Henan, Nemon.
The ancient east, Xinjiang and the other 14 billion tons of sizes continue to optimize the development layout, insisting on the north coal to neutralize the excess.
Large modern coal mines replace small and medium-sized coal mines in the South, with a focus on the construction of large coal bases in Shinto, Jinbei, Jindong and Xinjiang.
Eastern financial and intellectual sources of coal production (601225): thong coal buys back and buys gifts from the unknown sea: three seats in the country's 14 largest coal production base, Shaanxi Province
1.2 Coalification Group: As the fourth largest coal company in the country, the only province in Shaanxi has an absolute and strategic advantage in terms of access to resources and capacity.
The only major coal company in Shaanxi province is the Xinxi Provincial Council and the provincial government, which are implementing the strategy of Xiangxi Province Development, taking full advantage of Xinxi's coal resources, starting with the development of a strong energy industry, the only major energy industry in Xiangxi Province that has been restructured and developed in accordance with the requirements of the modern enterprise system.
There are large coal enterprises in the provinces of Shanxi, Nemong, Shandong, Hebei and Henan, which are uniquely positioned within the province to gain more access to resources, project approval, and railway power allocation. Table 1: Large provincial coal groups in the major coal-producing provinces
The country’s fourth-largest coal consortium is a source of wealth and wisdom. At the same time, it is one of the two major players in the development of the country’s large-scale coal base in the north of China, which can take full advantage of favourable location and policy conditions through selective acquisition of good-quality coal.
Sources and the combination and adaptation of local small-scale coal mines, among other forms, combine excellent resources and rapidly expand their reserves in order to ensure a steady increase in coal production. In 2017, the thorium coal group produced 140 million tons of coal, or 4.07% of the country's total coal production. It is the fourth largest coal group in the country.
Complementarities and coordinated development of industry and related industries such as coal-fired power generation, steel smelting, mechanical manufacturing, construction, railway investment, technology, finance, modern services etc. 1.3 Coal industry: the only coal platform in the coal market of the Coalification Group
The Xiaoxi Coal industry was created by the Qingxi Coal Group as a whole with coal assets, as the only platform for the marketing of coal in Qingxi Province and Qingxi Province, with the advantage of other companies in planning construction and resource consolidation in mining areas. The Qingxi Coal Group is the only platform for listing.