A robust growth in the performance of the new crew — the performance of the energy power plant in 2024 is forecasted for 22 January 2025.
Hydropower generation has grown steadily and new energy generation has increased significantly. The company completed 11,02.12 billion kilowatt hours in 2024, an increase of 4.62 per cent in the same year. In hydropower, as a result of the peak river basins in 2024, the water was 0.5 per cent abundant and the company’s tb hydroelectric power station was fully operational during the year, and the hard beam plant was partially operational during the year.
In the case of new energy sources, the increase in the size of the installed machinery is due to the fact that the electricity generated by the company in 2024 is almost equal.
For 25,986 million kWh, the increase is 7.37%; for hydropower, wind power, photovoltaics, 248.47, Liang Yunan, the new crew is expected to drive the company to increase its electricity generation over 25 years.
The installed capacity of the hydroelectric plant was 4*35 = 1.4 million kilowatts, which was fully delivered in 2024. In 2024, the power generated by the tb water station was 2.87 billion kilowatt-hours, and its design averaged 6.23 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity generated over a period of years, corresponding to 25 years of incremental or expected to reach 3.36 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh).
1*3.6+4*27 = 1116 million kilowatts, of which the first unit 5 (36,000 kilowatts) and the second unit 4 (270,000 kilowatts) are currently on board. In 2024, the hard beam plant generated 23 million kilowatt hours of electricity, with its design averaged 5,181 million kilowatts of electricity over a number of years, with the hard beam plant fully invested in 2025.
On the new energy side, 24 outgoing electricity prices are subject to limited volatility, and depreciation & lower financing costs are expected to support profitability. At the end of the price, the company’s power delivery in the west is more in line with the framework agreement, actual and marketized.
Electricity prices are relatively small and are expected to be limited by the 25-year drop in electricity prices in provinces such as Guangdong. For example, in 2024, there were about 28 billion kilowatt-hours of actual grid power in six power stations, while in 2025, according to the Yunnan Power Network Priority Plan, it arranged for a “point-to-post” distribution of electricity from the upstream power station of the Yangtze River to Guangdong.
At the end of the cost, on the one hand, while company tb, hard beams and power plants will lead to an increase in depreciation for 24-25 years, power stations such as the Knut Bridge, the Satarves, and the Dragon Open.
Part of the crew depreciation is expected to offset some of the negative effects. On the other hand, in a lower interest rate environment, the lower cost of financing is expected to save companies some financial costs, with 24q1-3 generating a financial fee.
I am committed to producing this report in an independent and objective manner and in a spirit of diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The report is provided to its customers by China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter called Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as customers by recipients as recipients of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.