Quantified electricity shares (002463) Quarterly 2025. Quarterly reviews. Quarterly reviews. Quarterly reviews. Quarterly reviews. Quarterly. Quarterly. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q. Q.
The company ' s operating income for the first three quarters of 2025 was 13,512 million yuan, an increase of 49.96 per cent over the same period, net return to the mother, net return to the mother, 10.35 and 1,033 million yuan, respectively, with an increase of 12.44 per cent and an increase in the ring, respectively.
Chen Wei-Wang has increased the structural demand for pcb in the emerging computing landscape. q3 operating income was $5,019 billion in the single quarter, a 12.62% ring increase, net profit for the mother, net profit for the deduction, and net profit for the parent.
Technology cards have a clear advantage, and they are actively promoting capacity expansion. Companies maintain close cooperation with major clients, develop multi-arimental platforms and high-speed network exchange products, and technology cards have a clear advantage.
In order to meet client demand for high-end pcb, the company has in recent years promoted the lowest prices (in dollars) in December by means of technological changes and new projects, and implemented high-speed, high-speed, network-oriented printing in January 2024 in the Qinghai factory area.
In October 2024, a project was announced to build a new artificial mind in a reserved site in Kunshan, with a total investment of approximately $4.3 billion in high-end printed circuit board extension, with a planned annual production of approximately 290,000 square metres of high-security interconnection layers, which is expected to be under construction in late June.
In July of this year, the company’s board of directors agreed to authorize management to consult with the Executive Board of the Yellowstone Economics and Development Region on the investment of indicative projects, with a total investment of up to $3.6 billion. In addition, the factory in Thailand has entered the q2 phase of small-scale production, i servers, switchboards, etc.
Applications have been formally recognized by clients and production capacity is expected to be released over time, contributing additional amounts. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a with a depth of 300 indexes; three-board index for the new three-board frame of reference.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.