• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 3-quarterly report, 2025, with gross operating income of $13.512 billion, up from last year
• Corporate performance continues to grow, benefiting from the growth of demand in the ai, the demand for structure of the printed circuit boards from emerging computing scenarios such as high-speed computing servers, artificial intelligence, and an increase in the company's business income in the previous three quarters.
In the area of data communications, arithmetic networks, data centres, companies focus on research and development of core technology for the next generation of high-speed high-class products, around high power, high-band density, high-speed and high-priced companies in comparison with deep 300 trends.
Frequent, ongoing research and development on signal integrity, power supply integrity, high and complex structures, reliability, ultra-low loss and depletion, and higher-level processes of material processing. With regard to arithmetical products, a platform based on 224 gbps is currently being developed in collaboration with a number of domestic and international head companies.
In the network exchange product section, the 1.6t switch has entered the customer sampling and certification phase. 34x/27x/24x. The power share is an arithmetic age with a major supplier of pcb on the server, considering the profitability of the company's products and the continued robust growth of its harvest while the company holds it.
Continue to expand the server's performance. Maintain the “buy-in” rating. *ai demand is less than expected, firms are less developed, the pcb industry is competitive, the pcb core is leading the company's communications board.
2. Power shares: performance continued to grow in the first half of 2025 and demand was strong in the one area. The industry research framework and financial analysis system matured, was good at analysing investment opportunities from a buyer ' s perspective, and was fully responsible for team e-industry research.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.