Three-quarterly review of q3 power shares: q3 continues the trend of high growth, the expansion of capacity opens up the growth space, the growth of power shares (002463).
Event: 3's three-quarters report in 2025, q3’s business income of $5,019 million ai-driven growth is strong, and there is a strong demand for servers and switchpcb products. \triangleright
Performance continues to grow at a high rate, benefiting mainly from the structural demand for high-end printed circuit boards from emerging computing scenarios such as high-speed computing servers and artificial intelligence. According to Prismark, the market size of pcb will increase from $73.6 billion in 2024 to $94.7 billion in 2029.
In US dollars, the five-year capr is 5.2%, while the mlb, hdi circuit boards and large-sized advanced base plates associated with the ai, high performance computing and communication infrastructure systems are either the main driving force of the pcb field.
Pcb products increased by about 25 per cent on a year-on-year basis and accounted for about 23 per cent of business income in the corporate communications market; high-speed network switches and their accompanying routers increased by about 161 per cent on a year-on-year basis and accounted for about 53 per cent of corporate communications market revenues.
In order to meet the demand for higher-grade products brought by the ai, the company is actively expanding its high-end capacity. A total investment of about $4.3 billion in "Associative Smart Chips"
The project to expand the production of high-end printed circuit boards has been launched, and the company is expected to start testing production and gradually upgrade capacity in the second half of 2026. With regard to the external layout, the Thai production base has entered the small-scale production phase at 25q2 and in applications such as the one server and the switchboard.
In addition, the company intends to plan the distribution of the h shares, which will allow the exchange to continue with the high view and capacity bottlenecks.
Increased access to overseas financing to support global business layout and development.
\triangleright \ annual \ \ \ \ power share \ \  \  \   \  \
The company is a central stock in the arithmetic chain, and we appreciate the company's development prospects in this area, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company.
Risk factors: i underdevelopment; risk of macro-economic fluctuations; short-term stock price waves.
In August, he joined the New China Securities Electronics Group, and in November 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group, which studied optical, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, etc. The first-ever securities group, the Sadi think tank, joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group in January 2025, which studied semiconductors, etc.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the CVM-resumed qualification for portfolio investment consulting.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.