Power shares (002463) High numeracy, new q3 performance, energy expansion opening up growth space High speed switches and ai servers demand and company q3 performance innovation.
Quarterly operating income of $5.019 billion, an increase of 39.92 per cent over the same period; net profit return of $1.035 billion, an increase of 46.25 per cent over the same year; net profit of $1.033 billion, an increase of 48.61 per cent over the same period; corporate q3 Māori rate of 35.84 per cent, an increase of 0.90 ptt over the same period.
The surge in demand for high-speed switches, servers, etc., has led to higher-value-added pcb operations, better product structure, and increased profitability as a result of the one-off outbreak. The expansion of capacity has continued, looking at high-level product volumes and releasing elasticity.
Large investments in key and bottleneck processes are expected to improve productive capacity effectively at 25h2. The high-end print circuit board extension project for artificial intelligence chips has been launched on 24 June. The first phase is planned to produce approximately 180,000 square metres of high-density high-density interlocking layers per year.
The stage is planned to produce approximately 110,000 m2 of high-density interconnection layers per year, and the post-partum delivery will provide a beautiful forecast of high-end gross equity/flow (billion shares) < < < q2 performance and high demand for arithmetic
< < 24-year annual report of <ai server and switchpcb driver with attention to high-end output generating incremental space> ---2025-
High growth continues with a strong product structure.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.
I'm gonna need you to approve any machine.