{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002463} Rapid globalisation of the Hong Kong consignment table, Googletpu roll-out welcome, December 01, 2025
On December 1, 2025, an announcement was issued to Hong Kong for listing as a data centre and switchboard in the pcb area.
The ball-leader, Xiaojiang, has been listed for high-end capacity expansion and cutting-edge technology research and development (e.g., cotop) through the capital market. The ipo marks the further maturity of the company’s global supply chain delivery system, while its Thai base has entered and acquired output at 2025q2
The central supply chain has been scaled up by the recent process of Googletpu commercialization, which has been significantly accelerated by providing arithmetical support to the Anthropic and by linking it to arithmetic.
Meta negotiated deployment, which marked its move from internal self-accelerating to external empowerment, to the gradual establishment of a market position as a variable numeracy option outside of British Weida, driving the release of chips to be expected to increase strongly.
The high arithmetic version of the pcb process has increased the difficulty of accompanying pcb processes, and the accelerated evolution of the panel specifications to ultra-low loss and depletion levels such as m9 has significantly boosted the unit value. Under the double resonance of downstream demand spillovers and technological upgrades, the size of the Google chain pcb market is expected to grow at a high rate.
With a deep technical strength in aipcb and a switchpcb, and deep collaboration with large downstream customers, shares are expected to benefit from a substantial increase in the volume price of the market size of pcb. The expansion of production capacity is steadily advancing, and the global layout deepens the aipcb mound.
+ New two-wheel-drive energy structure upgrades: on the domestic front, a core of $4.3 billion was invested in semi-annual tests that will significantly increase high-end supply capacity; on the overseas side, the Thai base is already operational for the second quarter of the year.
Small-scale production and client certification is expected to accelerate the process of customer import in the second half of the year.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the fact that the company has now imported into the supply chain of a number of large North American customers, The Power Share (002463): 2024 Annual Report
At the same time, the high-speed network switchboards and their accompanying circuits are demandful for pcb, ai servers and hpc-related pcbs, and the company’s domestic and overseas production capacity is well advanced.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.