q3 with high performance innovation, increasing capacity release — three-quarterly editions of the 2025 report —  (002463.sz)
Events: The company disclosed three-quarterly reports in 2025. The company earned 13,512 million Canadians in the first three quarters of 2025.
For the first time, the net profit of the parent exceeded $1 billion. The Māori rate was 35.84 per cent, the net profit rate was 20.62 per cent, and the profitability of the company was relatively stable. q3 purchased fixed assets, intangible assets and others.
In Thailand, production base 2025q2 has entered the small-scale production phase and has been officially endorsed by clients in applications such as the one-server and the switchboard.
As clients expand and product imports progress, their production capacity will be released in an orderly manner and their production capacity will be further validated, laying the foundation for the optimal upgrading of the product staircase structure, which is expected to commence in the second half of 2026 with the pilot production and development of the smart chip-packed high end printed circuit board extension project.
Step-by-step upgrading of production capacity, the project further expands the production capacity of high-end companies to meet the medium- and long-term needs of clients for high-speed computing services, artificial intelligence for high-end printing of circuit boards.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In 2022, you joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.