The company reports a robust operation and an expansion of capacity - the third quarter of 2025.
On the evening of October 28, 2025, a three-quarter report was issued on the power company. In the third quarter of 2025, the company achieved business income of $13,512 million, an increase of 49.96 per cent over the previous quarter; net return profits were realized.
At the revenue end, benefiting from the structural demand for the printing of circuit boards from emerging computing scenes such as high-speed computing servers, artificial intelligence, etc., the first three quarters of the business income of the power share has been higher than the previous year. By substructure, the switchpcb is either the growth-driven core. Based on semi-annual performance exchanges, the Thai base has entered 2025q2
In the small-scale production phase, the client was accredited in the area of the i server, while the 2025h1 enterprise communications market board generated about $6,532 million in operating income, representing a significant increase of about 70.63 per cent over the same period, with high-speed network exchanges and their accompanying routes increasing at a speed of 161.46 per cent, higher than that of the i server and Hpc-related pcb
At the profit end, the company’s Māori ratio has remained stable and stable overall. The Māori rate was about the first three quarters of 2025.
The study by the Société générale d ' état (002463) and the increase in the remuneration of employees in 2023. 2024q1 forecast point: high-end pcb leading supplier, i.e. demand
In addition to the continuous expansion of technology, the company was able to increase its capital expenditure in 2024.
q4 plans to invest about 4.3 billion in new artificial intelligence chip packages for high-end printing circuit board expansion, which began in late June 2025, and is expected to start testing and gradually upgrade production in the second half of 2026 as a leading industry pcb supplier, with a strong demand in the industry and a continuous expansion of corporate capacity.
The Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the agreed transfer target)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.