3-quarterly review of 2025: 25q3 performance meets expectations, output expands +ai demand boosts higher profits
The research assistant's overall performance is in line with expectations, and the expansion of capacity and the release of large clients will further release profit bullets. The company collected $5,019 million in 25q3, compared to +39.92 per cent/ring ratio +12.62 per cent, and the Māori ratio.
The pull of high-end pcb demand, such as high-speed switches, coupled with continued optimization of the company's product structure, significant increases in profitability levels and, in addition, in terms of capacity, the start of a small batch of goods from the Thai plant of 25q2, which is expected to further unlock the company's overall profitability potential as major clients release.
▪ Technology leads high-end breakthroughs, and high-speed switches are expected to drive profitability upscaling. Companies have strengthened their technological edges around core areas such as high-speed signal integrity, power supply integrity, ultra-low-depletion material processing. Companies have developed 224gbps speed platform products with domestic and foreign head customers.
1.6t switch pcb entered the customer sampling and certification phase, signalling a further consolidation of the company's technological strength in the new generation of a suit and high-speed communication equipment pcb. At the same time, the company continued to break through advanced processes such as high-level hdi, ceramics and p2pack in the electronics sector of automobiles.
In terms of capacity-building, companies are upgrading their efficiency and structure through technological change and new projects. Total investment is about 43.
The multi-billion-dollar high-end pcb extension project for the ai chip was launched in late June 2025, and the Division expects to test it in the second half of 2026 and will significantly enhance the company ' s future in the high-end aipcb area of "Girl Power Shares (002463): 2024 reporting point "
On the overseas side, the Thai base has entered a small-scale production phase in the second quarter, and has been assessed as: high-speed switchpcb is bright, attention is focused on obtaining formal approval from two clients, and it is expected that more customers will be imported in the second half of the year.
See, the power shares are synergizing through technological upgrading and expansion of production capacity to strengthen their core competitiveness in the global emitting rhythm of production capacity at sea and in the sea with the high-end pcb industry chain.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: given that the company is now importing into the supply chain of a number of major North American customers, The Power Share (002463): 3-quarterly report 2024, and the high-speed network switchboard and its accompanying route is related to pcb, i server and hpc
Review: Remarkable earnings performance, a wave of pcb demand, and the company ' s domestic and overseas production performance progresses well, with the prospect of subsequent performance growth continuing to strengthen corporate performance.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.