\triangleright Exploration and exploitation: volume increases and plate performance doubles.
In the Gulf and Subei basins, shale oil and deep natural gas in the Sichuan basin have made major breakthroughs; in terms of development, the company has actively promoted the development of key natural gas production capacities such as the Shobei and Sichuan basins. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved 363 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent, an increase of 2.3 per cent, of which 211 million barrels of crude oil.
Gas production increased by 1.0 per cent over the same period, by 4.1 per cent over the same period, with oil and gas prices running at a high level, with geopolitical catalysts, with companies achieving the original oil price of $94.24 per barrel in the first three quarters of 2022; and gas prices of $7.54 per kilometer, which increased by 54.6 per cent and 54.6 per cent, respectively, over the same period.
Refineries and chemicals: significant cost increases lead to a fall in profits before tax. Companies continue to push forward the “oil transformation” \triangleright product structure, but the total amount of chemical products is still slightly lower than in the year due to weaker demand, of which ethylene and ethylene are among them.
Synthetic rubber production increased by 2.6 per cent and 5.2 per cent, respectively, and synthetic resins, combs, polymers, synthetic fibres, 1379, 671, 830,000 tons, respectively, decreased by 1.5 per cent, 1.7 per cent and 19.1 per cent, respectively, mainly from efficiency-oriented companies that maintained high-volume production of profitable devices.
However, in the face of high costs in the industrial chain and low levels of Maori, China's petrochemicals (600028.sh) reported in 2021 that pre-tax profits on refined oils and chemical plates had fallen and pre-tax profits on refined plates had been 20,645 million yuan.
High performance growth, with high dividends, highlights the value of corporate investment - 20 Marketing and distribution: the price of finished products has risen in tandem with the accelerated growth of non-oil operations. The company captured the third quarter of elimination 3. China ' s petrochemical (600028.sh) performance forecast for 2021
\triangleright \triangleright costs are gradually warming, with full efficiency gains. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company was fully engaged in strengthening branding, improving the quality and efficiency of non-oil operations, and actively moving towards “hydrogen uniforms”
5. China ' s petrochemicals (600028), annual report for 2020:
\triangleright \triangleright risks impacting demand for chemical products.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.