South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: 2021h1, the company achieved operating income of $21.390 billion, an increase of 37.4 per cent over the same period; achieved a net profit of $2.31 billion for the mother, an increase of about 20.7 per cent over the same period; performance grew robustly and new material operations continued to function.
The size-protected glass business generated $15.33 billion, an increase of 37.3 per cent; the large-size protected glass industry generated $3.01 billion, an increase of 29.3 per cent, and the new materials and metals business generated $2.75 billion.
The company has a leading technology and position in the areas of glass, precision metals, sapphire, precision ceramics, touch control, appliance, modulars, and so on. At the same time, it has increased material creation, which will lead to the first applications of supercelastic glass, 3d glass, and will continue to lead to changes in material appearance.
During the reporting period, the Department continued to step up its research and development efforts and to lead technological innovation. During the reporting period, companies applied 167 new patents, 60 of which were patented, 100 were patented for new applications, 7 were patented for designs, 1454 were applied for software, 132 were patented for designs for new applications, and 42 were licensed for software.
• Increasing the layout of new energy automobiles and continuing high growth in revenue from automobiles. The company continues to improve the layout of new energy vehicles by introducing a variety of products, such as electronic glass and components, vehicle controls, instrument components, large-sized new car glass, to form a diversified product structure.
In the area of automobiles, long-term deep collaboration has been established with a range of car companies, such as BMW, Mercedes, Tesla, the general public, Ideals, and the U.S.A., with a firm position at the top of the core.
And, in view of the gradual weakening of e-cyclical fluctuations in corporate consumption, revenue and profits are expected to rise steadily.
The platform's competitive advantage is highlighted (2020-10-27). Assumption 1: small and medium-sized protective glass: increased sales of new machines and smart terminals during the business benefit 5g+aiot innovation cycle.
Scenario 2: large-scale protective glass: mainly used for platform computers and electronic display equipment, upgrade of high-end smart cars, expected acceleration of demand for motor end client Tesla, expected large-size protective glass binding 2021-2023
The company’s business growth is driven by the ability to wear equipment (intelligent watch) applications to inform demand growth, while the company’s acquisition does not and will not directly or indirectly receive any form of compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.