BluesTech (300433) IT technology hardware and equipment Fevering industry low-end, steady ups and downs
Events: In the first half of 2021, the company achieved business income of $21,391 million, and in the first half of the year when the industry was extremely difficult to increase, it turned over its usual growth responses. In the first half of this year, the consumer electronic side, especially in the direction of Andre's smartphone, was probably the worst sight in the last six or seven years.
Not to mention the size of the "entity list" that limits access to the core, brand customers such as mov, and a number of odm companies affected by chip, material shortages or price hikes have been hit, and severe outbreaks in emerging markets such as South-East Asia, Africa and South America have caused mobile phone demand in these places.
In the second quarter, there was a decline in the global production of smartphones and in the volume of shipments, particularly in Andre, and against this background, Lance still handed over more than 20% of the growth responses. Cash generated by the operations in the first half of the year was not easy.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Total market value/flow (millions)
It is now gradually improving, and Andre's brand-style output will gradually return to normal levels, and the new Apple will be better off than in previous years, and the company's year-round growth is likely to be further stifled by new products, new customers, and firmer expectations.
The year 2021 was the beginning of the second five-year plan following the company’s listing, and we have highlighted in several previous reports that we have been able to make a difference between the year of rapid scale-up and the year of high-speed growth.
This year is a crucial year for the landing of the new Lance business: (a) The Thai metal business begins to contribute to the growth of the main business, the strategy for the next three years.
Business performance, while increasing the efficiency of production and optimizing cost advantages, is actively developing new materials, new technologies, such as stainless steel, titanium alloys, etc.; (2) new energy automobiles business
Income growth continues to be high, and currently bulkable products include electronic glass and components in vehicles, the rapid expansion of new operations to lay the foundation for managing water-borne controls (structural and functional parts and assemblies), dashboard components, b-column components, etc.
- 2021/02/22 Vehicle-mounted decorations, large-sized new car glass (e.g., side window glass), mirrors, rear-view mirrors, etc., have the capacity to provide one-stop solutions and service programmes for new energy vehicle customers; (3)
Billions of smart terminal products, including smart phones, smart wears, flatboard computers, new energy cars, smart home appliances, smart medical devices, etc.. Watch companies continue to lead in the field of structural products, and also in new and emerging business such as ar/vr.
In the past 2021, the first half of the industry has been struggling and resilient, and the growth of gains in the second half of the year has become clear. The short-term fluctuations in data indicators do not affect the year’s positive growth.
The last three quarters have been a very important period of rotation since the launch of Lancet, the terminal client assembly business, the boost of car components and large-sized windowglasses, the whole new product of traditional and important clients, and the import and landing of new customers.
In contrast to the other second-line companies in the chain of consumer e-supply in the first half of a year, the profits, cash, liquidity, assets are all in common.
The indicators are at the forefront of the industry, with a steady rise, and are the most important key words in this phase. The divisional platform operations have assembled the last puzzle, building on the accumulation of a wealth of technology and experience in the production of products such as glass, metals, ceramics, blue boulders, etc.
Growing up in the fields of modules, slicing, acoustics, pcba, etc., the company has completed a successful expansion of the assembly business. Looking ahead, on the basis of the current platform, blues cover the growing market share of the components is expected to increase further, while new energy vehicles, can
More new areas, such as wearing, smart homes, where companies will have reduced full capacity in the form of modular or stubble classes, and where new machines are sold to large clients less than expected; (2) in the second half of the André system, where recovery has not grown as expected: (3) adverse price reductions by competitors have led to a decline in industry profitability (4).
Customer roll-out of new products is not as fast as expected.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.