The company published its 2017 annual report: 80.12 billion yuan a year, an increase of 1.87 per cent, and a non-net recovery.
The decline in sales volume and profit-bearing performance was mainly affected by the pressure on joint ventures in product end-of-life, sales and profitability. Chang An Ford, as the leading joint venture, sold 12.3 per cent to 828,000 vehicles in 2017 on the same basis, with a net one-car gain.
On the other hand, there is autonomy, with the overall low end of the vehicle model, which is weak in a market environment characterized by rising consumption and intense competition. According to the National Auto-Industries Information Network, there was a decline of 7.5 per cent to 1,128 million vehicles sold in 2017.
Compared to the trend of 300 depths, there was a decline in the ability of the unit to grow old and unprofitable; the greater decline in the Māori rate was mainly due to the product reaching the end of its life cycle and the declining profitability of the product.
President Ann Ford started a new cycle and started a third entrepreneurship cycle with a new cycle in 2018, with an old product being re-financed and a new five-digit medium-sized suv (three for Lincoln and one for explorers); with the start of the new cycle, the price of the bicycles was set.
With the new Chairman of the Board, the third start of the transition has been made, following a four-way trend in automobiles, with an emphasis on new energy sources and smart layouts.
Research Assistant: Jan Dongdong, with joint ventures and autonomy to start a new cycle in 2018, Chang Anford will end the post-2015 state of no new product, old products will be re-financed, 5 new medium-sized suv will be on the market, single-car prices and profitability
Power is expected to start upwards; Autonomous brands, in the context of the third entrepreneurship, accelerate product renewal, dynamic layout electricization, intelligence and, for the first time, profit targets. We believe that performance in 2017 is expected to hit the bottom, figure 1: Long Anford sales and speed increases (in units of vehicles, %)
Xu Lingeun, assistant in automobile industry research. Master of Accounting, cpa, two years of experience, dedicated to automobiles, smart cars, and new energy vehicles. 2015 Zhang Dongdong, Master of Business Management, University of Xian Transport, cumulative nine years of experience in automobile industry research. 3 years of consulting consultancy experience, focusing on user orientation, brand positioning, business strategic consulting: six years of work experience in large-scale commercial vehicles, familiar with corporate warfare through the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing Company Markets and Commodity Management.
In 2016, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial, and not to be influenced or influenced by any third party.