During the 'i' era, there was a steady deepening of the country's intellectual and ecologic system, and a deep report on the company's ability to build an all-industrial chain of national production and increase its profitability.
In 1996, the company grew up to be a high-performance compute company in the country. To date, China has completed a full-scale calculation of the “one end of the core-cloud-calculation”
The industry chain layout, together with the participation of the controlling companies, covers the entire spectrum from upstream chips, server hardware, ss03402410001 i/0 storage, liquid cold data centre products, to midstream computer platforms, big data platforms, etc.
Arithmetic service platforms, and products and operations such as downstream cloud service providers. In recent years, the Department has built differentiated competition by overhauling supply chains, gradually reducing highly competitive and less Maori projects, concentrating more resources on research and development and extension of high-value-added products and services.
In 2024, Māori sales were 29.16%, and in 2024, together with Robbin's arithmetic, the company continued to deepen its ability to produce the whole estate.
(a) In the case of the ai chip, the company consortium's sealight information leads the development of high-end processors in the country, and the sealight dcu uses the gpgpu route, with a strong parallel computing capacity and a high energy efficiency ratio.
Compatible with the "cuda" environment, better suited to international mainstream business computing software and artificial intelligence Chen Wei Xingen software. 2) In terms of high-end computer products, the company launched the nation in 2025 under the flag of the company.
A super-integrated machine with a large model of Deepseek, enabling government, business digital transformation; dawning st 03400520060001 storage for a new upgrade to ai training and reasoning storage programme to accelerate the ai skill rotation. 3) In clouds
At the end of 2024, the dawn cloud evolved into the era of the All-Intelligent Clouds, with depth enabling thousands of lines of digitized transformations escalating. 4) In the case of the one-accelerated package, in 2025 the company released the Deepai Advanced Smart Engine, which contributed to the rapid development and landing of the powerai application. 5) In the case of the computational services.
The company has been working on the creation of the 5a-level IQC and has been active in the construction of the National Platform for Integrated Computer Services to accelerate the rapid landing of the artificial intelligence, soft and hard synergy and application scenes.
A liquid-cold evaporation window, with affiliates leading the home-grown immersion fluid cold. A high rate of growth in arithmetic demand across the globe, driving chip power and the continued density of the data centre's single-cell power, has risen, and conventional cooling has become difficult to meet the demand for evaporation, with higher evaporation efficiency.
At the same time, in a "doubt carbon" macro-level situation, government departments are increasingly monitoring the data, and liquid cold is expected to accelerate penetration in the center as an effective way to lower the pue target.
In 2024, it became the third generation of c8000 leachate cold.
The power density of the solution stand at 750kw. In addition, in 2024, two data centre projects in Malaysia created the basis for the internationalization of the Department of Public Information, and the overseas market is expected to grow further in the future.
Investment proposals: maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies. Companies that lead the country’s national infrastructure, in the midst of a wave, are active in building an all-industry ecosystem that is home-grown, and are expected to benefit fully from the arithmetical, off-track and expected risks: technological advances are not as high as the expected risks.
The construction of an all-industrial chain ecology with a continuous increase in profitability from 1.1 to a high-performance-counting-leading enterprise in the country.
Plan, 1993, China’s Engineering Institute, Mr. Li Guojishi (the company’s former chairman), led a team that successfully developed China’s first fully autonomous smp-structure computer, Dawn One. On the basis of research results from Dawn I, Dawn was officially registered in 1996 and launched a 1,000-high-performance computer system that opened the path to industrialization of the company.
During the period 1998-2010, the company launched a series of high-performance computers from dawn 2000 to dawn 5000. In 2014, the department landed on the market and, in the same year, took part in investing in the establishment of the Sealight Information and in the development of a national production high-end processor. In 2022, the company released the first industry liquid cold storage product, combining liquid cold technologies with storage techniques.
The third generation of c8000 leachate cold solution single cabinets, which was launched by the Chinese Dawn Company, has reached a high density of 750kw, with commercialization projects expected to be deployed within 2025. To date, China has completed the “core one end-wine-calculation” computing of the entire industry chain, with the full coverage of the upper chip, the server, and the control company.
Products and operations such as i/o storage, liquid cold data centre products, midstream computer platforms, big data platforms, arithmetic service platforms, and downstream cloud service providers.
High-end computers: high-end computers are mainly central network equipment that perform core computing, network services, central storage, etc. in the network, with high performance, large storage, high reliability, expansion, management, high security, etc.
High-end computer products include general servers and high-performance computers, among which general servers can be further divided by form into machine racks, high-density servers, blade servers, etc. The company can present high-end computer products for a variety of applications, balancing performance, energy efficiency, and applications.
In addition, with the growing demand for liquid radiating heat from servers and data centres, the company’s high-end service products cover products such as impregnated liquid cooling and cooling liquid cooling, with energy-efficient, safe and stable products.
High-integration features. At present, high-end computer products introduced by companies have been widely applied to operators, finance, energy, the Internet, education, etc., to cover infrastructure, e-government, business informatization and urban mail storage: Central Dawn storage products include parastor distributed storage series, flashnexus centralized all-blue
Storage series, ds disk array storage system, back-up one machine, etc.. The company-owned distributed unified storage system, which covers core technology such as big data management, high-speed networks, storage protocol optimization, has hundreds of experience with super-scale deployment practices at the pb level; distributed total storage can be artificial intelligence, scientific computing, etc.
In the last two years, the company's storage lines have broken in the areas of large-scale ai model storage, liquid cold storage research, and development. In November 2022, the company launched the first industry liquid cold storage product, the dawn parastor liquid cold storage system, which is the first to apply liquid cold maturity to the storage area, the storage systempue
The value was reduced to below 1.2. In 2024, the company launched a centralized flash stock of flashnexus, reaching the 100-degree iops, with a maximum support of 256 controllers for expansion: application needs towards the ai, full upgrade of the panastor distributed flash storage, with a single node bandwidth of 130 gb/s, 302,000 iops, which is the ideal choice for platforms such as nationalization, x86, arm, etc.
X. In February 2025, the International Storage Performance Board (spc) published the latest results of the spc-1v3 baseline test, the flashback centralization of dawn memory tops the global list, highlighting China ' s leadership in high-end domain storage.
Software development, system integration and technical services: Products and services around high-end computers, including cloud computing platform software, machine house cooling facilities, network security products, big data platform software, cloud computing services, computing services, etc. Companies provide customers with in-depth fit-out and efficient and stable IT infrastructure for different industry characteristics.
As of March 28, 2025, the company owned 16.36% of the company's shares in China.
100% of the shares are actually in control of China’s high-performance computers, i.e., the Chinese Academy of Statistics, the country’s first academic institution specializing in integrated research in computer science and technology, is the cradle of the country’s computer industry. Back to the Chinese Academy of Computers, the Chinese Academy of Science and Light can take over the transformation of its achievements in cutting-edge technological fields such as high-performance computers, ai chips, and more policy, talent, etc.
As far as individual shareholders are concerned, the military holds 2.88% of the company’s shareholdings and is the company’s first individual shareholder. Since March 2006, the military has served as director and president of China’s Central Division, and the company’s executives have been very stable, contributing to the company’s development. Figure 3: China’s top 10 shareholders (as of March 28, 2025)
With the advantage of leading technology and products, the company actively invests in a number of high-quality assets, such as sealight information, Chinastar maps, dawn figures, and China Skype. The company’s business layout and high-end computers, storage, etc., are captured.
Main business creates a strong synergy and is expected to contribute a sustained impetus to the growth of the company’s performance. 1.2 Companies’ profits have become more resilient, their profitability has increased significantly, and in 2024, they were under pressure, and their profits have become apparent. In 2019, the company was exposed to the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security (bis).
Inclusion in the list of U.S. Export Control (EAR) entities has had an impact on the company’s supply chain, leading to a slowdown in the company’s business income in 2019-2024. Against this background, the company maintained a smooth production operation and sustained its business income growth in 2019-2023 by overhauling the supply chain, finding alternative components, adjusting the market and operating layout.
By optimizing internal resource allocation, paying more attention to operations with high technological value-added, low supply chain dependency, and strengthening autonomous nuclear technology closures and breakthroughs, and constantly improving product quality, it is possible to achieve a return-to-growth path. Companies’ profitability has increased significantly, and their cost rates have stabilized.
Planning product targeting, adjusting marketing strategies, gradually reducing highly competitive and low Maori projects, taking full advantage of the technical and cost advantages of high-end computing technology, integrated solutions, and concentrating more resources on the R & D and extension of high-value-added products and services, creating differentiated competition barriers.
Nearly 80 per cent of the company ' s total revenues; about 20 per cent of the storage operations and the services of systems integration and technology around high-end computers. Since 2022, companies have adjusted their operations by dividing them mainly into IT equipment operations and software development, systems integration, and technical services operations. 2022-2024, the services of the equipment operations of the int operations accounted for about 2022-2024.
In the age of numeracy, deepening the capacity of the nation to produce the whole house of intelligence 2.1 Industry and policy are driven by a two-wheel drive, rapid growth of the industry of intelligence deepseek-r1 has emerged, and the global arms race among the dai has intensified.
The company’s release of the deepseek-r1 model has led to significant innovation in the global area of artificial intelligence. The deepseek-r1 model has used intensive learning techniques on a large scale in the post-training phase, and, in the case of very few data labels, has significantly enhanced its ability to reason, with performances far ahead of overseas models such as the official version of hoeopenaio1.
Deepseek-r1 has significantly reduced the use threshold of the ai model through open-source strategies and low-cost model training, and is expected to accelerate the penetration of the ai application into more areas of disaggregation and increase the demand for long-term beneficial arithmetic.
qwen2.5-max, a model that, once released, was a leader in several mainstream model benchmarking tests, such as Mmlu-pro, was another important breakthrough on the high-performance, low-cost technology route of the Chinese 'ai camp. On overseas, in March 2025, Google released the new generation ' s big model, geminii2.5 and its pro version.
About an hour later, the most advanced image generator so far, gpt-4o image generation technology, was released urgently, and the global arms race is on the rise.
In recent years, the four largest csps in North America, including Microsoft, Meta, Google, Amazon, and domestic leaders such as Alibaba, Huateng, Tseng, and others, have all expressed a high priority for the development of the ai. According to the four big csps in North America, the four giants spent the same capital in 2024.
On the domestic front, Ali Baba announced that it would invest more than RMB 380 billion over the next three years to build cloud and ai hardware infrastructure, more than the sum of the last 10 years, and that it would soon sign a strategic cooperation agreement with China’s mobile capital.
China announced at China’s Partners’ Congress that it would fully advance a comprehensive strategy of intelligence, including the creation of a base of computing power, the booming of the ai ecology, and the use of the ai’s energy as a product. The news began a few months ago to reconfigure the ai team to focus on rapid product innovation and deep model development and report in recent days.
The technological giants continue to invest in the field of numeracy, and the future will continue to grow at a higher rate, with the need for numeracy expected, i.e., changes that drive the rapid expansion of global computing, and the country’s numeracy expected to grow at a higher rate. According to the Blue Book of Advanced Computation and Arithmetic Development Guidelines (2024), published by the Institute of Information and Communications Technology, global computing equipment in 2023.
The total size of the calculation reached 1397ef1ops, a significant increase of 54% over the same period. Of this, the size of the smartness of the calculation was 875 flops, accounting for 62.6% of the global total, accompanied by the application and promotion of large-scale models of the generation ai, vertical industry models and end-end models, the global computing scale is expected to grow at a rate of more than 50% over the next five years, to be full by 2030.
At the domestic level, in 2023, our intelligence and numeracy grew rapidly and steadily. According to ICAC data, in 2023, our computing power reached a total of 435 eflups, accounting for 31 per cent of the global total, an increase of 44 per cent.
A stable high-speed growth rate of 62% in 2023, compared to the same high-speed growth rate, accounts for two-thirds of the country’s total. According to idc, China’s smart-counting size is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, and by 2026 our smart-calculation size will reach the level of 100 billion floats per second, reaching 1271.4.
The one server is expected to benefit fully from the increase in the demand for the arithmetic, and the Chinese one server market is growing worldwide in size. The one server is a high-performance computing device designed specifically for artificial intelligence applications, carrying computing, storage, etc.
On a scale basis, idc estimated that the global market for the ai server was $24.8 billion in 2023, an increase of 27 per cent over the same period, China ' s ai server market was $9.1 billion in 2023, an increase of 82.5 per cent over the same year, well above the growth rate in the global market, with the domestic market projected to be $13.4 billion in 2027 and a composite growth rate of 21.8 per cent in 2023-2027.
Figure 14: Global forecast of the size of the i server market 2022-2026 (US$ 15:202-2027). China ' s i server market forecast 15:2022-2027 (US$ 1 billion policy contribution to the development of the arithmetic industry. The government ' s report on the work of 2025 proposes to move forward with the initiative "Athletic Intelligence Plus". Over the last two years, the country ' s arithmetic development plans, from the national level to the local level, have been developed successively, supporting the development of arithmetic infrastructure and promoting connectivity.
In February 2023, the Central Committee and the State Council issued the Plan for the Construction of a Digital China as a whole, which states that the system should optimize the layout of the computing infrastructure and promote efficient complementarity and synergy between the East and the West. In October 2023, the Ministry of Industry and Informationization, among other departments, issued the Plan for the High Quality of the Arithmetic Infrastructure.
With the strengthening of national policies, the provinces and cities of Beijing, Guizhou, Guangdong, Henan, Shanghai, etc. have also issued relevant policy plans and coordinated the development of productive industries.
In March 2024, nine departments, including the Guangdong Province Communications Authority, announced the publication of the Guangdong Province Plan of Action for the High-Quality Development of Arithmetic Infrastructure and the “Silent Calculus” (2024-2025), which, by 2025, would have reached 38 eflups, with a 50 per cent smartness ratio, and would have achieved a reasonable and gradual increase in the ratio of smart arithmetic capacity, taking into account the large ai model and industrial development needs.
In recent years, during the National Conference in 2025, the report on the work of the government proposed a sustained push for “human intelligence plus” with an emphasis on “moderate ahead-of-the-road construction of digital infrastructure, accelerating the formation of an integrated national numeracy system, and fostering the ecology of arithmetic industries”, further clarifying the importance of artificial intelligence as an engine in the development of new quality productivity in the country.
The National Centre for Ideas is accelerating its construction. The rapid development of the Idea model is driving the growing demand for Ideas, government policy is helping to build an infrastructure for intelligence, and in conjunction with the East and West Count project, smart computing centres across the country are accelerating planning and planning.
According to the China Institute of Telecommunications, more than 40 cities are in the process of deploying centres of intelligence as of June 2024, more than 250 centres of intelligence have been built and are being built throughout the country, and more than a dozen centres of intelligence have been set up in a cluster of microchips.
2.2 The company's intellectual and econometric development and applications are increasing, and in the midst of the i-waves, China is leading the country's i-infrastructure, leading the country's i-in-country i-in-the-end-the-cloud arithmetic, the whole industry chain layout of products and services, including i-chips, high-end computers, storage products, cloud services, whole-team solutions.
In the area of chips, US sanctions have been escalating since 2018 in the field of science and technology, and high-end chip export controls have become more stringent. Technology autonomy in the country is imperative.
Since its creation in 2014, Sealight has successfully developed a number of high-end processor products that meet the country ' s information development needs. The company ' s products continue to grow in performance, become more functional, and it is primarily responsible.
The product covers high-end generic processors (cpu) and co-processors (dcu). High-end cpu leaders, hardware and software eco-improvement.
High reliability and high safety advantages. The sea light cpu product can be broken down into the 7000 series of sea light, the 5,000 series of sea light, and the 3,000 series of sea light for technical indicators such as computing performance, functionality, power consumption, etc. for high-end processors in different applications.
The costs of migration, waves, ideas, Xinhua, and co-authors of a number of well-known servers in the country are already carrying sea light cpu, which is widely used in such important areas as telecommunications, the Internet, finance, education, and transport. As domestic information and communication technology becomes more self-controllable, the demand for company cpu products is expected to continue to rise.
Compatible with the "cuda" environment, there is a wide range of commercial applications in the ai field. Sealight dcu uses the gpgpu route, has a built-in large volume core, has a strong parallel computing capability and a high energy efficiency ratio, is compatible with the "cuda" environment, and is better suited to international mainstream commercial computing software and artificial intelligence software. Sealight dcu products are well calculated series.
Number 1, Deep Count 2 has been released and commercialized. Deep Count 2 has achieved commercial applications in the fields of big data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, full-precision float-point data and a variety of common integer data computing capabilities, performance levels have doubled for deep Count 1, which is now well advanced in research and development, and is expected to become a nation in the future.
Sealight dcu has made significant progress in commercial applications, achieving the full application of large models represented by llama, gpt, bloom, chatglm, Zong, and YTW, as well as the full compatibility with large models in the country, including literature and so forth, to the level of national leadership. In the context of the rapid development of aigc, sealight dcu products should be commercialized.
In terms of high-end computing of machine products, company-related products, such as rack servers, high-density servers, blade servers, ultra-integrated body machines, are available for a variety of applications. In 2024, companies accelerated the adaptation of their home-grown processors, storage modules, etc.
In February 2025, the company’s flagship model, Deepseek, was launched as a super-integrated machine.
The One Machine, using a national production technology route, uses a large model of national production x 86cpu and a national production gpgpu acceleration card plus national production to support full-precision, semi-precision mix of training and reasoning, and not only fully adapts to the DeepSeek series models such as Deepseekv3, Deepseekr1 and Deepseekjanuspro, but also supports a full series of quantitative distillation versions.
In terms of storage products, in March of this year, the storage of light was upgraded to a new version of a storage programme, which created a plastorf 9000, dedicated to training.
Upgraded palastor can be delivered through a full cabinet, with a package delivery package of thousands of k/k/k/n/k/n, with ease, and a 50% reduction in deployment time by a large model that accommodates a trillion-degree parameter such as Deepseek-r. In performance, paraastor f9000 has a stronger processing capacity of 5 million iops and a high-speed bandwidth of 190gb/s, with the help of a level 5 acceleration technique and a high-speed bandwidth.
Second-scale elastic extension functions that can significantly reduce the training cycle of the gpt-4-level model from the original three months to one week and accelerate the ai skill mix. The flashnexus centralized alluvial storage, launched in 2024, is primarily oriented towards large models in real time.
In the field of cloud services, the company has for many years focused on the construction and operation of private-sector clouds, actively developing the platform for self-research and self-research.
Custom development capabilities have won the confidence of 50+ cities, 2000+ government clients across the country. In December 2024, dawn clouds evolved from the first city clouds to the full cloud, creating a single system of capacity for cloud computing, cloud numbers, Yunan, Yun Ji, to help users build an arithmetic, multi-intelligent, extremely secure, one-size-fits-all cloud computing.
In 2025, the company released the Deepai Advanced Smart Engine, which features "high performance, high utility, high coupling" and provided end-to-end for industries.
The full-scale ai acceleration solution, which supports the rapid development and landing of the powerai application. The deepai brain engine also embedded the dap smart platform, which provides the full range of support around the development, training, fine-tuning, reasoning, deployment, etc. of large models. Based on the national ai isomer acceleration chip, the deepai brain engine has built a large model application platform and cloud life.
The "5a-level smartness centre" was created, and the "national platform for integrated numeracy services" was actively built. Faced with the high-level construction requirements of the centres for intelligence development, dawn worked on the "5a-level smartness centre" to provide coverage numeracy.
At present, Dawn has planned to land in seven provinces, including Guangdong, Zhejiang, Jiangsu. On the basis of the construction and operation of a number of advanced computing centres, it is also actively building the National Platform for Integrated Calculatory Services, which links a wide range of computing bases.
Facilities to provide end-to-end full-store computing, delivery and application support services to users such as the ai, science computing, to solve arithmetic output, transformation, matching and application problems and to accelerate the rapid landing of artificial intelligence, soft and hard synergy and application scenes.
3.1 The liquid cold data centre is expected to penetrate rapidly, impregnable liquid cooling or for future trends The rapid increase in chip computing poses a evaporation challenge and urgently requires more efficient evaporation support.
The power has reached 350-400w, and the gpu is significantly higher than the cpu. For example, the v100 chip tdp is 300w, the h100 chip tdp is 700w, and the new generation b200 chip tdp is 1000w, breaking the cold wind threshold 800w radiator power.
The release of products such as b300gpu, based on the blackwellultra structure, is expected to increase further by a performance of b300 compared to the previous generation of b200. With the rapid turnover of chips, its power is constantly increasing, posing greater challenges to infrastructure such as the provision of electricity and heat evaporation for servers, and much more efficient evaporation programmes are needed.
The data centre's single-cell power density has increased, gradually breaking the wind-cold evaporation limit. The chip power increase has led to the growth of single-cell power and density. According to data from the China Data Centre Working Group (cdcc), 8kw and above in the country's industry-wide data centres have increased their power density from 11% in 2021 to 25% in 2022, with high-capacity cabinets accounting for more than 25%.
With the acceleration and wide-scale application of the big one model, the need for training and reasoning algorithms is increasing, the power density of the mainstream itt cabinet is expected to rise from the current 6-8kw/ cabinet to 12-15kw/ cabinet, while the power density of the heart is expected to exceed 30kw in super- and smart calculations. According to Sadie's consultants, by 2025, the global data centre is expected to have more than 30kw power density.
The average power of single cabinets will reach 25kw. The power density of single cabinets is usually considered to be the ceiling for wind cooling heat evaporation, and more than 20kw will require liquid cooling to ensure the stability of the data centre operations. As the power density of single cabinets increases, the conventional data centres will no longer be able to meet the high power density engine evaporation requirements.
The radiation will shift from wind cool to wind-spill mix or fully liquid cooling. Figure 22: Liquid cooling is applied to high-power-density machine cabinet radiating demand Reduction of cooling system energy consumption is an important way to reduce the data centre pue. Pue (electric use efficiency) is a measure of the data
Key indicators of energy efficiency of the Centre are defined as the ratio of total energy consumption of the data centre to the energy consumption of the equipment. The energy consumption component of the centre includes, in addition to the electricity used for the equipment, refrigeration systems, power distribution systems, lighting systems and other facilities (including security equipment, fire suppression, water protection, etc.). The higher the pue value, which means the amount used for equipment other than the equipment.
The more electricity is consumed from outside, the more expensive it is and the more expensive it is to run the data centre. On the contrary, when the pue is lower, the more efficient it is using energy. Generally, the cooling system of the data centre consumes less than the power of the int equipment, so reducing the power consumption of the refrigeration system is an important way to reduce the pue value of the data centre in 2023.
Our data centre averaged 1.48 per cent, down from 1.54 in 2022, but, overall, there is still much room for progress in our data center pue. The use of liquid cold technology can effectively reduce the data centre pue.
The evasive efficiency of the data centre has improved with the introduction of liquid cooling techniques, which indicates that when the data centre needs to maintain the same radiating effect, the energy requirements for the refrigeration system are reduced. For example, the luminous cooling technology can be used to replace large units of high-energy refrigeration equipment (e.g. air conditioning systems, fans, etc.) or to reduce the speed of fan rotation and lower the refrigeration burden of air conditioning.
Data from industry indicate that the average value of the data centre is 1.5 per cent for traditional wind cooling techniques only and 1.25 per cent for traditional wind cooling technologies, while the data centre is reduced to less than 1.25 per cent for liquid cooling technologies.
National and local governments are likely to promote rapid penetration of liquid cold technologies by tightening the data centre pue. In the context of the “double carbon” goal and the implementation of the “East-West” project, national and local requirements for data centre pue are becoming more stringent, and efforts are being made to promote green development of the data centre. At the national level, on the basis of relevant sectoral documents such as the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Labour and Communications.
By 2025, the average power efficiency of new large and mega data centres nationwide would be below 1.3, national hub nodes and cold areas would be further below 1,25, and green low-carbon levels would be above 4a. In March 2023, the Ministry of Finance and others jointly released the Green Data Centre Standards for Government Procurement Requirements (pilot) with clear indications of encouraging data.
Under national policy guidance, local governments have also developed programmes or ideas to bring national policy standards closer together, with some provinces, such as Ningxia, demanding a more stringent level of data centre pue, and a no greater than 1.2 for new large, super-large data centres. In addition, Shanghai and other regions include a ratio of liquid cooler cabinets.
With national and local governments demanding upgrades to the data centre pue, the advantage of liquid cold technology in heat radiating performance is even more pronounced, and it is expected that it will accelerate penetration in the data centre. Industry and policy resonance, and the potential for a liquid cold data centre.
At the same time, in a “doubt-carbon” macro-level, government departments are tightening their supervision of the data centre pue, and liquid cooling is expected to accelerate penetration in the data centre as an effective way to reduce the pue target.
Data from the deep-seated study of the market depth of the National Liquefied Cold Data Centre show that in recent years the market for China ' s Liquefied Cold Data Centre has been growing rapidly at a rate of RMB billion, or 47.2 per cent over the same period. Based on the development of market demand and the process of industrial eco-building, China ' s Liquefied Cold Data Centre market is expected to grow at a sustained rate of 59 per cent compound growth during the period 2023-2027. By 2027, China ' s liquids will continue to thrive.
Cold ecosystems are expected to mature, and the overall market size of the IDC is expected to reach $102 billion, according to the market size of the central infrastructure, the market size of the data centre infrastructure.
All three types of liquid cooling can achieve a pue below 1.25 to meet the policy requirements. Liquid cooling can be broken down into the three types of liquid cooling, cooling liquid cooling and leachate cooling, the main difference being that the evaporation of the server is different. In particular, sprayed liquid cooling is a direct contact type of liquid cooling, which can be sprayed in the cooling zone by radiating the heat to the need for radiating components.
Heat walk; cooler liquid cooling is an indirect contact liquid cooling, which will require radiating elements to be fixed on the cooler, and liquids to remove the heat from the cooler to radiate the heat; immersed liquid cooling is a direct contact liquid cooling, which means completely immersed in the cooling fluid, absorbing the heat of the component. In this case, immersed liquid cooling can be further divided into single immersion.
The main difference is whether the cooling fluid is converted from liquid to gaseous after heating. Using these three types of fluids, the data centres under the cold technology have good energy efficiency levels that can achieve a Pue below 1.25 to meet the policy requirements.
Cold mode, where sprayed liquid cooling technology has the advantage of evaporation efficiency, support for high power density deployment, and silence. Because of its current relatively low maturity and the possibility of liquid overflows and volatilization during cooling fluid spraying, it can easily affect the cleaning of the air room environment, with relatively few practical applications being used only in a small number of data centres.
According to the Chinese Institute of Commerce and Industry, the current cooling market is as high as 65%, while the leachate and spray cold market are 34% and 1%, respectively.
LFR programmes have mainly high technical advantages in terms of radiative efficiency, compatibility and reliability, which effectively reduce the data centre ' s pue value to less than 1.25, well below the traditional wind cooling approach of 1.5. However, cold-board LFR technologies are less efficient than those in direct contact.
The cooling liquids and coolings have the advantage of radiating more efficiently, supporting high-density deployments, silence, and so on. There are many advantages to immersing liquids and cooling compared to traditional wind and cooling methods. In refrigeration energy efficiency, immersing fluids and colds are heaters.
The application of single-phase immersion liquid cooling technology reduces the data centre by less than pue to 1.2, while the variant is less than 1.1 per cent, as a result of variations in the spread of heat, with higher heat transfer efficiency.
The application of impregnated liquid cooling technology can significantly increase the server density of the data centre unit space and the efficiency of the computing of the heart in the data. The conventional data centres use chillable single-cell power density of 10kw-15kw, while immersion cold can increase the power density of single-cells to over 100kw or even 200kw, meeting the high-density computing field.
At the same time, there is no need to separate the airlocks from the air, air conditioners from the air-conditioners, floors from the air-conditioners, cold-hot access closures, and air-space layouts can be more compact and flexible, with a clear advantage in the geographic environment or in data centres with severe space conditions. With respect to noise, impregnated liquid cooling technology does not need to be used.
A fan is configured to achieve a very “silent” machine room. However, immersion cold also has certain limitations. For example, it is distinguished from the traditional rack structure, where immersed cavity is used as a sleep tank, which is structurally subversive, and where the cost of retrofitting and initial investment is higher. In addition, immersion cold commonly uses such chemicals as fluorinated fluids.
The risk of high prices and potential toxicity (carcinogens/hormogen disorders, etc.) requires some cooling fluids to be continuously dryed, adding to the complexity of the transport dimensions. In the short term, cooling fluids dominate the main liquid cooling market, with high compatibility and low adaptation costs, while immersing in it.
But, in the long run, with future cooling fluid prices falling and technological maturity increasing, immersion cold, which has a clear advantage in radiating heat, will gradually become the inevitable direction for future high-calculation scenarios, with a higher immersion efficiency immersed liquid cooling or finality.
3.2 The impregnated liquid cooling industry leads, from deep farming in the country to the global layout. The Mid-Kyoto Light Company is a pioneer in the domestic liquid cooling program. The Middle-Kyoto Light Lighting Company is a new generation, according to the Centre's cooling technology leading the overall solution and the full life cycle service provider, the Focused leachate Cold Data Centre.
Research, development, production, and sale of products from the product, cold board and cold data centres and modular data centres. In late 2011, the company first proposed the layout of the cold technology route, which was fully developed in 2015 and launched in that year the first domestic standardised LCD server series, c7,000 series. In 2019, the company ' s c8000 series was immersed in a immersion pattern.
By the end of the year, the company had built more than 400 mw liquid cold data centres, covering a number of industries, including scientific research, energy, government, finance, the Internet, operators, etc.
The third generation of c8000 leachate cold solution single cabinets, with a density of over 750kw, are at advanced global levels. Liquid cold data centre solution c7000 is in the form of liquid cold + wind cold mixed heat radiating, with cpu, memory, etc., the main heating components cooling using the liquid cooler suite, while the rest of the heat cools in the form of wind cooling.
Thermometer, c7000 cooling solution, provides a stable and temperature-friendly operating environment for the server, which allows the cooling solution to be used mainly in the financial, Internet, government, operator, educational, medical, etc. fields, and can also meet the need for hyperdensity calculations.
With the introduction of impregnated cold infrastructure products for the evaporation of ultra-high-density blade servers, all parts of the servers are immersed in refrigerants, using refrigerant boiling to absorb heat, and the heat-eating components are efficiently cooled. c8,000 leachate cold solution supports ultra-high deployment density, with the first generation of c8,000 leachate cold solution single cabinets with a power density of over 200 kw.
Savings of more than 80% of the office space to support applications such as scientific computing, artificial intelligence computing, in addition to the industrial data centre evaporation requirements. In 2024, the third generation of c8,000 leachate cold solution single-cell power surged by 750kw, which is expected to be commercialized in 2025.
At the global level, the most advanced data centres in Chongqing, Jiangsu, Shanxi, Hebei, Zhejiang, etc. have been completed, and they are the only ones in the country that have been deployed for large-scale commercialization of immersed liquid cooling technologies. The winning Malaysian data centre project has set the way for internationalization.
As an opportunity for two data centre projects in West Asia, with a total project construction of 61mw, the company registered a fully-owned subsidiary in Singapore in July 2024 to actively explore the overseas data centre market, starting with the South-East Asian market. To date, the company has made substantial contacts with customers in Japan, South Korea, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Middle East, etc., in the future.
The number of dawns is a positive driver of industry standardization. Liquefied cooling, an emerging solution to the heat radiation of data centres, is still less than 10% penetration of data centres, despite rapid growth in the high-calculation demand from the ai region, and is based on cool-plate liquid cooling technology.
In September 2024, under the guidance of the National Ministry of Industry and Communications and the National Commission of bid, the Chinese Institute for Standardization of Electronic Technology, which is the overall management unit, officially launched the first National Standard for Refrigeration of Liquids and the Technical Standard for Refrigeration of Data Centres.
The company is a leading company in the country’s infrastructure infrastructure, in the midst of a wave, and actively builds a country (1) with less than expected macroeconomic recovery. The equipment market is closely linked to macroeconomic trends, if the domestic economy recovers.
If a competitor with the industry seizes market shares in the form of price wars, it will not advance firm policy (3) as much as expected. If an artificial intelligence, arithmetic infrastructure development, data centre pue, etc., are involved.
Policy advances are less advanced than expected, which may affect firms’ R & D and inputs, and thus their competitiveness and market performance. (4) Technology development is less than expected. Computer technology has the characteristics of upgrading fast. If firms are not able to enrich their technological stocks or upgrade new technologies in time, they may lose their current technology and market leadership, to corporate performance and to market performance.
Note: The “market index” of this rating system,a the share reference is 300 indexes of depth; the new three-board reference point is three-strength. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle-low” risk, and a “stable” investor is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” risk level.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.