In recent days, we have exchanged information with the company's management on the company's operations and future directions.
China’s electricity supply is the world’s leader in hydropower construction, accounting for more than 65% of China’s hydropower and more than 50% of the world’s large and medium hydropower. Companies focus on energy power, water resources, and environment and infrastructure.
The main industry, which has an industry-wide chain of financing, planning design, engineering, equipment manufacturing, and operating management as one. The company has signed a new portfolio of $361 billion over 16 years, an increase of 10.1 per cent over the same period, and I have sufficient hand orders to support rapid growth in the company’s performance.
The company is one of China's first construction firms to “go out” and is experienced in international engineering.
There are 83 representative offices or branches in 36 countries along the route to track projects abroad. Companies have benefited from a “one-way” strategy, with new overseas orders of $11,777 million over 16 years, an increase of 18.1 per cent, and a peak cooperation forum and the forthcoming 13th Plan for International Energy Cooperation, the Corporate Sea.
Project landings are expected to accelerate and accelerate the release of corporate performance on overseas projects. Active expansion of the domestic capital ppp project, which is expected to add more capital to the capital structure of the company.
The winning bid, ppp, is over $200 billion, an increase of more than 178% over the same year. Companies now have a higher asset-liability ratio.
China’s electricity industry is a global leader in hydropower engineering, and the company’s sufficiency of orders will support rapid growth in performance. The “one-way” strategy continues to benefit, and the company’s performance in overseas projects is expected to accelerate.
The Chinese People’s University has a master’s degree in economics, a four-year experience in securities research, and joined the civil securities industry in August 2015, mainly in construction materials. Wu Jiapang, a master’s degree in civil engineering at the University of Honzi, entered civil securities in 2016 for construction materials.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.