Newly signed sheets are growing steadily, offshore operations are increasing rapidly, China's electricity (601669) announcements are being evaluated, new orders are growing steadily and capital ppp operations are continuing to grow.
\triangleright’s new contract value increased by 18.4 per cent from January to April 17 years, with 32.1 per cent higher than the domestic contract value, and we believe that the rapid growth in the company’s new contract is mainly due to the company’s domestic ppp business
With a steady growth in the country in the future, the company’s ppp business will continue to grow rapidly, and the order will continue to release the company’s performance, and the company’s overseas operations will accelerate.
On May 14, 17, 17, a series of summits were held in Beijing, and President Xi said at the opening ceremony that China would sign a number of twinning cooperation agreements and action plans with countries along the way and commit to increasing the Silk Road Fund.
With $100 billion, the National Bank and the Export-Import Bank will provide loans of $250 billion and $130 billion, respectively, to support construction along the way. As one of the leading companies in internationalization, we believe that companies will benefit fully from the country’s policy and financial support in the future, and overseas projects will accelerate.
The proposed replenishment of the Water Environmental Governance Company to accelerate the water environmental governance business The proposed replenishment of its fully-owned company, Water and Water Governance Technology, Ltd., to increase its registered capital from $600 million to $3 billion. With the completion of this replenishment, the funding of the Water and Water Governance Corporation will be substantial.
Greatly enhanced. The policies for water and ecological governance and environmental protection in the beneficiary countries have been advanced, with companies cumulatively signing over $20 billion in water and ecological governance orders over the past 16 years, and we believe that the company’s water and ecological governance business is on the verge of rapid growth and has not yet become a new growth point for the company’s performance.
The company’s proposed replenishment of the Water Environment Governance Sub Corporation will accelerate the development of water environmental governance operations and create new performance growth points. It is expected to be owned by its parent company in 2017-2019.
High-performance expectations, ppp working with overseas operations Summary of corporate financial statement data projections Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Qinghua University Department of Chemical Engineering, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lille, France
The Chinese People’s University has a master’s degree in economics, a four-year experience in securities research, and joined the civil securities industry in August 2015, mainly in construction materials. Wu Jiapang, a master’s degree in civil engineering at the University of Honzi, entered civil securities in 2016 for construction materials.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.