On August 13, 2024, Golden Dragonfish published its semi-annual report for 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn The drop in the price of the raise results in income pressure, cost optimization for profit, core product c view, expected profits to continue marginal optimization
Ten thousand yuan per ton (8 per cent less), Māori increase of 0.3 pct to 6.86 per cent, raw materials cost decrease to raise end-c product Māori, while prices drag down b-end profit margins, with flour operating at a loss of demand and prices.
Losses, expected to recover in the second half of the year, as wheat/skin prices slow down. Forage raw materials and fat technology continue to optimize, 2024h1 feeds are overstretched, and core products are profitable.
The same increase of 1 pct to 1.01 per cent is due mainly to the fall in soybean prices and downstream farming, the rise in the industrial climate, the release of profit margins, the loss of feed material operations and the second season, the Golden Dragonfish (300999), the marginal profit margin.
A follow-up company’s overseas plant can take advantage of the cost of purchasing raw materials, and even the Yunnport Park procurement/process is continuously advanced and continues downstream.3 Golden Dragonfish (300999): short-term performance
Products, expected to continue to grow over the 2024q3 profit loop. Companies, as kitchen food leaders, are subject to short-term income pressure from fluctuations in the cost of raw materials, but product sales continue to increase steadily and take advantage of the supply chain.
Blue Sea, watch corporate channels sink into space for growth on a scale, with market demand periods, downstream demand fluctuations, price fluctuations of raw materials, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
(cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.