The impact of the epidemic has been on the ups and downs, the scale and channels that support the long-term center of social services, tourism and viewing areas, with interest rates of about 4%, and the pressure is clear, mainly due to the recurrent March epidemic and the 4.5-day impact of the Bay Bay Bay customs store.
In 2021, the company was exempted from taxes of $47,096 million/+57.19 per cent, and the Maori rate of 23.57 per cent/-4.79pc (after expected wholesale elimination). Its estimated maternal performance of $705 million was reversed, but the negative impact of rent recovery was still expected.
In the short term, the epidemic still needs to be tracked, with the Chinese-line advantage rising. The short-term epidemic continues to affect the firm’s owner, China’s Central Revenue Center (60188.sh) – a significant recovery in February, and the company’s active operations, with the impact of the epidemic on Sanya’s stores for 10 days in April, with expected short-term earnings and profit pressures.
China China Free-601888 - Quick Report on Performance: The second half of the year, Hainan’s operations were under pressure, and the increase in revenue was still in place. But, in the second half of the year, the baseline pressure was expected to ease, and China Free City International, Sanya I. Quarterly Review of China Free China - 601888-2021: The epidemic affected summer performance.
On the median line, the company’s supply chain capacity will continue to grow as a result of global tax-exempt first and canal expansion optimized; and on the other hand, it will deepen the layout of the channel and dig under the line.
Subsistence and diversification; thirdly, in the context of internal and external competition, the subjective dynamics of the country continue to grow, from size to quality, and China is exempt from the semi-annual review of 601888-2021: Post-epidemiology performance continues to increase rapidly and to be effective in management, better able to cope with the changing market environment in the future through the upgrading of core competitiveness.
The short-term effects of the epidemic are still present, but companies are based on the top global tax-exempt position, with supply chains and channels being fully optimized, and long-term growth space still available to sustain buy-in. This is the 4.5-day impact of the March outbreak and the Bay of Seagate closure (70% + per cent drop in passenger flows at Sanya Airport in March).
Quarterly trends in the profitability hub: the company's profitability was good in the first half of 2021, the second half of the year was under repeated pressure from the epidemic, and it began to pick up significantly in January-February 2022, but was significantly delayed by the epidemic in March. In terms of operations, in 2021, the company's tax-exempt operations from China and the island continued to grow at a faster rate than before.
Low. Three-year shops achieved business income of 35.509 billion yuan/+66.58 per cent, resulting in maternal performance of 4,168 million yuan, loss of $400 million (1.14 billion in the first half and second half of 2021). The difference in performance between the first half of 2021 and the second half of 2021 showed that net interest rates were kept on both Hainan and Japan directly and net in the second half of the year.
The decline was particularly marked, mainly after the second half of the year, when the epidemic was over-anticipated and repeated, and when online competitive pressures intensified (the effects of Korean surrogates, etc., and increased competition in other tax channels), price promotion directly affected their net interest rate performance. In 2021, corporate tax-exempt operations achieved income of $42.935 billion/+32.68 per cent, but the Maori rate was higher.
Overall, the increased promotion of the epidemic has led to a decline in profitability, an increase in the company's overall Māori rate.
In terms of intra-city shop lines, companies are closely following developments in intra-city shop policy and are actively developing strategic partnerships with priority cities to prepare for future intra-city shop placements; in terms of overseas channels, companies are actively exploring and steadily promoting bidding for overseas project expansion and duty-free business rights in South-East Asian countries; and
In an effort to overcome the negative effects of the continuing recurrence of the epidemic, closures, restrictions on entry and exit, and to develop its online operations, the Hong Kong Airport, Hong Kong City, Macao Airport and Cambodia have continued to make profits during the reporting period without the resumption of international passenger flows, and have been operating on a trial basis in Macao by the end of the year; in the case of tax-related operations, among companies
With regard to the priority projects, the construction of the housing and steel structures of the Haiguchi International Free City project has been completed, and the curtain wall, mechanical power and fine-fit works are proceeding in an orderly manner; the Sanya International Free City phase 2 site is under way.
In addition, the company sales rate of 5.71 per cent/-11.11 pct, mainly due to the impact of rent recovery, managed rates
Figure 9: The trend in the Māori rate in China in the first quarter of the year is 0.19 pct more than 2021q1, mainly due to the impact of closing shops and falling incomes. In the short term, there is still a need to track changes in the epidemic and control policies, with an increase in the medium-line size and channel advantage.
At the same time, companies are expected to be tax-exempt in the world in 2020, 2021, and are now taking the initiative to boost their combined operations. In the light of our earlier analysis, one is the future, with branders, tax-free operators, tax-exempt operators, etc.
The price system is expected to return to rationality; and secondly, it is expected to respond positively, from size to quality, to management benefits, and if the epidemic is relatively stable in the future, the company’s multipronged approach is expected to contribute to a recovery in profitability.
Price advantages: Lower-to-island duty-free pre-purchases, including the purchase of tax members, form a staircase layout that balances the Māori rate. The company’s business performance in January/February has been initially streamlined, and the company is expected to increase its ability to negotiate in a comprehensive manner, depending on the close cooperation of branders between 2020 and 2021.
In the second half of 2021, the company's seaweed Bay shop watch, jewellery brands and jewellery brands were increasing.
For example, at the end of 2021, the brands debeersforevermark, tasaki Taski, and France ' s diamond jewellery brand, Messika Mesika, were for the first time cooperating with China to establish a tax-free shop under the banner of the Central Group. The number of brands in the Bay of Seagull store was gradually raised from more than 300 earlier to nearly 700 by the end of 2021.
On the median line, government support for a return-to-consumption logic and the continued expansion of home-grown duty-free cakes is strongly supported. In the future, if the border is liberalized, the market is concerned about the impact on China’s passenger flow, but first, we expect that the pace of liberalization of the outbound is still to be followed.
Next year is not to be ruled out. Second, Hainan's tax-free sales have increased significantly over the last two years, mainly because of good policy + tax-free businesses, which have managed to optimize the increase in the price and conversion rate of their customers, which in 2021 was only 78% to the right in 2019 before the outbreak. There is still room for improvement, not the logic of full consumption.
With domestic consumption outflows and this year’s return to duty-free Korea, we expect that consumption will continue to be at the core of the government after the return of the country’s post-departure journey. So, when the country’s exit is liberalized, the duty-free market policy in the city is not expected to be strengthened, and its policy space is expected to be broad (1.5 million times in 2019).
In this case, China will use the advantages of its airport, city, and line-wide channels to create a new consolidated zero-sales industry, enhanced internal traffic (including airports, within the city, online traffic, exit shops and Hainan) and, on the one hand, close to national preferences, full product sku (including limit amounts, blasts, etc.), and, on the other hand,
It is the combined price advantage that is ahead, and it is the overall optimization of marketing services and so forth that constantly improves their ability to participate in international competitions for market share, bringing new growth perspectives. Investment advice: short-term outbreak disturbances, increased central-line competitiveness with enhanced medium-size and channels, and maintenance of buy-in.
Assuming a return of 79% to 93% from 2019 in Heinan, before 88% to 99%), projects like Pe and Haiguchi International Free City, Sanya No. 2 are expected to be launched, and its status is expected to be further strengthened, with the prospect of mid-line growth. In the future, companies will continue to strengthen their tax-exempt first position and the whole of China.
As a result, the company’s future supply chain capacity will be strengthened in a comprehensive manner; as a result of the deep-down and flow-deepening of the overall distribution of channels and the resonance of the city’s internal + airport + line channels; and as a result of internal and external competition, the subjective dynamics of the firm will continue to be strengthened, from size to quality, to management.
The 30 million Hainan passenger markets move to 155 million plus the former South China markets, and the market space will be wider. Companies are based on the first advantage of global tax exemption, with supply chains and channels being optimized, and long-term growth opportunities remain open and affordable.
The return to repeated passenger flows has been slower than expected, the pace of liberalization of travel abroad has been slower than expected, policies have been lower, domestic tax exemptions have been significantly reduced, macro-systemal risks, exchange rate risks, etc. Authors have ensured that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author