China’s 2021 and one-quarter reports are free of disclosure. In 2021, companies collected $67,676 million in revenues and reduced rents at the capital airport, so the net profit at the end of the season was greater than the net profit generated by the operation.
\triangleright January-February, the company achieved revenue of about $13.1 billion, an increase of about 20 per cent over the same period; net profit on the return to the mother was about $2.4 billion, a 20 per cent increase over the same period, with some branded goods having discounted in the second half of 2021 in January-February
In March 2022, as a result of the epidemic, the decline in passenger flows in Hainan clearly led to the acceleration of duty-free operations in Liu Wenzheng and 2022 in the off-island area.
\triangleright tax-exempt operations in the south of the island have continued to grow at a high rate of $35.509 billion, an increase of 66.58 per cent in the same year and $4.168 billion in the net return profit, an increase of 40.46 per cent in the same year;
Six hundred and ninety million dollars. Cdf members' purchases and other operations generated 3,714 million yuan. Given the repeated outbreaks in 2021 in many parts of q3 countries, the potential for tax exemption from Hainan Island has not yet been fully stimulated and returned as the epidemic dissipates its customers.
Members’ share of consumption has increased steadily, and new brands have continued to be signed for the “Z Age.” Companies are constantly exploring innovative models of digitalization, business on-line is growing steadily, and companies are active in building their membership systems up to the present time.
By the end of 2021, the company's micro-credit program “no-members” had reached more than 20 million, with sales by its members having been successfully introduced from 52 per cent to 12 perfumed brands, 30 decorated shoe brands, 62 special commodities, and 26 limited commodities, thereby meeting the unique needs of consumers of the z generation.
In the case of Haiguchi International Free City branding, steady progress has been made, with the continued deployment of important channel resources to prepare for the "Possibilities 1." (People's Trades) China Central Review: Times of Love. In the case of Haiguchi International, the company was identified with more than 500 brands in 2021.
There are still bright spots behind the performance, and 2022 offers a good opportunity to cooperate.
Right of operation; completion of the construction of tax-free shops such as Chengdu Capital International Airport, Qingdong International Airport, Ningpoo International Airport, Eru Airport, etc.; active strategic cooperation with priority cities to prepare for future intra-city shops; tax operations with the company ' s winning capital airport t2 and t3 fragrance shop projects.
3. China ' s China Central Free (601888) assessment report: The company ' s continued allocation of resources can strengthen its industrial position and lay the foundation for a "post-epidemiological era".
Investment Recommendations: There are no current patterns of competition, supply chain advantages, or business models in China. 4. China ' s 60188 dynamic rating has changed, and the race-track competition patterns have not been disrupted. The epidemic has not had a significant impact on profit logic, and visitors have returned.
Report: Dismantling is free of real net interest rates, and the short-term improvement of the season will provide an effective boost to company performance. In 2022, as the impact of the epidemic fades, the medium- and long-term price is free.
Three-quarterly review: the q3 epidemic puts Maori under pressure, and the season will run to \triangleright1 China free of business data
Figure 1: Quarterly operating income and rate of increase in China (in billions of yuan) Figure 2: Quarterly net profit returns to mothers in China (in billions) Figure 3: Quarterly Māori rate base for China
Table 2: China’s first quarter revenue base (in billions of yuan) was avoided in the first quarter of 2022. 1) The epidemic has repeatedly affected low-to-low arrivals. The current tax-free operation in Hainan Island is a core growth point for companies’ performance.
The company's financial statement data projections, the methodical and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the report independently and objectively, and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.