The White Cloud Airport tax-exempt supplementary agreement has increased its performance by focusing on the recovery of the second half of the epidemic and the start of the punctuation project on 27th of June, 2022.
▪ Incident: On the evening of 22 June 2022, China exempted its subsidiaries from issuing a supplementary agreement on cooperation in the operation of the exit and exit duty-free shop project, confirming the total rent of 480 million dollars for the period 2020-2022 and applying the criteria for calculating the transfer fee for the operation from 1 January 2021
This matter will result in a certain level of recovery of the business transfer fees charged under the original contract from 2021 to the present, which is expected to have a significant positive impact on the net return profit of q2 in 2022.  Adjusting the sales to the base based on actual passenger flow and the size of the operation.
The supplemental agreement provided that the original fee collection pattern would remain unchanged, but agreed to adjust the amount of the original agreement’s monthly base sale.
After a major drop in international passenger traffic at the airport in 2020 as a result of the epidemic, a monthly fee for the transfer of rights to the safe house was waived, amounting to approximately RMB 1.34 billion (for estimates based on a public announcement) from June 2020 to 2022, confirming the cost of the sale. According to the supplementary agreement, the parties negotiated amicablely confirming the year 2020.
In June 2022, the rent was 480 million yuan, so it is expected that the q2 double-counting of $860 million in sales costs will recover, significantly increasing the net profit from the mother by about 640 million yuan.
In the second half of the year, the Hainan International Outer Islands Free Shopping Festival provided $20 million in consumer vouchers to stimulate consumption on the island. In the second half of the year, the exempt Seagate International Free City opened, and the largest ferry came to the island.
As the project moves, more than 90% of the upper island traffic will have to go through, and the share is expected to go into the upscaling route. In our recent depths, we suggest a revival of the off-line passenger flow over the next two years, which is a change in the core operational elements facing the tourism retailers, with the return and prosperity of the cruises to the island.
The possible simultaneous acceleration of tourism retailer earnings and Māori rates is a noteworthy indicator of the post-disease economic recovery process.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: liberalized control of the epidemic, the recovery of international routes in favour of tax-free industries, the expansion of the market size again at a faster pace; a strong market-free position in the middle and a new off-island tax-free shop will be significantly improved by the ring, with a target for 2022.
In the medium-to-long term, however, China is expected to benefit from the gradual recovery of its tourism retailing poles across the provinces and outbounds. Consider the fact that this year the q2 Hainan retail tourism market is more affected by the epidemic than by the critical flow of food cards, and that the epidemic will be followed by an outbreak.
Incident: On the evening of 22 June 2022, China exempted its subsidiaries from issuing a " Circular on the signing of a supplementary agreement on cooperation in the operation of duty-free entry and exit shops " , confirming that the total rent for June 2020-2022 was 480 million yuan, and adjusted the criteria for calculating the transfer of business rights from 1 January 2021. This matter will make it possible for 2021 to date.
The contract provides for a degree of recovery of the transactional transfer fee, which is expected to result in an adjustment of the sales base to the actual passenger flow and operating area for the year 2022 q2 net profit. The original tax-exempt project rental model for White Cloud Airport is “what high is the base and raise” and sets an annual increment.
Adjustments to the originally agreed monthly bottom sales: adjustments based on the current monthly passenger rate and actual area of operation, i.e., monthly bottom sales = the agreed monthly base level of sales under the original agreement x monthly passenger flow adjustment factor x monthly area adjustment factor, and the monthly area adjustment factor is no less than the passenger flow adjustment factor.
After a significant drop in international passenger traffic at the airport in the year, the monthly fee for the transfer of rights to the safe house was waived, and the sales fee was confirmed in June 2020-2022, amounting to approximately RMB 1.34 billion (based on a public announcement estimate). Under the supplementary agreement, the parties reached an amicable agreement confirming that the rent for June 2020-2022 would total $480 million, so it was hoped that the rent would be eliminated at q2 to more than q2.
RMB 640 million was recovered from the $860 million in sales costs, resulting in a significant increase in the net profit of the mother, and during the resumption of the South China cruise, attention was paid to the opening of the second half of the Seagate International Free City. O2 South China cruises were severely affected by the epidemic.
Around 40%/55%/81% of the same period last year's Melan Airport at Hainan International Free Purchases Festival, which lasts the second half of the year, the Hainan Province government issued $20 million in consumer vouchers to stimulate consumption.
Success. With this project, more than 90% of the upper island traffic will have to go through, and the share is expected to go up. In our recent depths, it has been suggested that the recovery of lower-line passenger flow over the next two years is a core operating factor facing tourism retailers, whose incomes and Māori rates may accelerate at the same time as the return and prosperity of the cruises to the island.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: liberalization of control of the epidemic, recovery of international routes conducive to the expansion of the duty-free sector market, and a strong market-free position, with new off-island tax-free poles to be put into operation in 2022/2023.
In the medium-to-long term, despite the impact of the epidemic, China is expected to benefit from the gradual recovery of provincial and outbound tourism routes. Considering the q2 Hainan retail tourism market plague this year, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of a securities investment advisory committee.