The outbreak caused short-term pressure.
In 2021, profit ends grew at a much faster rate than revenue ends, mainly as a result of three quarters of the trip back to the capital airport to collect rents and the return of taxes and taxes received by Hainan subsidiary. This compares favourably with the same period in 20 years, with 40 performances falling more sharply, mainly because 4q’s recovery of airport rents in 2020 resulted in higher base periods and internal winters.
Seasonal outbreaks have led to a decline in the heat of tourism in Hainan and an increase in the 4q promotion discounts (13.5 percentage points to 26.4 per cent for the same year). On cost, the combined cost rate of the year began in 2022 with a domestic outbreak in March, despite the fact that the company’s main business continued to grow faster in January-February.
As a result of the Hainan epidemic, the company’s tax-free shop was suspended from 2 April to 11 April, and the second quarter, taken together, is still comparable.
Serious, and expected short-term performance, will continue to be stressed.
Throughout the year, we expect that the company will continue to consolidate its competitive advantage in Hainan (76 per cent of the revenue and 51 per cent of the profits in 2021), and that the 150,000-square-point international tax-free city will be opened by the end of the third quarter of the year, which is expected to benefit from the improved epidemic; and that the purchasing firm will continue to strengthen its high-quality branding links and improve its performance.
After the epidemic, the company will also continue to bid for a border free shop (in mid-21, at the railway crossing of the River Sufin, at Taiwon airport and at the Ishii border of the Spring State) and complete its own business free of charge and complete its own airports in Chengdu, Quandong airport in Qingjia, Ningbosu airport, Yu Uu, etc.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.