The launch of the shopping festival is imminent, the supplementary agreement is expected to increase performance, and the launch of the shopping festival is imminent, with a catalytic effect.
In addition to the $20 million of duty-free vouchers to be issued off the island (“Guide to the People, Enjoy the China of the Sea”), the provincial governments will provide additional funds in due time, and the city and county governments will arrange for them to continue to distribute them.
In May, the Hainan province received 3,054,000 overnight visitors.
During the midday holiday, the entire Hainan province was visited by tourists, with an increase of 25.1 per cent over the previous month's ring, with a gradual resumption of the total number of flights in and out of Meran and San Phoenix airports, including Seaports.
More than 200 sorties per day since the end of May and more than 300 sorties per month since the end of June, and more than 150 sorties per day at the San Phoenix airport since the end of May and more than 250 sorties per month, rents have returned to higher levels of performance as a result of the supplementary agreement with White Cloud Airport.
\triangleright factor, monthly area adjustment factor, i.e. monthly bottom sales = base monthly sales amount under the original agreement x monthly passenger flow adjustment factor x monthly area adjustment factor.
Increment clause, when (last year international passenger traffic: 19 years international passenger traffic) < 0.8 hours, monthly sales do not increase; last year international passenger traffic: 19 years international passenger traffic: 0.8 hours, monthly sales increase according to the original agreement.
The rent is estimated at $480 million in June 22, a difference of about $930 million. Assuming the income tax rate is 25%, taking into account the savings in the rent of q2 itself, the supplementary agreement will result in a profit increase of about $700 million.
A supplementary agreement with White Cloud Airport is expected to increase the performance of q2 and reduce subsequent rent pressure. Considering the recurrent effects of the epidemic, it is expected that the rate will be reduced.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In accordance with the latest vaccination policy in Hainan, personnel from the Shanghai area (with the exception of the serenity zone, the ceremonial zone, the po mountain area) come to Junecha health code, travel card, and self-health monitoring for seven days.
Days + 7 days of self-health monitoring. Table 1 AIDS prevention policy from Shanghai to Hainan, Shanghai to Hainan Province.
1: The Shanghai area (with the exception of the serenity zone, the birch zone and the Bo hill region) has personnel arriving at the health code, the trip card and monitoring for seven days ' self-health; Hainan province 2: persons from the serenity zone, the birch zone and the Po hill region, with negative nucleic acid certificates for 48 hours, has 3 days ' + 7 days ' self-health monitoring for home health monitoring.
The Hainan Province plans to host the first six-month Hainan International Ex-Island Free Shopping Festival on 28 June. It will take the form of “1+n” – a launching ceremony and more than 50 ad hoc marketing and branding events.
In addition to the 20 million-dollar duty-free consumer vouchers to be issued (“helpers to benefit the people and enjoy the Hainan” vouchers), the provincial government will be able to make a contribution to the market.
Additional funds will be made available in due course, and municipal and county governments will arrange for the distribution of consumer vouchers.
There has been a gradual improvement in the number of passenger arrivals in Hainan Province. The number of overnight visitors in Henan Province in May was 3,054,000, representing an increase of 25.1 per cent over the previous month's ring, and a decrease of -39.8 per cent. During the midday leave period (3-5 June), the number of tourist arrivals in Hainan Province increased by 2.5 per cent, compared with 12.6 per cent during the same period in 19 years.
The number of overnight trips was 497,700, or 8.3 per cent less, and the number of one-day trips was 83.3 per cent more than the same time. The number of overnight arrivals (in thousands of persons) and the same speed increase in the number of flights in and out of the airport were gradually resumed. According to flight-keeper data, the total number of flights in and out of the airport has been gradually increased since June.
Of these, more than 200 single-day Merlan Airport at Haiguchi since the end of May has resumed to more than 300 sorties at the end of June, more than 150 single-day flights at San Phoenix Airport since the end of May to more than 250 sorties at the end of June, and flights in and out of Port reflect the gradual resumption of passenger flow control.
The supplementary agreement includes a monthly passenger flow adjustment factor, a monthly area adjustment factor, i.e. a monthly bottom sales factor = the base monthly level of sales agreed in the original agreement – a monthly passenger flow adjustment factor – and a monthly area adjustment factor, which effectively reduces the pressure on companies to keep their rents below during the outbreak.
• Adjustment of the incremental monthly reserve sales provision. In the 17-year White Cloud Airport t2 exit, t1+t2 entry cooperation agreement, the annual incremental amount was set to be higher than the following: (1) (a prior-year average of actual monthly sales - prior-year base) by 20 per cent; (2) last-month bottom of sales x 6 per cent. In the supplementary agreement, the monthly reserve was not increased at <0.8 times (last-year international passenger traffic, 19 years).
At 0.8 p.m., the monthly base sales increased in accordance with the original agreement, with an estimated rent of about 170 million yuan and an increase in the size of the operation, totalling about 1.42 billion yuan. According to the company announcement, the rent is projected to be 480 million yuan in January-22 June 20, according to the company ' s initial steps under the supplementary agreement, with a difference of about 930 million yuan. The income tax rate is assumed to be 25 per cent, taking into account q2 itself.
With rent savings, the supplementary agreement will generate profits of about $700 million. The rent forecast for the T1+t2 entry duty store in Guangzhou Airport in Table 6 is a relaxation of Shanghai’s anti-epidemic policy in Hainan, and an off-island free shopping festival is about to begin, and the distribution of vouchers is expected to further boost tax-free consumption enthusiasm.
A supplementary agreement is expected to increase q2 performance and reduce subsequent rent pressure. Taking into account the recurrent effects of the epidemic, the negative impact of the epidemic on tourism travel and duty-free consumption from 22 to 24 years per share of the proceeds; and the risk of low consumption expectations from the downside of the macroeconomy.
Masters graduated in finance engineering from the University of Illinois at Champagne, and undergraduates in finance from the University of Gangdan. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.