Retail retail trade and retail tourism, supplementary agreement for the rental of a tax-free shop at White Cloud Airport, incident: China-China public announcement and limited new tax-exempt products from Guangzhou, a subsidiary of the company
The company has concluded supplementary agreements with the White Cloud Airport in Guangzhou on such matters as the transfer of business rights.
Prior to the outbreak, under an agreement signed in 2017 between China and White Cloud Airport, t2 entered the country and sold it at the end of the month.
In 2019, if the rent at the base is 435 million yuan, the rent will be eliminated in the middle of the year.
The actual rent paid at White Cloud Airport was over $700 million. The 2020 agreement, with a new method of calculating rent of $123 million, was again significantly lower than in 2020, with rent-free.
In the 2020 and 2021 editions, a full annual report & 22q1 quarterly review of the rent at White Cloud Airport was made: the impact of the epidemic was short and the rents were recalculated on the basis of the passenger flow recovery from 2022.
Start, month bottom sales r= December 2019 bottom sales base y x month passenger flow reconciliation factor 2022/04/27 x month area adjustment factor.
At <0.8 p.m., the current year’s base monthly guaranteed sales are evaluated in the previous year’s monthly insurance report: the epidemic is dragging q4’s bottom sales base, without incremental increases; the opposite is the implementation of the incremental provisions of the original agreement.
There has been some marginal improvement in immigration and exit policies, and the number of international routes is gradually increasing, but it is expected that China will be short-lived (601888), with a lower chance of freeing up during China’s " China Free " period.
2021q3 evaluation: The impact of the epidemic on the decline in the Māori rate (coefficient from 0-1) and the actual opening of the shop are being associated with the recovery of the passenger flow process, the landing of the supplementary contract at the airport in the capital city.
Simplified anti-control measures and a steady recovery of the Hainan tourism market. With the recent spread of the epidemic in the country, various parts of the country have announced the easing of cross-provincial mobility restrictions and the rapid recovery of cross-provincial teams.
Henan Province, as a tourist province, adjusted its control measures on June 20, with the exception of the Middle and High-Risk Region, where non-influenza-related areas do not require nucleic acid, which only takes 48 hours before boarding, and where there are no special anti-control requirements for Kyoto tourists, significantly improves the ease of travel.
In May, 3,900 million free stores were sold, 66.1 per cent ring, and on June 10, the South China Zone was sold 200 million yuan, in June.
From 28 to mid-September, the fourth Hainan Exile Market Festival will be held and will cover 10 thematic events and 10 internal city tours. The summer season will begin in July, and after six months of travel restrictions, the summer flow is expected to bounce back into retaliation, and the company's sales will be expected.
Investment advice: Keep looking at the development space for the domestic tax-exempt industry and the company’s core advantages in tax-exempt areas. Short-term volatility does not affect the company’s medium- and long-term development.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.