According to Sanya's latest outbreak control policy, the non-influencing zone uses Green Code to board and monitor nucleic acid.
After release, seven days of self-health testing in June: more than one district in Kyoto is no longer covered by the priority area of quarantine. The travel to Hainan of Beijing and Shanghai Africa high-risk areas will no longer require intensive isolation, only seven days of health monitoring, and three days of residence for the general area affected by the disease (e.g. Shanghai Putu, Silenta, Baosan)
Home health monitoring + 7 days of self-health monitoring. The Hainan tourism market is recovering in an orderly fashion.
As the impact of the epidemic subsided, the Hainan tourist market began to warm up from May to midday, receiving about 1.33 million visitors across the island, a 2.5 per cent increase.
Several initiatives promote duty-free sales and warm-up. To further boost the recovery of the off-island duty-free consumer market, the government and the business community have launched a number of measures: at the policy end, the Hainan Business Office issued " Promoting Freeness from the Islands in 2022 " .
(a) The Tax Marketing Action Programme (hereinafter referred to as the Programme), which proposes to encourage duty-free consumption off the island through a wide range of measures such as the issuance of tax-exempt purchase vouchers, the enhancement of commodity abundance, the encouragement of tax-free shops, large-scale sales, and the organization of no fewer than 10 large-scale tax-free marketing campaigns throughout the year;
During the event, 10 duty-free shops launched promotional campaigns such as “Down Drop”, “Breaks plus Gifts” and “Time Breaks” and “Staff Purchases.” With the combined efforts of the two sides, four tax-exempt stores in Sanya were sold on the same day, June 18, for a total of 120 million dollars.
As the leader of the off-island duty-free market, the China-South Zone was prominent in its sales recovery, with sales exceeding $200 million on June 10th, and the ring-to-combined product portfolio.
In April, it was less than 100 million. The Seagate International Free City project is scheduled to open on September 30th, with a larger tax-free business area (160,000 square metres) than the Sanya International Free City.
vs. 72,000 square metres), better ground (near ports, easier inland traffic) and rapid increase in passenger flow after the start of the business. In addition, the Sanya International Free City Phase 2 commercial project has been stepped up as an extension of the San Asia International Free City, which will expand the tax-free area and expand the range of fine items.
Institutional investors account for a share in the flow of a share of the product, thereby increasing the overall product content; logistics flow is expected to accelerate on the supply chain, where the sea port logistics centrei is operational.
elasticity of performance as a result of warming and rapid recovery. From the post-disease market layout, the company continued to press forward with the post-disease bid for the post-port duty-free shop, winning the 2021 bid for three duty-free operations at the Zhenn River Railway, Taiwon Airport and Ishii Point in Spring State.
Construction of tax-free shops such as Tianchang Airport, Qingdang Airport, Ningpoo Airport and Yeu Airport; on the other hand, active strategic partnerships with priority cities, with the deployment of duty-free shops in the city, with the expansion of the whole tax-free layout; and competitive advantages will be achieved through increased branding cooperation and improved operation of the membership system
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be duplicated or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The Associated Company may use or recommend any action prior to receipt of this report or on the basis of the information or research contained in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss resulting from the use of the report.
This report is not intended to promote or induce customers to trade the certificates mentioned in the report.