Shin Yishan Tangyoko Tourist Retail China Middle-Congress (60188.sh)
\triangleright. The growth in the company’s business indicators during the reporting period was mainly due to rent concessions at the airport in the capital, and corporate income tax benefits for South China Moleculars.
The impact of the epidemic was evident in March. Reactions from the Hainan epidemic in March, exit duty-free shops \triangleright, 70% drop in passenger flow at Sanya airport in March, about 3,682 million yuan in March.
The decline of 50% to the mother’s net profit is about $163 million, a decline of about 80% compared to the previous year, with a net profit rate of around 4%, and a marked pressure on business performance compared to January-February. Hainan has now achieved social clean-up, tax-free shops have resumed operations, business is expected to return to normal in the second quarter, and duty-free operations off the island continue to climb.
By branch, the share of duty-free commodity sales continued to grow, with Hainan becoming the largest contributor to profits. During the period, corporate commodity sales amounted to 44.799 billion yuan (+43.93 per cent), representing a 0.12 per cent increase compared to the previous year. Of this amount, duty-free commodity sales amounted to 26.697 billion yuan (+49.71 per cent), an increase of 2.37 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year; there were taxes.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis, and investment recommendations: Short-term epidemics continue to be a major factor affecting companies’ operations. In the medium and long term, tax-free operations are an important channel for steering consumption back.
The company released its 2021 financial statements in 2021 and the first quarter of 2022, during which it realized revenues of $67,675 million (+28.67 per cent) and a net profit of $9,653 million (+57.23 per cent) from the mother.
During the reporting period, the growth in corporate business indicators was mainly due to rent concessions at the capital’s airport, and corporate income tax benefits for South China’s molecular companies. The impact of the epidemic was evident in March.
As a result of the 70% drop in the March passenger flow, the March revenue was about 3,682 million yuan, a 50% drop in the same year, and the net profit to the mother was about $163 million, a decline of about 80%, a net profit rate of around 4%, and a marked pressure on business compared to the January-February period. Hainan is now on track to achieve social clean-up, tax-free shops are back in business, business is expected to return to normal in the second quarter, and tax-free operations off the island continue to climb down the slopes.
Out of this amount, tax-free stores in Sanya achieved income of 35.509 million yuan (+66.58 per cent), resulting in a net profit of 4,168 million yuan (+40.46 per cent) from their mothers; the China Free Company realized a return of 1,596 million yuan (+61.05 per cent) and a net profit of 793 million yuan (+20.75 per cent) from their mothers.
In terms of business expansion, there is a multi-pronged approach to duty-free access at ports, airports, cities, and off-islands. During this period, the company won three duty-free positions at the Penn River Road, Taiwon Airport, Spring State Ishii Port, completed the construction of the airport duty-free shops in Chengdu, Qingdao, Ningbo, Yeu, etc.
The company continues to work deep south, now owns five off-island duty-free shops in Hainan, is building a larger international tax-free city project in Haiguchi, and is expanding the company’s tax-free operation in Hainan.
This is due to a significant reduction in the rent due to the airport; an administrative cost rate of 3.32 per cent (+0.21 pct) is due to an increase in the remuneration of employees; and a financial cost rate of 0.06 per cent (+0.974 pct) is due to a higher net gain on exchange in the prior period. The net cash flow from operating activities of $8.328 billion (+1.56 per cent) is due to the receipt of sales goods as a result of construction in the International Free City of Haiguchi.
In the short term, the epidemic continues to be a major factor in the company’s operations. For 10 days in April, the Sanya Free Shop closed, the number of visitors to the island continues to be limited by the upgrade of the Inland Sanitary Sanitary Control, and the second quarter is expected to continue under pressure.
In the medium-to-long term, tax-free operations remain an important channel to guide the return of consumption, and the company’s focus in 2022 continues to expand the risk of macroeconomic volatility; consumption needs fall short of expectations; tax-exempt policy changes; exchange rate risks; the impact of the epidemic on tourism; and the present report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.