{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}awhollyownedsubsidiaryofinamerchantsbank ctgdf(601888ch) hold(maintain)
1 q22belowmarketalthoughgpmrebundundonstrong 2m22momentum; keephandonfluidcoviditution targetprice
(previoustp up/downside 1qnetprofitscameinatrm2.56bn, Down 10% yooyandwasslightly)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
In 1q22whathatcomparedtoly 28%in4q21, thankstothienarrowing
I don't know if I'm the only one who's going to do this, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it.
I mean, if you're not the only one, then 1q'smomentumcourdextendfurthertocomingquattersremainins stockdata the "nownunknown" tousethespecialhesupplychainofsunrise
We're going to watch the tranchectory. tringat-2sdbelowaverage, earlystookstobethemajoreventto.
I'm sorry, she's not here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here.
(from 36.5)end-22ep/whichstillrepresents-1sdbelow3-yearaverage. keyhighlights Frommanagecall: shareperformance
It's not like I'm the only one who's going to do it, but it's the only one who's going to do it, and it's the only one who's going to do it.
Keyexpansionproject: thehaikou internationaldutyfreeityhass 12-mthpriceperformance investmentpromotionphasecompletedby1q22anderedintothe
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2022asprepubliclyplanned. onlinebusinessdevelopment: anintegratedonlineplatplatformconningonline and offline, domesticandoverseas, andduty-freeandtaxedbusinesseshasbeen
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Auditor: pricewaterhouse coopers relaedreports "managementinitiativesmaynotully
"downtohold" - "ctgdf(601888ch)-atnear
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
There's 40,000m2. Thenewlisticsystemwouldhelpthecompanyspeedup itshipmentandimproveitsoperatingefficiency, and thebenefitwouldstart toergefrommay, accordingtomanage.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Globalmacro-economicandgeo-politicalization, while there's every smallportionistmadeofstockaged1year+. tatefvisationtoctgdf'sstoreswasrelativelylowsocardesitea
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever been there, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, overseaschannelexpansionwillbeanotherkeyfocusforthecompanyin thetext3-5years.storeshongkongairport, Hongkongcity, macau
Airportandcobodiacontinuedtomakepositivenetprofitin1q22, and macauityduty-freeshopoponedinthequarter.ctdfplannedto continueexpanditsfootprintoverseas, focusingonseafirst, or
I don't know, regions/countries with angerpresenceoffchinestelliers.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, therearchanalynchorisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanalystcoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectsecurities orissuesueswas,is,orwillbe,directlydirected
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
♪ And bigmratings forgot: stockisnotratedbycm
Outperform mark-perform underperform
"and internationalglobalmarketslimited and internationalglobalglobalmarketslimited" ("cmbigm") iawhollyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed (awholly reported subsocialofchinamerchantsbank)
I don't know if I'm going to do it, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.
Of, andreturnsfrom, anyinvestssareindarenotgueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultoftheirdependenceontheperformancyofundercoveringassets orothervariablemarketfactors. and bigmmmendhathativostsssouldinndentlyvaluateblinvestmentsandtrateratements, anddencururesinvestors to consultaprofessionalfinanciacultorinatories.
I'm sorry, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedby the cmbigm, solelyforthpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsofcirientscmbigmorits affiliate(s) thomitistbuted.thisportisnotototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanysecorityornyinterestensenciesorenterintoanytransactions.nether and bigmnonyofofsaffialates, shareholders, agents, directors, officesorsorremspromyyèsaliableforanyls
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
There's a lot of other things, but there's a lot of other things that we can do about it, and there's a lot of things that we can do about it.
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it with the company.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
i) above, and maynotberovidetootherpersonswithoutthepriorwrittenconsentof & Bigm.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'll be able to do it again.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.