Events: China is exempt from the 2021 annual report and the 22nd Q1 report, and China is exempt from the current duty-free retailing leader in China.
The net return to mothers was $9.654 billion and $2,563 million, respectively, +57.23% and 9.99% respectively. Tax-free sales of goods dominated, mainly tobacco and alcohol, perfume, and off-island tax are still central to the growth of contributions and profits, and airport channels are under stress.
Wholesale and retail sales of duty-free goods, such as chemicals. 21 years, Hainan achieved 60.17 billion yuan, or 84 per cent, of the total sales of the off-island duty-free shops, of which the off-island duty-free stores and the offshore companies generated $35.51 billion and $15.96 billion, respectively.
The global epidemic is serious, with the Department of Human Resources and Tourism predicting a return to only 22.1 per cent and 16.3 per cent of the total number of arrivals and departures in 19 years, with company airport channels under pressure. Japan and China, respectively, achieved tax-free sales of 11.8 billion yuan off the island, compared to +6.6 per cent in March.
As discounts are reduced by marginal improvements in Māori rates, rent relief and tax benefits have increased significantly. As a result of increased competition in the market and a recurrent epidemic, companies have taken the initiative to increase discounts for 21 years.
The discount will return to normal levels. And, given that maintaining a limited pattern of competition is the most benign development of the industry, it is not expected that future license plates will be released on a large scale, while companies will be in the vanguard position and will be maintained at a moderate level, based on the principle of mutual benefit of the operator with the brand, long-term discounts and the Maori rate.
The Department signed a supplementary agreement with the capital airport, which resulted in a net profit increase of 1.14 billion yuan in rent relief, 15 per cent in corporate income tax rates for the six subsidiaries, a net profit increase of $740 million, and two major uncertainties.
The city was suspended from 2 to 11 April, taking into account the fact that many parts of the country are affected by the epidemic, the short-term outbreak is still under control, and the company’s performance in the first half of the year is likely to continue to run under pressure. However, the province of Hainan is now in a state of social stagnation, with the company’s entire sector stores.
The airport channels are concerned with the global warming of the epidemic, and research assistant Wei Wooming, whose return to the country has created a huge recovery space. The city’s stores are open to the public after the outbreak.
The company is the leader of the domestic duty-free market, and for 21 years it has been actively promoting full-source expansion, continuously integrating online operations, connecting multi-operational digital systems, completing the whole warehouse system planning and the Hainan Integrated Supply Chain Programme, and deepening brand collaboration and the development of new brands.
Building on its own strengths in branding cooperation, supply chain building and nationwide tax-free channel layout, the operational capacity of S1480200800007 has continued to grow, laying the foundation for its increased domestic and international competition for duty-free markets.
Profit projections: Reflux consumption and the expansion of middle- and upper-end income groups are nuclear power that supports the long-term growth of the tax-free industry, short-term outbreaks are improving tax-free margins off the island, medium- and long-term airport routes are recovering, and inner-city shops are on the ground, providing huge incremental space.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China, China, 601888: the short-term epidemic has disturbed performance and has not changed the long-term trend towards good governance, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the short-term epidemic is disturbing performance and does not change the long-term trend towards good governance.
Liu Xueqiao is responsible for the study of hotels, restaurants, uniforms, local life, medical beauty, etc.
Wei Woo-meng, who is responsible for research on cosmetics, tax exemptions, electricity suppliers, traditional retailing, jewellery, etc.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.