On 24 June 2022, the company issued a supplemental announcement, which exempted Guangzhou, a subsidiary of the company, from operating rights, transfer fees, and agreed and signed a supplementary agreement with Baiyun Airport, Guangzhou, for the month of the original agreement.
(a) Adjustment of sales on the floor; in addition, the policy of segregation of entry has been gradually relaxed and the prospect of exemption from the island is open. (b) Flexible adjustment of sales on the floor has eased corporate cost pressures. (1) According to the announcement, after 2021, international passenger traffic was less than 0.8 p.m. in the previous year and 2019 in the current year.
The base figure for bottom sales will be the same as in the previous year; the amount of monthly guaranteed sales under the original agreement will be increased in excess of 0.8. According to the White Cloud Airport Bulletin, the total volume of international passenger traffic at White Cloud Airport in 2021 was 675,000, or about 27% of international traffic in 2020, and the rate recovered to 2019 is far from 2019.
As a result, the base sales in 2022 will continue to be based on the previous year. (2) According to the announcement, the floor sales base will be adjusted after the start of operations. The agreement will help to mitigate the sharp decline in international passenger flows and the disruption of shop openings.
At the request of the National Immigration Administration, the country still has a strict entry/exit policy that promotes non-emergency non-necessary policies.
Incoming. International passenger flows at the airport are expected to remain low in the short term.
People are no longer subject to centralized isolation, and Shanghai is still classified as a “one-size-fits-all” zone, with three days of home-based health monitoring. With the easing of access restrictions and the arrival of summer tours, the Hainan tourist market is warming up and shopping off the island’s duty-free line is quickly restored.
The company ' s agreement with White Cloud Airport to supplement the tax-exempt agreement is on schedule and is expected to reduce the company ' s cost pressures and help the company to re-establish early deployment of the airport ' s tax-exempt channels.
As Shanghai fully recommenced on June 1st, the superbing of the Chinese brigade melted, the winding-up mechanism became more precise, the summer season began, domestic travel was on the recovery track, and it was expected that the benefits would be good.
China: January-February 22nd, the year-round performance has repeatedly affected passenger flows, increased competition in duty-free markets, and policies have fallen short of expectations.
Quantified Quantities. 20220311. China Free: 21q4 affected more by the epidemic, 2022 surplus, Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Merchant and retail: tourism retailii