Q2's performance is warmed up by the arrival of the White Cloud Airport Supplemental Agreement.
27 June 2022 This supplementary agreement is based on international passenger traffic at Baiyun Airport, Guangzhou, since the outbreak of the 2020 epidemic
The airport duty-free operations were significantly reduced, ensuring long-term development of the duty-free operations, and the company’s subsidiary, Guangzhou New Free Goods Ltd., agreed to and signed a supplementary agreement with Guangzhou White Cloud Airport on such matters as the transfer of rights.
There is no significant difference between the amount of revenue recognized at White Cloud Airport in the year in question and the annual tax-free rent in 2022 and beyond, the realization of which depends to a large extent on the progress of the epidemic and the recovery of passenger flows along the international route of White Cloud Airport.
(ii) Adjustment of the criteria for calculating the transactional transfer of rights effective 1 January 2021, with the same pattern as in the previous agreement, i.e., the higher rate of monthly guaranteed rights transfer and monthly sales, the adjustment of monthly minimum sales, and the introduction of a passenger flow factor and area factor at 2019.
The base is December, when international passenger flows are less than 80% before the outbreak, the base monthly sales are not subject to an incremental provision based on the December 2019 base; when international passenger flows are above 80% prior to the outbreak, the bottom monthly sales above the base are based on an incremental clause.
Basic data: 31 March 2022
On balance, the tax-free floor rent at White Cloud Airport 2020-2022h2 should be increased annually by *6 per cent of sales at the bottom of the previous year, resulting in a combined reduction of company rents at White Cloud Airport 2020-2022h1
Zhang Xiaojun's net profit of billions. The company's business of 22q2 is in danger of being significantly affected by the repeated impact of the central urban epidemic on duty-free sales, and a one-time recovery of rent at White Cloud Airport will smooth the quarterly profits.
We compare this agreement with the agreement signed by the company and Shanghai Airport in early 2021.
The tax-free rental income is capped, capped, and unsealed during the agreement period. This agreement with White Cloud Airport retains the same level of collection as the actual amount raised and the minimum amount, reducing only the amount of insurance during the agreement period. If overseas aviation needs resume in the future, the airport duty-free operation is back on track, for White Cloud Airport.
And it is expected that the amendments to the supplementary agreement between the two airports will be different. Shanghai Airport considers that the recovery of aviation needs is slow and that the rate of deductions, which was up to 42%, is unsustainable, choosing to raise income in the weak demand scenario and to give up the excess in the high demand scenario.
Gains. White Cloud Airport is an option to reduce income in a weak demand scenario while preserving the possibility of excess gains under a strong demand scenario, and, on the basis of a supplementary agreement, White Cloud Airport extended the duration of the agreement to enter the duty-free shop until 2029.
This rent-release at White Cloud Airport is a one-time event, which is expected to boost the company’s performance in the second quarter. Considering that the tax-free market for \triangleright has been subject to high volatility from the epidemic, tax-free sales in April amounted to $1.86 billion, leaving the island in May.
Tax sales of $3.09 billion, a 66% increase in ring and a 40% decline in year-on-year. Increased sales on the border line in June are still not expected to restore the same level. At the same time, Māori rates and currency exchange losses are now under way.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor will I.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.