On the evening of June 24th, China released an announcement that Guangzhou, a subsidiary of the company, would be exempted from business transfer fees and so on because of the effects of the epidemic.
The agreement and the signing of a supplementary agreement at White Cloud Airport: 1) The agreement on the transfer fee for the operation of White Cloud Airport was re-signed, and preliminary estimates are expected to result in a one-time performance contribution of $600-70 million and a modest reduction in the firm’s rent pressure over the next few years; 2) q2 outbreak and exchange rate depreciation are expected to put pressure on the company’s q2 operator.
But in the second half of the year, the recovery in Hainan is still on track, with the opening of the new seaport, which is expected to help develop new spaces in the middle of the day; and 3) the Integrated White Cloud Airport. With a modest increase in competition in the last two years, the company’s subjective dynamics are being fully released, positive online linkages are being made, supply chains and operational capabilities are being enhanced. In the second half of the year and mid of next year, the company’s new Hainan project is expected to open and its tax-exempt position and competitive position are expected to increase.
On balance, the company is continuing to strengthen its position as the world’s leading leader in tax exemption, with long-line full-way growth paths and space available, and with firm insistence on re-signing the transfer fee agreement with White Cloud Airport, which is expected to reduce the pressure on follow-on insurance and increase the company’s performance. On the evening of 24 June, China announced that China’s subsidiary Guangzhou would be exempted from operating the transfer fee and so forth, and with Guangzhou’s subsidiary, Guangzhou, due to the impact of the epidemic.
In conjunction with the previous announcement, the company's layout at White Cloud airport included t1 exit duty-free shops (undisclosed), t1&t2 entry duty-free shops (t2 with 2018.2, fully operational with 2018.4) and t2 exit duty-free shops, as shown in the table below.
The new agreement specifies the operating rights transfer fees (rents) for 2020, not based on a 6 per cent increase in the 2019 base year.2 The monthly rate of rent is raised, the monthly base sales are the latest set monthly passenger rate factor and the monthly actual area of operation factor, i.e., “monthly bottom sales = monthly base sales base x monthly passenger flow adjustment factor x monthly area adjustment factor”, in which the current month area adjustment factor is no less than the same month's passenger flow adjustment factor.
In subsequent years, when the t-1 international passenger flow was less than 80% in 2019, the t-1 monthly bottom sales were the same as t-1 and could not increase any more; only when the passenger flow was greater than 80%.
4-Monthly bottom sales were adjusted to 1 January of each year (the forward shop adjusts the base in April of each year). 5 , t1+t2 entry shops were extended to 25 April 2029, which was the 2024+3 model.
Gold revenue is about $123 million. Although the White Cloud Airport announcement states that the rent amount of the new agreement is consistent with that confirmed by the company in the same year, we do not believe that this does not mean that China, too, is counting on the corresponding figures. Given that both sides have taken careful accounting, we assume that the agreement is not to be mentioned in the original warranty, so that it is likely that the agreement will be set to bring the rent back, as detailed below.
The estimate exempts the bottom rent from 2020.1-2022.6: cf. White Cloud Airport ' s 2017 announcement, which estimates its operating income as a contribution to Middle Clouds by about 6% per year. Based on this, it is estimated that the bottom rent for the bottom rent of 2020.1-2022.6, t1+t2 entry stores is estimated to be 875 million, while the bottom rent for the bottom payment of t2 exit shops is estimated to be approximately 394 million. t1 bottom rent is not disclosed, considering that in 2016 white cloud 1 rent is more than 40 million and in 2020 t1
An increase in the area of the border from 1,300 square metres to more than 1700 square metres, close to half of the t2 exit shop, assuming a rent-a-per-year estimate, further estimates of the impact on the performance reported in mid-2022: Guangzhou is now exempt from 100 per cent of China's subsidiary, with a 25 per cent income-tax rate, and a one-time rent recovery will have an impact on the performance of $590-610 million (alarm: since the rent of its own 2022q2 was not available until it was disclosed).
Looking ahead, the core of this supplementary agreement is to reduce the firm’s firm’s pressure on rent rigidity at White Cloud Airport over the next few years in the midst of repeated uncertainties. As shown in the table below, we estimate that Guangzhou’s new exemption from tax-free shops at White Cloud Airport will be adjusted as follows, with the corresponding international passenger flow assumed.
Most of the new rents that the company adjusts under the supplementary agreement are lower than the original minimum guaranteed rent. But it should be noted that the current bulletin does not state for the time being that the ratio adjustment should be established, and if the rate remains unchanged, the rent may still be higher in the future if sales are fully restored.
It is hoped that, in the period when international passenger flows have not yet resumed, it will be possible to effectively ease the pressure on airport floor rents, while also improving the availability of large-scale tax-free cakes for the co-benefits of the airport.
Since March, as a result of repeated outbreaks of disease, China has experienced a major setback in the flow of passengers to the island (7-90 per cent in April-May and 6-80 per cent in April-May) and a direct pressure on duty-free off-island operations, including an outbreak in Sanya in April and nine days of closed shops in the Bay of Hainan, which has been particularly affected. Currently, 1.86 billion yuan in duty-free sales in April, more than 6 per cent in April, and $3.09 billion in duty-free sales in May, respectively.
An increase of 66.1% is estimated to have fallen by about 40% over the same period, and there is still pressure to do so. By the end of May, the policy of immunization in and out of the island in Hainan had eased, and the recovery in the passenger-flow margin had also led to a slow recovery in the sale of duty-free shops, from 200 million yuan on mid-June (up-to-line plus below line) to an acceleration in the lower half of June, but was not expected to return fully to last year’s levels.
In view of this, we expect company q2 to outperform the impact of White Cloud Airport rents and estimate that the company ' s operator ' s performance has fallen by about 90 per cent + over the same period last year, and that the pressure is clear. Thus, considering that the q2 main business is expected to be significantly behind schedule, we expect that the company ' s business performance in 2022 will still need to be revised in comparison with our earlier projections.
Looking ahead to the second half of the year, Henan Province’s multi-collar recovery is expected to lead to a gradual recovery of the company’s main business in Hainan in the second half of the year, and to be relatively manageable in the near future. To accelerate the recovery from the epidemic, Hainan Province issued, at the end of April this year, the Hainan Province’s Opinions to Promote Consumption, which proposed $30 million in tax-exempts from the island.
In June, the programme of action to promote duty-free sales on the island in 2022 was established to improve integrated competitiveness by promoting the upgrading of tourist arrivals, promoting marketing and introducing new commodities. Meanwhile, on 10 June, the Department of the Interior launched a campaign in nine major tourist-source cities, namely Changsha, Shanghai and Chengdu, to attract tourists from outside the island and to provide some supplements through hotel accommodation.
Along with the above-mentioned initiatives in Hainan, the marginality of China’s duty-free sales has improved since June, and the base pressure is expected to ease in the second half of this year, especially after August, and the second half of Hainan Tourism Market, especially the Hainan Free Market, is still expected to perform. And, in the light of our recent follow-up, while recent passenger flows have not fully recovered, the company’s sales promotion discounts are relatively manageable, ranging from three to eight discounts, which vary widely from sales promotions in the second half of last year.
The new sea port project is expected to be launched by the end of the year, and the new sea port project, which is expected to be launched in mid-year at Sea Bay No. 2, will be launched next year. The new sea port project will hopefully become the largest international tax-free business complex in Asia in the future, with the largest whiskey museum in the world, a number of international flagships and front shops, and a combination of high-end shopping and leisure experiences.
Needs, more than 500 collaborative brands have been identified as of April this year, and more than 800 future brands are expected to be opened by the end of this year, with the expected completion of Seagate Bay Phase 2 by June 2023, and the expected arrival of future flavour-rich and even luxury cards. Taken together, this will be accompanied by the opening of Seagate Free City and Seagate Bay Phase 2 in the future.
With the expansion of the duty-free market, Hainan is expected to further expand its area of operation from the island to nearly 500,000 m2, and Hainan is expected to actively expand the cake, while it is expected that it will have a free layout of nearly 300,000 m2, which is the absolute backbone of Hainan's tax-free expansion for almost one to two years, while expanding Hainan's duty-free cake, it is also expected to continue to strengthen its position in the Hainan market.
Investment proposals: Guangzhou airport rents are re-arranged, q2 q2 is still available in Hainan in the second half of the year, despite disturbances, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, combining the multifactorial effects of q2 airport rent run-backs, q2 recurring periods of closure, exchange rate depreciation (see the two preceding analysis), and we make a one-time lease run-off and reduce the pressure on rent security in the next few years. While q2 operations are expected to be under pressure, it is the saddest at the moment.
Despite the modest increase in competition, the company’s subjective dynamics are being fully released, positive online linkages are being made, and supply chains and operational capabilities are being upgraded. In the second half of this year and mid-year of next year, the company’s new Henan project is expected to begin, and its Hainan tax-free position and competitive position are expected to be further consolidated.
The authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, independence, objectivity, impartiality and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence; and that the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.