2201 Improved profit margin ring, the epidemic affected operations in March - the tax-exit policy dividend continues to ferment, and the income of Hainan is growing at a high rate. It benefits from the 20-year tax-exempt policy dividend and the income of Hainan is growing at a high rate, with the Gulf of Haiyan earning 355.1
In Shanghai, China achieved 12,491 million yuan and reduced 9.02 per cent, while China achieved 1.907 billion yuan in Japan, which led to a decline in the Māori rate. As a result of the epidemic and the increase in the discount rate, the rate fell in 21 years.
The new rental agreement resulted in a significant decrease in the cost of sales. 21 years of sales costs were reduced by 11.11 pct to 5.71 per cent, mainly as a result of the implementation of the new rental agreement in the north, the go-to airport, and the Beijing airport rent recovery, with administrative costs increasing by 0.21 pct to 3.32 per cent; and financial costs increasing by 1.09 pct to -0.06 per cent.
In 21 years, the company achieved a net return of 100 million yuan and an operating profit of 7,774 million yuan. The total net interest rate of the company increased by 259 pct to 14.26 per cent. The split shows that the net return of 4,168 million yuan, or 40.46 per cent, was realized in the Bay.
The net interest rate is equal to 2.18 pct to 11.74 per cent; the ocean is exempt from realizing a net return of $793 million to return the same increase, to reverse the loss and realize a net return of $1.381 billion, with net interest rates increasing from 48.40 per cent to $1 billion, or 7.45 per cent. Of this total, revenue of $13.1 billion, or about 20 per cent, was realized in January-February.
As a result, the tax-free city of Sanya International closed on 3-7 March. The net interest rate of 22q1 was 15.3 per cent, with about 18.3 per cent in 1-February, and the rate of Māori for 21q1-22q1 quarter, respectively, was NDPC.
I'd like you to meet me, cindasecuritiesco. ltd House No. 1, 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing City. Investment proposal: 22q1 performance meets expectations, profit ring significantly improved, stabilized in January-February.
Growth, affected by the Sanya epidemic in March, and a decline in income. Given the many recurrent outbreaks in the q2 country, Fan Xinxing, cfa, who worked in the Chinese-Thai and Chinese-Sino-Sino-Sang International securities, his team won the third place of new wealth in 2015 and the fourth place in 2016.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.