Lithium resources have seen high performance, and the 2027 strategic plan highlights strategic ambition.
Billion dollars, or 427.8 per cent more in the same year; 24.13 billion yuan in net return to the mother, or 100.5 per cent more in the same year; and deductions and deductions Analysis and judgement: holding on top of the world's lithium resources, deep protection rivers contribute considerable profits to the company, \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
This has led to a significant increase in performance, with companies producing the best annual performance in history. (1) Volume: Lithium salt production in 2022. Qiuzu sales of 759,000 tons, an increase of 37.7 per cent and inventory of 296,000 tons, an increase of 51.1 per cent. (2)
Prices: Lithium salt sold in 2022 at an average cost of $4.304 million per ton, at an average cost of $60.9 million per ton, benefiting from the full self-sufficiency of resources, and the cost of lithium salt is low. (3) Subsidiaries and investment returns: corporate investment returns in 2022 totalled $7.846 billion, of which shareholdings sqm received investment returns of up to $5.641 billion, and companies
The company’s controlling subsidiary, tlea, purchased all shares of the shares and acquired 100% ownership of the Pioneerdome lithium mine project, which is located in Western Australia.
The core lithium belt of the yilgarncraton gold mining site in eastern Great Britain. Lithium ore resources amounted to 11.2 million tons, with a grade of 1.16 per cent, a total of 12.9 million tons of lithium oxide equivalent, which amounted to 31,866 tons of lce equivalent, with the 1-day lithium industry (002466.sz) for the year and half 2022
Performance rating: Performance is bright, and lithium resources are back on their way to expansion, helping to expand the company’s reserves of lithium mineral resources. Some ambition is highlighted. (1) The company will continue to build up the upstream lithium resource layout in the future, with an open and cooperative attitude.
q1 Quarterly: high performance in terms of volume and lithium resources Focus on high-quality lithium resource projects worldwide; (2) steady implementation of the company ' s lithium product expansion plan, aiming to achieve a three-day annual lithium industry performance forecast: significant growth in performance.
The ability of lithium chemical products to produce about 300,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalents in 2027 will further leverage the global lithium resource giants of the Association ' s performance to accelerate release period - 2022/Same effect. (3) The company will focus heavily on opportunities to move up and down the industrial chain and continuously optimize its portfolio.
Good industry chain layouts, companies will continue to strategically deploy new energy materials in the new energy value chain and the next generation of battery technology manufacturers, including solid-state batteries, and to engage in deeper partnerships with them, for example in such operations as pre-vector production, battery recycling, and focus on investment opportunities in electric automobiles and storage applications (4).
Continue to expand the global business profile of companies and expand the global client base; (5) strengthen R & D capabilities and enhance the core technological reserves of lithium batteries in the value chain, and companies will continue to move towards a “technology transition”.
\triangleright 1 reports 2022 and annual performance innovation reports 2022: 40,449 million won in 2022, an increase over the previous year
2 Reductions in financial costs, a significant decrease in asset-liability ratios, and a decrease in financial costs during the lead-up period. The company ' s three fees were dominated by financial costs. In 2022, while the financial costs fell, the company strictly controlled expenditure on the various links, and despite a significant increase in revenue collection, sales were made.
and management costs have remained stable from 54.19 per cent in 2020 to 2.67 per cent in 2022 and 41.71 per cent, mainly due to the increase in port incidental and insurance costs as a result of the increased volume of lithium products; administrative costs of $37,709,000, a decrease of 16.93 per cent in the same year; and financial costs of $67,475,400, a decrease of 61.02 per cent in the same year.
This is due to early repayment of the loan loan, lower interest costs, and higher exchange rate earnings. On a quarterly basis, the total cost for the 2022q4 period was $333.0493 million, a decrease of $30.361 million over the same period.
From the point of view of financial capacity, the global new energy vehicle landscape continued, with companies’ major lithium products rising in volume and volume leading to higher performance. In 2022, companies achieved a net cash flow of $20,298 million in operating activities, an increase of $18,203 million. In 2022, companies listed their shares, and raised funds prioritized for reimbursement of mergers and acquisitions.
Downstream demand is strong, and catalytic performance has increased significantly. 3.1 product angle: lithium product volumes are up, profitability is up, lithium demand is up downstream, lithium product harvests are up and up. The company’s main products include lithium concentrate and lithium.
Salt (including lithium metal), in 2022, the global new energy vehicle landscape increased, lithium ion battery manufacturers accelerated production expanded, downstream positive material orders flourished, and corporate lithium product harvests and Māori increased significantly. In 2022, the company’s lithium concentrate business achieved a revenue of $15,439 million, an increase of 483.90 per cent, and its revenue contribution increased by 483.90 per cent.
Lithium products have risen in volume, with significant cost advantages for self-supporting lithium resources. 1) Price: according to Asian Metalnet data, battery-grade lithium carbonate averaged 486.4 million yuan per ton in 2022, an increase of 299.34 per cent in the same year, battery-grade lithium hydroxide averaged $469.6 million per ton, an increase of 295.62 per cent in the same year. The average sale price for corporate lithium salt in 2022 was 430.5 million.
The increase in the number of lithium mines in transit and in the scale of processing outside the country, and the increase in the company ' s reserves of lithium mines. 3) Ben: The average cost of lithium salt in public domain in 2022 was 60.9 million yuan per tonne, benefiting from the complete self-sufficiency of lithium mines, with significant cost advantages. 3.2 subsidiary perspective: a significant increase in Green Bush ' s performance contribution and sqm investment.
Green Bush’s production has risen steadily, and the expansion of capacity is on the agenda. By indirectly controlling the world’s largest and highest-grade lithium-producing Lithium-Burbush-Girl-Purpose project through Venfield, the company’s capacity has been growing. 1) Capability: there are currently four lithium-producing plants in GreenBush, with a combined capacity of 1.62 million tonnes/year.
Establishment of Class III processing plant with a design capacity of 520,000 tonnes/year, expected to be completed by March 2025; Té Lisson also plans to start construction of Class IV processing plant in 2025 with a design capacity of 520,000 tonnes, initially scheduled for completion in 2027; 2) Production: 134,8000 lithium quartz in 2022 from the Green Bush lithium mine
(a) Tons, 41 per cent more than the same year, of which 2022q4 produced 3,79 million dry tons of lithium quarries, an increase of 5 per cent in ring comparison, or 46 per cent more. 3) Cost: 22q4 sales cost of AUS$ 263/ton, or 4 per cent more ring scale. Igo ' s lithium product volume rose at a full price and lithium and derivative plates generated $8,153 million, an increase of 771 per cent;
Green Bush’s performance rose significantly from year to year, and sqm contributed significant investment returns. In 2022, there was a steady rise in the mineral volume of Green Bush’s lithium, with small fluctuations in cash costs, leading to a company-owned subsidiary, Wenfield, in 2022.
The company sqm benefited from a sharp increase in the volume of lithium products, with a net profit of $26.56 billion in 2022, an increase of the same year, and a sustained expansion of top global resources, with strategic planning for the next five years highlighting ambition.
The company's lithium mining is mainly carried out by Greenbush, owned by the Australian holding subsidiary Tyllison, and the fully-owned Chinese Sichuan Yajiang Tsola mine. The processing and sale of lithium concentrates on the controlling subsidiary Tyllison, the production and sale of lithium chemical products through Sichuan shooting at Hong Kong, Jiangsu Zhang, Chongqing copper beams and Australasia.
According to the production in 2021, the company’s owned subsidiary, Telison, is the world’s largest producer of lithium, while the company is the world’s fourth largest producer of lithium chemical products and the second largest producer in Asia. The company’s deep-drawing lithium industry has been operating for many years, with numerous lithium resource projects at home and abroad.
In May 2014, the company completed the acquisition of 51% of the shares of the Australian company Telison, which acquired the controlling and part of the product of the Green Bush lithium mine, and 50% of the interest of the Chilean Lake Seven Salt. In August 2014, the company acquired 20% of the shares of the Zabuje lithium industry held by the Tibetan mining industry.
In December 2018, the company acquired part of the Atacama Lithium Salt Lake by acquiring shares in the Chilean company sqm. The Greenbush Lithium Pioneer Mine is the world’s highest-grade and largest-stocked lithium-producing project, and the Atacama Salt Lake under the sqm is the largest salt lake in the world.
At the end of the reporting period, the company had completed the layout of the world’s best-quality lithium mine and lithium salt lake resources. The company currently has the world’s largest and highest-grade lithium mine, the Lithium Bush Luminite Mine, through the Australian holding subsidiary Venfield.
At the end of 2022, the mine had an annual capacity of 1.62 million tons, with a total production of 1.35 million tons of lithium concentrate in 2022. According to the latest figures for the fourth quarter of 2022 from Wood McKenzie, the Green Bush site was the largest lithium mine in 2022.
At the same time, the company, in the form of equity participation, through the Chilean company Sqm, the Ata Khama project, which has one of the largest global reserves of lithium salt, has a stock of about 45.51 million tonnes of lce, at concentrations exceeding 1,500 mg/l, and a lithium ratio of only 6:1 magnesium, which is the highest in the world. According to data from Wood McKenzie, in the fourth quarter of 2022, Atacama is projected to be in the world.
The project will be the Lithium Salt Lake, the world’s largest producer of energy and production in 2022. As the project is located in the Atacama desert, with a high evaporation rate and scarce precipitation in the geographic environment, it is well suited to saline halogenation, so sqm uses the most basic carbonate sedimentation method for lithium, and costs are low in the industry.
Figure 21: The company’s global lithium resource and smelting capacity deployments continue to expand and grow in the future. The company’s controlled Australian subsidiary, Telison, is currently operating in four lithium-producing concentrate processing plants, namely, Chemical Class I processing plants, the Limbus lithite mining project.
Chemical Class II processing plants, tailing reprocessing plants (as above for 6% of raw-product-grade lithium concentrate products) and technology-level plants (as for low-iron-grade lithium concentrate products at raw-product-level 5.0% to 7.2%). Chemical Class II processing plants and tailing reprocessing plants are currently in the production-capability slope phase.
With a capacity of 1.62 million tons, 1.35 million tons of lithium concentrate in 2022, the chemical-grade lithium concentrate produced 1.2 million tons a year for re-processing of lithium chemical products for sale to shareholders; the technical-grade lithium concentrate produced 150,000 tons in 2022. At the same time, Telison is also stepping up the construction of a chemical-grade 3 processing plant with a design capacity.
520,000 tonnes/year, expected to be completed in March 2025, and project construction is proceeding in an orderly manner. In addition, Telison plans to start construction of Class 4 chemical processing plant in 2025, with a design capacity of 520,000 tonnes, and initial steps to complete production in 2027.
The company’s joint venture with igo plans or expands its future smelting capacity to 96,000 tonnes/year. According to the supply agreement for the chemical-grade lithium concentrates signed by Telison and the shareholders, the chemical-grade lithium concentrate miners produced by Telison are to be sold to the Tianqi lithium industry and Yapo. (In July 2021, the company’s subsidiary tlea introduced strategic investors.)
Following the completion of the trade in igo, the chemical-grade lithium concentrate acquisition rights of the Tianqi lithium industry were inherited by tlea, the lithium concentrates purchased by Tlea from Terry Sen were prioritized to meet the tlk requirements, the remaining amount met the domestic plant and surrogate processing requirements of the Tianqi lithium industry, and igo did not have preferential rights to lithium concentrate), of which the chemical lithium concentrates purchased by Tianqi lithium industry were used primarily for its own use.
Igo published the latest Quinana Smelting Energy Expansion Plan, and the two-stage fid is expected to be made in Fy 2024, and will decide further whether to supply the company ' s lithium or lithium compounds in the first place in the world, depending on the market. The company is the world ' s largest producer of lithium ore.
The Greenbush Lithite Project under the control of Venfield has mining rights for the world’s largest-yielding lithium mine. According to the 2022 lithium mineral volume data released by Wood McKenzie in the fourth quarter of 2022, Terry Sam’s lithium concentrate in 2022 accounted for 35% of total global lithium concentrate production.
The company is also the world’s fourth largest producer of lithium compounds, Asia and China. The company has a number of established lithium-commodity production bases at home and abroad, located in Sichuan shooting flood, Chongqing copper beams, Jiangsu-gang Harbour, and Quinana, Australia (phase I). The company also owns, in the form of equity participation, 22.16% of Chile’s sqm.
The second largest shareholder, indirectly benefiting from the resource development and production of lithium compounds in the world’s largest lithium salt lake. According to data released in the fourth quarter of 2022 by Wood McKenzie, the production of lithium chemical products attributed to companies in 2022 accounted for 9.5% of total global production.
Figure 25: The company is the world’s largest producer of lithium, the world’s leading producer of lithium in 2022. Lithium salt smelting end opens the global layout, with future expansion of capacity.
Lithium compound production bases were constructed in Sichuan shooting flood, Chongqing copper beam, Jiang Su Jiao Harbour and Kwai Na Na Na Naa, Australia, currently producing 6.88 million tonnes/year of combined lithium chemical products, including: 1) 145,000 tonnes of carbon acid from flood shooting plants, 5,000 tonnes of annual lithium hydroxide production, 4500 tonnes of annual lithium chloride production, and 4500 tonnes of lithium metal production.
Two hundred tons of capacity; (2) Zhang's port plant is the only fully automated battery currently in full operation worldwide; Lithium carbonate class plant has 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate production capacity; 3) copper beam factory has 600 tons of lithium metal production capacity; and (4) the Australian Quinana plant (phase I) is the first fully automated battery-level hydrogen oxidation in operation worldwide.
Lithium plant, which currently has a battery-grade capacity of 24 million tons of lithium hydroxide, and a phase of the project, which is still in the process of climbing capacity, is also under construction in Sichuan, where the company is constructing a 20,000 tons battery-grade lithium carbonate project, and plans to restart the Quinana plant with a second phase of 24,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide project to further upgrade the company ' s medium-term lithium chemical product production to a higher capacity.
Over the years, the company ' s lithium product processing operations have grown and now have long-term and proven efficient and successful operations, and the company has built up a leading role in the domestic lithium industry, thanks to its expertise and overstretched strength.
Figure 26: Global lithium salt production by company Global lithium product combined energy profile by company (tonnes per year)
Lissen’s forward production planning is expected to reach 2.66 million tons/year, and this project is currently under preparation. Entering the global flagship business supply chain and stabilizing downstream customer relations.
Through the determined efforts of the sales team and the coverage of sales, long-term relationships have been established with many of the world’s excellent lithium end-users. Companies have a stable pool of high-quality customers, including, among others, top global battery manufacturers, battery material producers, multinational electronics companies and glass producers.
According to Wood McKenzie, the company’s products are supplied to three of the world’s five largest lithium ion pool manufacturers, as well as six of the world’s 10 leading material manufacturers.
The Division maintains a stable relationship with most clients. The company is also integrated into its own research and development work, including its commitment to the development of long-lived, energy-intensive, reliable and safe batteries, which is one of the important suppliers to many customers.
With high-quality and stable performance, companies can continue to develop and maintain long-term customer relations. Launching the Strategic Plan for the next five years (2023-2027), with a forward capacity of 300,000 tons, the company ' s strategy and the capacity and advantages of the processing industry, continuing to tap upstream and high-quality lithium resources and expanding the processing of lithium chemical products
Production capacity, expansion of downstream industrial chain cooperation and derivative opportunities, and increased market access in related areas of the company, guided by the use of electric vehicles, vehicle and storage applications, industry-wide chain penetration, and active linkages up and down to achieve carbon abatement synergies, while helping to address climate change while working to become a technology-based, high-value-added enterprise.
(1) The company will continue to build on the upstream lithium resource layout in the future, with an open and cooperative approach, to continue to focus on high-quality lithium resource projects worldwide; (2) to steadily implement the company ' s lithium product expansion plan, aiming to achieve the capacity of lithium-chemical products of about 300,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent by 2027, and to further exploit the synergies in the industrial chain. (3) The company will
With regard to the industrial chain, the company will continue its strategic deployment of new energy materials in the new energy value chain and the next generation of battery technology manufacturers, including solid-state batteries, and will engage in deeper partnerships with them, for example, in front-loading production, electricity.
Cooperation in such operations as pool recycling, focusing on investment opportunities in electric vehicles and storage applications. (4) Continued expansion of the global business layout of large companies and expansion of the global client base; (5) enhancement of R & D capabilities and enhancement of the core technological reserve of the lithium battery value chain, and companies will continue to maintain their “technology transition” orientation; (6) optimization of governance systems and push
With sustainable development and increasing high-quality growth of listed companies, 5 profit projections and investment proposals, companies will expand their lithium salt production significantly in the future, while smelting capacity expands in parallel with the best in the world.
Qualitative lithium resources have a clear cost advantage under integration, and performance is expected to remain high when capacity is released. 1) Demand is not as high as expected. The company’s future productive capacity expands significantly, and if downstream demand falls short of expectations, the sale of the company’s products will be affected and the company’s performance will be adversely affected.
If it falls, the company’s profits will decline significantly. 3) The project itself is not as expected. There are more projects under construction, and if production is put in place on time, the company’s future growth will decline dramatically, and this will hit the company’s profits.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.