Overseas capacity is growing, storage power is on its way, and the Pacific Securities Institute's new energy team is on its way.
On March 15, 2024, 1, 2024, the old PV component leader, the component, the storage capacity and the two-wheel drive, drove performance growth. The company was established in 2009 to cover the development, production and sale of silicon, battery and the component, and to provide a comprehensive system solution, including inverters, solar systems, and epc services.
Fifth, by 30 June 2023, cumulatively 2,134 patents had been obtained, and companies had focused continuously on improving the performance and reliability of their components, adhering to autonomous R & D and innovation, and mastering a core technological system with autonomous intellectual property rights.2 The company’s globalized production, and clear access advantages, are expected to fully enjoy the high growth of the U.S. photovoltaic market.
According to Solarpowerworld in January 2024, American home-grown photovoltaic components produce 26.02gw, of which Attus 5gw capacity is climbing, and the United States home-grown capacity cannot meet its component needs. With the company’s home-grown United States, the company’s viscosity and billing capacity will increase further, and it is expected to benefit fully from the high growth of the United States photovoltaic market.
3. Holding shareholders are rich in hand-held energy projects and companies are actively expanding their production capacity. As of 30 September 2023, the Atres Group ' s global reserve of energy projects had a total stock of about 55 gwh, of which 5 gwh were under construction and in the late stages of project development, and about 50 gwh was under early/medium project development. The company ' s large-scale solbank production line in Salt City has been successfully offline, with production capacity of over 10 gwh at the end of 2023 and production capacity at the end of 2024.
In addition, companies have expanded their marketing and service networks to markets such as Japan, Australia, and South America, preparing for future performance growth.
In June 2023, Csiq was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange’s venture board, holding an equity stake of 62.24%. Csisolal’s operations covered the development, production and marketing of silicon, battery and components, and provided comprehensive system solutions, including reverses, solar energy systems and epc services. In recent years, the company has been ranked fifth in the world in the delivery of components, with 2,134 patents accumulated as of 30 June 2023, and the company has been constantly focusing on enhancing the performance and reliability of components.
Autonomous R & D and innovation have mastered a core technological system with autonomous intellectual property rights.
The company’s main business consists of photovoltaic components, photovoltaic applications. The company’s core business is the development, production and sale of crystalline silicon photovoltaic components, while building on the component industry, extending to the field of photovoltaic applications solutions, which include large-scale storage energy products, household storage energy products, photovoltaic system operations, and photovoltaic power station engineering epc operations.
The business of the photovoltaic system includes photovoltaic inverters and storage pcs products. The old component leader, the core team is experienced and the company’s equity structure is concentrated. Csiq, the controlling shareholder, holds 62.24% of the company’s equity, and the actual controlling person is Mr. Xiaoqiao Xiaohua, who owns Qinghua.
Bachelor of Arts, Master of Physics (Manitoba University, Canada), Doctor of Science in Semiconductor Materials (University of Toronto, Canada), with more than 20 years of technical research and management experience in photovoltaic enterprises, rich experience in the photovoltaic industry, outstanding cross-cultural communication capabilities and a broad internationalization perspective.
Figure: Corporate equity structures are more centralized, leading firms with older components, core team experience, company core management and R & D personnel are highly qualified. Corporate core management and technicians have more than 10 years of technological R & D experience in the photovoltaic industry, many of which are at the core.
As of 31 December 2022, the company had 760 research and development staff who were able to support the company’s technological innovation and product development.
Corporate revenue continues to grow, costs and cost controls are prominent, and income from photovoltaic component products, and photovoltaic applications are the company’s two main business. Companies have separated from overseas power station development and operations since 2019, accounting for 82% and 17% of the revenue, respectively; Māori rates, since 2019, are the company’s income from photovoltaic component products, and Māori from photovoltaic applications.
All of them are in an overall downward trend, largely due to factors such as higher upstream raw material costs, sustained growth in corporate incomes, high cost and cost-control capacity, rising maritime transport costs and the impact of epidemiological factors, followed by a gradual reduction in negative factors and a return to normal levels of corporate profitability in 2022.
Realization of business income of $39.119 billion, an increase of 17.05 per cent over the same period; realization of a net return to the mother of $2.840 billion, an increase of 126.02 per cent over the same period, with performance mainly due to a marked increase in the volume of goods delivered and a decrease in the cost of raw materials, shipping, etc.
Corporate revenue continues to grow, costs and cost controls are prominent, and corporate cost and cost controls are prominent. In 2018-2022, corporate sales, management and financial cost rates as a whole showed a continuing downward trend, mainly as a result of more flexible inventory management based on fluctuations in raw material prices, increased cost control capacity, and good corporate cost controls, one.
The demand for ground power stations has risen significantly, and China is expected to maintain a relatively high growth rate. According to the National Energy Agency, the number of new light volts installed in China in 2023 was 216.88gw, an increase of 148.12% in the same year. With the sharp drop in the price of components, the rate of return on the end of the plant’s investment has risen significantly, domestic demand for ground power stations has risen rapidly, with the domestic concentration of light voltage in the first half of 2023 being 47.77%, up from 44.95% in 2022.
Technological advances, the phase-out of p-type production capacity, the expected steady price of the components, the continued high rate of return on the power plant ' s investment end, and the continued growth of the demand for photovoltaics. Considering a certain level of dissipation, as well as the high pressure on the grid, it is difficult to fully release the domestic demand for photovoltaics, and the expected deceleration in 2024 of the increase in the number of additional photovoltaics in the country, there is still room for higher growth in the industry over the next three years.
There is still much room for growth in the EU light voltage. In 2022, the EU light voltage installed 41gw increased by 47%, with Germany installing the largest 7.9gw, followed by Spain with 7.5gw, and the energy crisis driving the rapid growth of European light voltage. Solarpowereure predicts that, as a result of the energy crisis, high electricity prices in Europe, although there are some bottlenecks in the installation of workers in Europe, this will not constitute a core constraint, and in neutral circumstances, the EU's new light voltage in 2023-2026 is expected to increase.
The long-term goal of the Paris Agreement is to keep the increase in global average temperature relative to pre-industrial levels within 1.5 degrees Celsius, a target that could be broken and that the EU countries might accelerate the process of double carbon, with optimism that the EU’s new photovoltaics for 2023-2026 could reach 68-119gw. Pessimistic assumptions are that the EU’s new light voltage for 2023-2026 could reach 43-67gw, possibly in the face of supply chain problems or increased trade barriers.
After a fast increase in 2022, the European photovoltaic market, even with a high installed engine base, is expected to double in 2026, and the industry is expected to grow at a consistently higher rate. Figure: Medium projection of new EU photovoltaics in 2026 doubles 2022
Figure: EU Photovoltaic Conduits are expected to maintain a relatively high rate of growth in 2022-2026. The demand for additional photovoltaics worldwide is strongly supported. cpia projects about 345-390gw in 2023, an increase of about 50-70% over the same period, and we expect that global photovolves will continue to grow at a higher rate in 2024.
20.2gw, equivalent to 14.4 per cent, followed by the warming of the U.S. photovoltaic market, which, according to the Worldmackenzie and Seaa, is projected to be about 32gw in 2023 and is expected to continue to increase at a higher rate in 2024. Moreover, the rapid growth of non-European and American markets, with the sharp drop in the price of components, high demand for photovoltaic components in areas such as Brazil, India, South Africa and the Middle East, is more certain.
Global channels, production and capacity layouts are expected to benefit fully from high-growth, old-fashioned players in the United States market, and there is a clear advantage in the global distribution. Companies have long been part of a global component supplier, “first-tier” of components, and from 2020 to 2022, have formed market brand teams in Italy and Germany to market branding around a segmented business, and to promote branding in the global market.
Quality markets abroad, taking advantage of firms' strengths in product performance and quality, brands and channels, obtaining sales premiums and building barriers to competition.
Global channels, production and distribution are expected to benefit fully from the high growth of the United States market, which is high in value and high in size. The introduction in 2022 of the United States of such bills as the components counter-abuse, which affected the import of its components, was only 18.4gw, down 23% from the same year. With the introduction of theira Act, the United States market is expected to return to high growth, but because of its policy-side constraints, the U.S. Photovolt group is expected to return to high growth.
According to the February 2024 infolink offer, China’s photovoltaic component product is worth about US$ 0.12/w, while the US component single-watt offer is as high as US$ 0.32/w, and the premium is about US$ 0.20/w. According to Woodmackenize data, South-East Asia in 2022 and China’s home-grown component manufacturing unit cost is US$ 0.24 and 0.26, respectively, the main difference is the cost of raw materials.
And the uflpa policy is clear, and companies with current American channels and production patterns are expected to fully enjoy the premium. Figure: Differences in local manufacturing costs for components in 2022 (usd/w) Figure: Global price comparisons of market components in February 2024
Global channels, production and distribution are expected to benefit fully from the high growth in the United States market, production capacity is steadily advancing, and the company’s U.S. component capacity is already on the slope. In light-voltaic capacity, the company’s new battery capacity is based on the n-topcon technology, of which the host base’s new planned topcon battery capacity is 16gw, with one issue of 8gw coming into production in April 2023; and the Yan state base’s first phase of 14gwtopcon battery production is now in production.
It is expected that by the end of 2024, the company ' s silicon/silicon/cell block/assembly production will reach 50/50/60/60gw, respectively. According to Solarpowerworld, January 2024, the U.S. home-grown photovoltaic component produced 26.02gw, of which Lungi and Artes 5gw each are climbing in the slopes, the U.S. home-grown capacity will not be able to meet U.S. assembly needs.
The field’s viscosity and billing capacity will be further enhanced, and it is expected to benefit fully from the high growth in the U.S. photovoltaic market.
Launching large-scale solbank storage products, the company actively expands its capacity. The company’s large-scale storage capacity is positioned as a value-added service provider for systems integrators, project contractors (epc), long-term maintenance services, the company’s construction of a large-scale solbank energy production line in Salt City, the first products have been successfully offline, the production capacity of more than 10 gwh is expected to be available by the end of 2023 and the capacity expanded further to 20gwh by the end of 2024.
Premiums, intelligence, modularization, ease of installation, small space occupancy and high-flexibility advantages. The company planned a new energy light-storage whole-sector chain project at the Yangzhou base to prepare for the high-speed growth of future storage system integration operations.
As of 30 September 2023, the stockholdings of the Atres Group had a total stock of about 55 gwh, of which 5 gwh were under construction and in the advanced stages of project development, and about 50 gwh were in the early/medium term of project development. As of 14 November 2023, the company was already in the process of developing a reserve.
The company signed a storage system supply agreement with a number of well-known overseas institutions, such as Pulsecleenengery, Blackstone, and British ceregeneration. While upgrading sales and service capacity in mature markets such as the United States and Europe, the company expanded its distribution and service networks to such markets as Japan, Australia, and South America, and has obtained orders for future performance growth.
Table: csiq Global Project Reserve (mwh) Key assumptions: (1) With rapid growth in demand for components, both within and outside the sea, firms are expected to continue to grow at a rapid pace, based on global production capacity and channel layout advantages. Table: Comparable companype valuation (based on consistent expectations in ifind, collected on 14 March 2024)
1. The demand for light voltage is not as high as expected;2 and the overseas market is not expanding as expected;
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a unified social credit code: 9153300007571659820.