Two wings, wings up and running, Attez's in-depth report. The Attass Group was founded in 2001 by Dr. Xiaojing, with a global reach, a high proportion of overseas deliveries, and a high volume of photovoltaic components.
The company’s main business is a photovoltaic component, a photovoltaic application solution, and a three-pronged operation, of which the component business contributes nearly 80% as the main force. The chairman has more than 20 years of photovoltaic research and development and management experience, a wealth of industry experience, and a wide view of internationalization. The company’s management also has, for the most part, overseas study and work experience, and has an advantage in the management capacity and experience of internationalization operations, providing a good basis for the company’s internationalization.
The company, as a leading company in the photovoltaic industry, was listed as early as 2006, and the subsidiary, csi Solar, successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange Board in June 2023, further widening its access to finance. The pattern of division of labour in the photovoltaic main industrial chain is breaking, with integrated manufacturers becoming the mainstream. Companies have a deep technological reserve for type N batteries, just as the industry is about to complete the upgrading of the p-to-n batteries.
China’s photovoltaic enterprises have contributed significantly to industrial progress, supply the entire world, and companies have accelerated the pace of overseas construction to meet market demand. Horizontal development has been actively pursued to open up storage markets.
The Division, in combination with its own strengths, has built 10 gwh storage capacity and built up solbank and epcube storage energy products, which in 2022 accounted for 7.32% of the energy system. Working with corporate groups, actively expanding markets in the United States, Europe, and Australia, with orders of $2.6 billion signed as of 14 November 2023, including long-term service contracts, provides a good basis for long-term development of storage capacity.
Investment proposals: The company is a well-known firm in the photovoltaic industry, operating the global market over the long term, with core competitiveness. The firm’s performance will continue to grow at a rapid pace, taking into account the expected slowdown in the photovoltaic industry in 2024-2025; the expected intensification of the installation in 2024; risks such as the failure of the company’s production capacity; the failure of the measurement model; deviations in key assumptions; and other factors of force majeure.
It's a long-standing, profitable industry with a consistently innovative market, a global layout, and an advantage in overseas markets.
Technology leads, returns to a unit and accelerates integration, combined strength, overseas reserves, long history and profitability.
The photovoltaic industry continues to have a high level of innovation, global layout, and overseas markets are superior, technology is ahead, and a share is returning to faster integration.
In the past two decades, Attics has become the solution to solar energy and storage energy.
As of the end of June 2023, companies were operating in more than 30 countries with more than 20,000 employees. Csisolar, a subsidiary of Atsiq, was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange Board in June 2023, with csiq holding 62.24% of the stake in csisolar.
Attic holds 100 per cent ownership of recurrencenergy (by June 2023), recurrencenergy is one of the world ' s leading developers of clean energy projects, of which 1.8 gwh is under construction, 6.0gwh is under development and 18.7gwh is under development. In addition, the company has a reserve of battery energy projects totalling 55 gwh as of 30 September 2023.
Corporate concentration, structure stability, corporate concentration, structure stability. As of the third quarter of 2023, corporate controlling shareholder csiq held a direct ownership of 62.24% of the shares of the Atres Sun Power Group.
Xiaoxiao, Chairman of the Internationalization Management Team, is a Bachelor of Arts degree from Qinghua University, a Master of Solid Physics from Manitoba University, Canada, and a Bachelor of Science degree in Semiconductor Materials from Toronto University. Xiao Xiao, Chairman of the Board, with more than 20 years of photovoltaic research and management experience, a wealth of light-voltage industry experience, outstanding cross-cultural communication capabilities and a vast country
Research and development teams are excellent. The company’s core technical staff have more than 10 years’ experience in technology research and development in the photovoltaic industry, and many of its core cadres hold positions related to iec, etc.
As of December 31, 2022, the company had 760 research and development staff, which provided strong support for the company’s technological innovation, innovation, and product development. In addition, the company had established mature teams in the supply chain, marketing, etc., bringing together excellence from around the world through the global layout of its operations.
The annual growth in operating income is attributed to a net profit of 2023q1-q3 from the mother, which is about 32 per cent on a year-to-year basis. The company's main business is a photovoltaic component, a photovoltaic application solution and the operation of three major sections, with components receiving around 80 per cent of its principal contribution. In 2021, the net profit fell significantly as a result of the price of silicon, the cost of shipping and the outbreak.
As of 20233, the company ' s operating income stood at 39.119 billion yuan, an increase of 17.05 per cent in the same year, the net profit attributable to the company ' s shareholders on the market increased by 2.84 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 31.68 per cent in the same year, a significant increase in the volume of shipments from the main photovoltaic components, an increase in the income of photovoltaic components, systems products, etc., a decrease in the combined unit cost of raw materials, freight, etc., and a significant increase in the same rate of Maori, as well as a significant increase in the net profit of the parent.
The business income of the company (2019-202303) (billion yuan) and the same ratio (%) of the reserve measures have reduced the Māori rate of the company ' s series of products from the impact of higher prices on the raw materials market, and have resulted in a positive outcome across the chain and product expansion, further increasing the Māori rate of photovoltaic component operations.
The higher Māori rate (%) for the company’s main business of 2018-2022 is due mainly to increased transportation, labour costs and associated exchange gains and losses from offshore sales. Limited access to finance leads to higher financial costs for the company.
In terms of R & D costs, R & D costs in the first three quarters of 2023 were $486 million, exceeding R & D costs throughout 2022. Companies have always attached great importance to R & D inputs, investing in N batteries and new technologies, and continuously consolidating their leading technological advantages.
208-2022 Sales, management, financial cost rates (%)
The global layout, the advantage of overseas markets, the technological lead, the return to a more integrated layout, the combined strength, the strength of overseas reserves.
According to eciu, as of 12 July 2023, 150 countries globally proposed a time frame for achieving carbon neutrality, covering 89 per cent of the global population, 88 per cent of emissions and 92 per cent of gdp.
Xi Jinping deposited China's approval of the new concept of development to make a good carbon peak, and we submit our response to climate change.
China's first announcement of the idea of greenhouse gas in China and work.
At the 75th session of the United Nations General Assembly, by 2030, carbon emission intensity will be high.
Renewable energy consumption Xi Jinping declared carbon dioxide (CO2) intensity of carbon emissions by 2020
To achieve the "double carbon" target, the top layer is 60% lower than in 2005 - emissions are to be reached by 2030.
Designed to identify 65% of carbon peaks, carbon peaks by 2030, clear renewables.
Energy conservation and industrial health development in the service sector.
Guidance to promote the application of vehicles” (Assumption (on a trial basis))
New Energy Motors Demonstrations of Some Opinions to Support New Energy Motors Revitalizations in the Villages and Villages
The 11th Five-Year Plan is based on low-cost Internet access.
“XIV” Plan “XII” Plan “XIII” Plan
Building on and upgrading new energy sources, building on new and emerging strategic industries, such as new energy vehicles, and accelerating the breakthrough of the new generation of new energy core technologies.
Establishment and improvement of new energy innovation systems, competitiveness of entire industrial chains, carbon neutral and prioritized strategic deployments in major developed countries and regions
Global Warming Response Advance Law Amendment Climate Change Act 2008 (2050 European Climate Law 2020)
Yearly Target Amendment (2019) Green New Deal Plan (2020) Climate-neutral and strategic vision for Europe (2018)
Green Growth Strategy 2050 Green Industrial Revolution 10-point plan for responding to the climate crisis at home and abroad
2050 Carbon Neutrality and Strategy (2020) Integrated Strategy Executive Order (2021)
Climate Change Package Carbon Medium and Implementation Plan 2021 Growth Strategy (2021)
Future Plan for Sustainable Infrastructure and Equitable and Clean Energy 2020 National Infrastructure Strategy
Road map for the hydrogen energy economy in Korea
Energy Integration Strategy 2020 White Paper on Energy: Promoting a Zero Carbon Future Basic Hydrogen Energy Strategy
The Clean Energy Revolution and Justice in the Environment Act for the Promotion of the Hydrogen Economy and the Management of Hydrogen Safety.
The British Hydrogen Strategy (2021) The Saving Power Challenge (2020) The Clean Future Act (2021)
New Industrial Strategy 2020 Industrial Carbon Decarbonization Strategy (2021) Revolving Economic Action Plan (2020)
Transport decarbonization programme (2021) Innovation strategies for innovation in environmental technologies Carbon neutrality and science, technology and innovation promotion strategies
2030 Biodiversity Strategy Net Zero Innovative Portfolio Plan Forest Strategy (2021)
Photovoltaic is one of the most potentially renewable sources of energy. According to iia, the share of renewable energy will rise to 50 per cent by 2030. In the established policy scenario (steps), the installed capacity of renewable energy will increase 2.4 times and in the net zero-emission scenario (nze) by three times, with almost 95 per cent of the increase coming from solar photovoltaic and wind energy.
The International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) proposes to triple global renewable energy installed in 2030 and to triple energy efficiency. Renewable energy sources include ocean energy, geothermal, offshore wind, land-based wind, solar thermal power, photovoltaic, bioenergy, hydropower.
In 2022 and 2023, the production capacity of the country’s main manufacturing chain grew rapidly. According to China’s Association of Photovoltaic Industries, production of polycrystal silicon, silicon, batteries and components in 2022 reached 827,000 tons, 357gw, 318gw and 288.7gw, respectively, with an increase of more than 55% by the same year. In the 10 months before 2023, our production at the end of photovoltaic manufacturing was once again at an all-time high, with multiple crystal silicone production of about 114 million tons, silicon production of about 460gw and photovoltaic battery production of about 404gw.
Photovoltaic component production was about 367gw, at 86 per cent, 79 per cent, 74 per cent and 72 per cent respectively. 2021-2023 photovoltaic manufacturing chain output in October 2022-2023, compared with the increase in photovoltaic manufacturing in October 2022-2023 (%)
By the end of December, the country had a cumulative capacity of about 2.92 billion kilowatts, an increase of 13.9 per cent.
This represents an increase of 55.2 per cent; the wind and power installed capacity is about 440 million kW, or 20.7 per cent, compared to the previous year. In 2023, the country's 6,000 kW and more power plants used a cumulative average of 3,592 hours of power generation equipment, a decrease of 101 hours compared to the same period the previous year. The main power-generating enterprises invested 967.5 billion yuan, or 30.1 per cent, compared to the previous year.
Additional installed capacity for photovoltaic power generation in January-December 2022-2023 (gw) Additional installed capacity for photovoltaic power generation in 2018-2023 (gw) Additional installed capacity for photovoltaic power generation (gw) - year-on-year growth rate (%)
In the first three quarters of 2023, the domestic distribution of photovoltaics exceeded half a wall of mountains, in the first three quarters of 2023, the distribution of the types of domestic photovoltaic applications installed in the market (gw) and the structure of the domestic market in the past few years.
In 2023, in the first three quarters of the year, 52.1 per cent of the country's distributed photovoltaics, 67.14gw installed capacity, a 90 per cent increase in the same year.
Of this total, households used photovoltaic capacity of 32.98gw, an increase of 98.8 per cent over the same period, and businesses with photovoltaic capacity of 34.16gw, an increase of 82.3 per cent over the same period;
China's photovoltage capacity is 61.79 gw, compared to the situation in our domestic photovoltaic market (gw) in the third quarter of 2023.
The area is an assembly area where, due to the decrease in the cost of the components, distributed light-voltage machines are moving to less resource-ready but more economically developed regions.
In 2024, China is expected to maintain its high capacity, and in 2024 China is expected to maintain its high capacity.
Industry and business: In the context of the continued spread of power prices in the Peak Valley and the increasing willingness of owners to reserve, the average decline in electricity prices will have less impact on business light voltage and will increase steadily. Focus: in the next two years, the demand for centralized units will be built around the first, second, and third wave of windy base projects, with pipeline problems in the short term or redistribution of grid capacity through grid companies, with long-term high voltage requirements.
The complete construction of the delivery line will fully resolve the problem of removing bottlenecks. China’s quarterly photovolt additions data (gw, %) 2024 China’s photovolt addition projections (gw, %)
U.S. electricity surges, and U.S. photovoltaics are expected to grow at a high rate in 2023h1, while U.S. light volts add up to 11.8gw, a 37 per cent increase in the same year. In 23 h1, the import of components increased significantly to 24.4gw (mainly in India and South-East Asia), sustaining a high level of repair of ground power station loads and maintaining a high annual load demand.
In 2024, the U.S. is expected to grow. With the impact of higher penetration rates of electric vehicles, backflows of manufacturing, the demand for electricity in U.S. businesses is growing fast. U.S. electricity grid infrastructure is not growing fast enough to keep up with the increase in electricity use in the short term, and the construction of photovoltaic stations is running short, making it easier to cover the power gap.
Uncertainty will increase delivery expectations in the first half of 2024, while adding an additional allowance for itc for eligibility and process clarity over time, 24 years of light in the United States, and 2024 United States photovolts data (gw, %) for the U.S. Quarterly Adder (gw)
In 2024, global photovoltage was guaranteed, despite the volatility of supply chain prices and the complexity of the economic environment, and the size of the global photovolt manufacturing end remained very high in 2023. Global photovoltage installed 414gw is projected to grow by 80% in 2023, and 493gw is projected to grow by 19.08% in 2024, slowing the growth rate.
In four major regional markets, the demand for Asia-Europe’s installed aircraft has been growing steadily and steadily. The demand for installed aircraft in the United States has recovered significantly, which will lead to a higher rate of growth in the overall market in the Americas.
Global new load forecast (gw) has a long history of high profitability and high levels of innovation in the photovoltaic industry.
The global layout, the advantage of overseas markets, the technological lead, the return to a more integrated layout, the combined strength, the strength of overseas reserves.
The company is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of photovoltaic components, whose core business is the development, production and sale of photovoltaic components, and is dedicated to providing customers with products of high quality, technological leadership, and high value for money.
Operations such as epc, where photovoltaic systems are mainly the production and sale of distributed photovoltaic system products and their equipment and components, including distributed storage systems; large-scale storage system operations are value-added services such as research and development of large-capacity energy storage systems, systems integration, engineering contracting, maintenance, capacitors and electricity trades, which are applied to large-capacity energy systems on the side of the grid and at the side of the power source (mainly terrestrial photovoltaic stations); power station engineering operations such as the design of power station engineering projects, equipment procurement and installation calibration, etc.
Full-process construction services such as completion, inspection, and delivery. The world’s leading photovoltaic component supplier, based on the classification of global photovoltaic component manufacturers in Bloomberg’s new energy finance, has always been the global component supplier “first ladder”.
In recent years, companies have introduced large-scale silicon tablets and batteries, perc batteries, hjt batteries, topcon batteries, two-sided dual-protocol components, semi-dispensive components, mbb components, tiles, scaffold crystals, etc., with a wide range of innovative technologies and related products, and have systematically conducted patent layouts. The company ' s main component products are as follows:
Component product profile 2020-2022 Single crystals, multi-chip components received and percentage (billions, %) components delivered in the top five global rankings for 12 consecutive years
From the volume of components delivered in the first half of 2023, crystal energy, Lungi Green Energy, Skynet Energy, Crystal Australasia and Artes are members of the global photovoltaic component cr5, an old photovoltaic component giant. Crystal energy, with 30.8gw, is the only manufacturer in the world to deliver more than 30gw. In the first half of 2023, the market for photovoltaic components in China was 61 per cent, and the market in Cr10 was 82 per cent, with a smaller share of the top five firms and a more competitive industry.
Table (gw) Stocking of components: 2018-2023 Top10 (gw) Stock of components in 2023
By 2023h1, the company sold 14.3gw solar components to 92 countries. The top three markets were the Americas, China, and Europe.
Distribute quality markets abroad, take advantage of the company's performance and quality of products, brands and channels, obtain sales premiums and build barriers to competition to keep the Māori rate in line.
European markets have maintained a strong growth trend, with 57 per cent more than in the same year, with higher rates in large-scale power stations and commercial power outlets. Latin American markets are corporate.
Traditional niche markets, where companies extend their sales channels from Brazil to countries like Peru and Chile, achieving a single-season output of more than 1gw in two consecutive seasons, an increase of 115 per cent over the same period.
In emerging market Africa, the volume of shipments has increased in an explosive fashion, with the top five clients of overseas-based companies with their main client base located abroad, especially in the European and American regions. In component operations, France’s edf of the five sales customers of 2022.
Renewable Senergyinc. and the United States consolatededelecridicalbanksinc. are major component business partners, contributing 3.27% and 3.15%, respectively. The global layout of distribution channels brings the cumulative share of the top five clients of the company to 19.05%.
As of 2023h1, the sales revenue of the company ' s photovoltaic component was 22.42 billion yuan, with a sales volume of 14.3gw, representing 85.9 per cent of the principal business income, and the sales volume and sales of the company ' s photovoltaic component continued to rise in 2020-2023h1. Attus was the leading light-store company with internationalized capacity and business performance, with overseas sales earning more than 70 per cent over the long term. As of 2023h1, companies were in Thailand, as of 2023h1.
Countries such as the United States, Viet Nam and others have established or planned production bases with more than 20 sales companies abroad, with clients covering more than 160 countries and territories, and are the main suppliers of light-storage products in countries and regions such as Japan, Australia, Europe, and the Americas.
Since 2023, more than 19 photovoltaic companies have planned to invest in industrial plants abroad, almost covering the entire photovoltaic chain, with silicon, battery, and component chain planning products already exceeding 90gw.
According to the United States Energy Information Agency (eia), the size of the U.S. Photovoltaic builder is 107.5gw, while the U.S. Department of Energy's vision is to achieve 1600gw light voltage in 2035, requiring a huge amount of space. However, U.S. domestic photovoltaic manufacturing continues to be depressed, and according to Bloomberg’s new energy finance data, as of the end of 2022, the U.S. has less than 7gw, more than 2/3 of its local component capacity.
In order to move away from dependence, the United States launched a “double-reverse investigation” into South-East Asia, where Chinese firms are operating abroad. On the other hand, while producing South-East Asian photovoltaic products, the United States has spent $369 billion to support local manufacturing. To date, eight of our photovoltaic companies have announced their investment plants in the United States, with a total planned output of 23gw, of which the company plans to invest $250 million in Texas, United States, and planned to build 5gw photovoltaic components, which was launched in November 2023; and, in Indiana, the company Jay, Indiana.
Philsonville invested $839 million to build 5gw high-efficiency n batteries to further localize the United States.
The global layout, the advantage of overseas markets, the technological lead, the return to a more integrated layout, the combined strength, the strength of overseas reserves.
The company is one of the leading companies in the industry in the technological upgrading of the photovoltaic industry, one of the first to import the current mainstream technologies of hydro-silica, diamond-slicing, large-sized silicone, mbb, half-silica, etc., and has created the World Chronicle of Multicrystal Battery Conversion Efficiency on many occasions.
The company launched the Topcon component with an excellent performance of 210 silicon tablets, tophiku6/topbihku6 with a capacity of 695w and a component efficiency of 22.5%. Compared to the perc component, the topcon component will boost the production of photovoltaic systems, save bos and reduce lcoe degree electricity costs.
Low-temperature welding, double-bond technology, high payload capacity, high reliability, high photoresilience, applicable to a wide range of distributed applications and locations. As of 30 June 2023, companies maintained a total of 2,227 major patents, of which 2,058 (including 290 patents) and 69 (including 27 patents) of foreign patents, leading the patented industry.
The power model, the provincial science and technology award, and the national excellence of the new “small giant” companies for technological innovation. The photovoltage component’s efficiency continues to increase, and the latest component efficiency record rankings for December 2023 have been published by Taiyangnews, Artes, Lungi Green Energy, Crystal Austrotech, Crystal Energy, and Sky-Continent Energy.
The high-efficiency components produced were in Top10, of which the bc technical route occupied three places in the top five rankings: 24 per cent for Aio (abc), 23.2 per cent for Lungi (hpbc), 23 per cent for maxeon (ibc), 23 per cent for Hjt, 23 per cent for Hjt, 23 per cent for Hjt, 23 per cent for Tungwei, 25.6 per cent for battery efficiency in Arteshjt and 25.6 per cent for further efficiency improvements through two-face microchips, with battery efficiency expected to rise to 26 per cent.
During the past two years, the company has signed plans for the construction of larger fibre-voltage industrial chains and materials with the cities of Inner Mongolia, Hu and Jiangsuyan, and the company is expected to grow into large verticals.
The company traded on 9 June 2023 in the first edition, and after exercising its full excess distribution options, it raised more than $6.6 billion in net funds, laying an important foundation for the company’s rapid expansion of its productive capacity. The company kept pace with the integration process in the photovoltaic industry.
According to infolink data, up to 60% of businesses, from silicon, silicon, battery, to components, operated two or more links, with more vertical integration of batteries and components. On 5 June, Crystal and Australasia announced an annual production of 30 gw lats, 10 gw silicon, 10gw components, and 6 June, respectively.
Over 10 billion dollars will be spent on projects such as silicon bars, batteries, and assemblies. Ten billion yuan will be invested in the construction of 25gw solar cells and 20gw light volts per year in Sichuandu: Lungi will be building 20gw single crystal bars, 24gw single crystal batteries and ancillary projects in Xian. By 2023, q3, Atus’s actual capacity: 20.4gw sticks, 21gw slices, 39gw batteries and 51gw components are expected to be produced by the end of 2024.
Upgraded to 50.4gw, 55gw slice, 60gw battery and 61gw components to fast-track integrated layout.
On 8 November, Wood McKenzie's latest report indicated that, as of the third quarter of 2023, market prices were almost equal to manufacturing costs and no profit margins were available for non-integrated component manufacturers who procured spare parts from outside sources. The vertically integrated component manufacturers were also in a merciless state. The report stated that if market prices fell further, non-integrated component manufacturers would be forced to pay off their bills, reduce their capacity utilization and even run the risk of collapse.
The company sales cost rate is slightly higher than the average for head manufacturers, mainly due to the higher cost of the company's quality insurance, mainly due to the continued increase in the price and sales of the components, as well as the higher cost of the quality assurance of the number of components that have not been subject to quality assurance under the principle of quality insurance.
The growth in sales of components in countries, Brazil, Europe, etc., is influenced by external environmental factors, the backlog of cargo in overseas ports, the tight supply of warehouses, and the corresponding increase in storage fees. Corporate management costs, taken together, are slightly higher than the average for industry heads, mainly due to higher remuneration levels for some of the company's top managers abroad.
A significant decrease in the management cost rate following the separation of overseas power stations and operation of operations.
Corporate R & D costs are slightly lower than the average for industry heads, and companies have always given high priority to R & D inputs. As of 30 June 2023, companies maintained a total of 2,227 major patents, including 2058 domestic patents (including 290 patents on inventions) and 69 offshore patents (including 27 patents on inventions).
The effect of convertible exchange rate changes is highly volatile.
It's a long-standing, profitable industry with a consistently innovative market, a global layout, and an advantage in overseas markets.
Technology leads, returns to a unit and accelerates integration.
Compared to the PV, hydropower, and others, which are controlled and stable sources of energy, the randomity, volatility, intermittentity and counter-recording features of new energy loads, represented by photovoltaics, wind power, pose a greater challenge to the safe and stable operation of the grid. When grids are not well equipped to regulate, it is inevitable that light is thrown out. From January to November 2023, the national average was 98.1 per cent, and the national average was 97.1 per cent.
The question will come to light. The storage of energy can achieve a time-shifting application that calms the wind and light, i.e. benefits are realized by instantaneous hair, by cutting peaks, converting the real-time coupling between electricity supply and demand to cross-time coupling, enriching the power balance, achieving high density, controllable applications of low-density, volatile energy, and achieving a class of conventional power-generation effects, which became a high competition for wind power and network depletion in all regions of the country in November 2023.
In November 2023, every region of the country had a photovoltaic net digestion rate — November — January — November. Central and Eastern Europe was the world's top three markets.
In 2022, the global storage market continued to grow at a rapid rate, with the size of the new energy project loading 30.7gw, an increase of 98% over the same period. Of these, the new storage capacity, for the first time, passed 20.4gw, twice as high as in 2021. China, Europe, and the United States continued to lead the growth of the global storage market, accounting for 86% of the global market, up 6 percentage points from the same period in 2021. In 2022, the number of new European loadings went beyond 5gw, with seven units coming from the domestic sector. The energy crisis intensified in Europe as a result of the conflict in the Russian Federation.
Natural gas and oil prices have risen sharply, leading to a more than three-fold increase in electricity prices for residents in several countries of Europe, a build-up of subsidy incentives, a surge in the size of the European reserve market, and a push for Germany, Italy, Austria, and the United Kingdom to become Europe’s four largest reservoirs. Newer global storage capacity is expected to reach 71gw/167gwh in 2024, with Central and Eastern Europe accounting for 84% of the global total in 2024, and will continue to lead to increased demand in the global reserve market.
Long. Asia and the Pacific, Europe and the Americas show a steady increase in the share of installed aircraft, while Central and East Africa emerges from its low base and the netting of the winning projects, and growth table, figure 5: Regional distribution of new and new global storage energy projects in 2022 (mw per cent)
China, Europe, and the United States continued to lead the development of the global reserve market, which together accounted for 86% of the global market, up from 5gw in 2022, with 70% of the new European loadings coming from the domestic storage sector. The European Union (ease) set up 187gw, for that purpose by 2030.
With the strategic goal of deploying 600gw storage capacity in 2050, the U.S. has achieved a 4gw build-up, an increase of 39% compared to the previous year, with independent storage capacity and new energy reserves accounting for more than 90%. Under the Inflation Reduction Act (infactionactof2022, short of ira), the reserve will receive a maximum 70% investment credit formally as an independent subject, providing incentives for developers to accelerate the deployment of independent storage power plants and laying the foundation for the rapid development of the US energy storage industry over the next decade.
In 2022, the volume of global energy storage systems (gwh) from domestic enterprises (gwh) and in 2022, the volume of energy systems (mwh) from the user-side market (mwh) Regional distribution of new global project-type storage energy in 2022 (%) Lithium battery energy systems and commercial storage can be important trends
By the end of 2023, China had delivered a cumulative load of 86.5gw, a 45 per cent increase over the previous year. The size of the additional load (7.3gw/15.9gwh).
Point, for the first time less than 60%. Lithium phosphate is still the dominant and non-lithium reserves and technology applications are on the ground: the first fly-fire FM project, the first ship plus lithium combined frequency project and the largest user side single.
Lead carbon cell projects are running sequentially; 300mw power level pressure air acceleration layouts, multi-hull flow battery breakdown technical routes and 100 megawatt sodium sodium power projects are included in the list of demonstration projects at the provincial level.
gw/66.3gwh, household, business, independent storage and shared storage can be developed to varying degrees. US storage can expect rapid recovery.
According to the US market, in the first half of 2023, the US added a 2.5gw/7.7gwh. The US market performed less than expected in the first half of the year because of supply chain problems and delays in large storage grids.
By contrast, the overall trend is slowing down. In the category of breakdowns, it is still the most visible in terms of large reserves. The local grid in the United States is poorly coordinated, and with wind and power generation rising, adding up to an intec subsidy, large reserves with high economics and diversified profit patterns, there is still a potential for high growth.
US Storage Power Adder Forecast (gw) US Storage Power Adder Forecast (gwh)
Based on photovoltaic components, the company expands its operations to the application solutions area, including photovoltaic system operations, large-scale storage systems and photovoltaic power station engineering epc operations, which mainly produce and sell distributed photovoltaic system products and equipment, including distributed storage systems. Large-scale storage system operations involve the development of storage equipment on the side of the power grid and surface photovoltaic power stations, system integration, engineering contracting, and maintenance services. Power station engineering epc operations provide the design of power station projects, equipment, etc.
The company’s controlling shareholder, csiq, formed a storage business team in 2018 to deploy large storage systems, and in July 2020, csiq placed large storage systems operations in the company’s consolidated statements. Currently, the company’s large storage systems are operating in a fast-growing period, generating revenue of $52,715.2 million in 2020, representing the share of revenue from the main business in the year.
0.23%, in both amounts and percentages, is relatively small. With the continuation of the previous start-up project and the start of the new pipeline, the company ' s large storage system solutions and products for 2021 and 2022 were described as using the phosphate lithium (lfp) battery technology for the Atessolbank storage energy product, which has a capacity of up to 2.967mwh, the safest and most secure application of large ground power stations.
Solbank is one of the most reliable storage systems. It uses a liquid cooling and humidity control programme, with a variable frequency and natural cooling water unit, and a core temperature control that reduces energy consumption by 30%, while maintaining an average core temperature of 28°C ~ 30°C, which can increase life by 15%; and a proactive equilibrium bms (cell management system) technology programme that effectively improves the system's discharge depth, enabling a 1% capacity increase per full cycle.
kwh, which can also be expanded and customised to nearly 120 kwh. epcube achieves rapid installation and debugging using an integrated design, light weight, small wall space, one-size-fits storage module and self-configuration.
As of 30 September 2023, the stock of the Ates Group Global Storage Energy Project was approximately 54.5 GWh. Of this, the storage project was under construction and was in the advanced stages of project development.
At 30 September 2023, the csiq storage system (e-storage) had a reserve of approximately 43 gigawatt hours. As of 14 November 2023, the amount of hand-held orders signed was $2.6 billion, including long-term service contracts. It is expected that by the end of 2023, the solbank storage system will be manufactured.
It is expected that by the end of 2024, its manufacturing capacity will expand further to 20 gigawatt hours. csiq Global Project Reserve (mwh) The price of raw materials has fallen significantly upstream, reducing pressure on storage facilities.
Lithium carbonate has been reduced from 50,000 to 590,000 tons. With oversupply in the market and increased competition in the global lithium mining industry, the price of lithium carbonate has continued to fall to less than 100,000 tons, resulting in lower battery manufacturing costs and eventually lower battery production costs.
Integrators and owners of electrical and chemical storage systems passed downstream, resulting in lower system prices and station costs, and a significant reduction in pressure from storage energy enterprises. China’s price trends for storage energy cells ($/wh) Lithium phosphate, lithium carbonate ($10,000/t)
In 2023, the average winning price for the storage capacity ($/wh) was long-standing, profitable, and sales in the photovoltaic industry continued to be highly innovative.
The global layout, the advantage of overseas markets, the technological lead, the return to a more integrated layout, the combined strength, the strength of overseas reserves.
High-speed expansion. Global light-voltage additional loaders are projected to grow by 80% in 2023, and 493gw in 2024, or 19.08% in the same year. Given silicon as the main raw material for the composition, considering the lower price of silicon to stimulate the release of downstream demand, 23 years of additional loaders are further over-anticipated, and companies are actively vertically integrated in configurations, building batteries and large-scale storage energy operations in the United States: the company’s storage energy manufacturing base is located in Jiangsu province and is currently producing 2.5 gwh per year, and is expected to expand to 10gwh by the end of 2023, as of 30 June 2023.
With the completion of product switching and capacity building, the company is expected to grow significantly in 2024. Large photovoltaic systems and construction operations are expected: a significant increase in the volume of global photovoltaics and a steady increase in corporate photovoltaic systems and epc operations are expected in 2023-25.
Investment proposals: The company is a well-known firm in the photovoltaic industry, operating the global market over the long term, and has a core competitiveness. The company is moving rapidly towards integrated photovoltaic capacity-building, and continuously expanding its storage capacity, and its performance will continue to grow rapidly. Considering that the photovoltaic industry is expected to slow down in 2024-2025, we expect 493gw in 2024, and that it is expected to do so in 2025.
We have chosen as comparable companies the industry’s leading industry companies, Crystal and Australasia (solar components, solar power plants, etc.), East Sunrise (solar assemblies, batteries, evagments, etc.), Crystal Energy (solar, photovoltaic, silicon, etc.). Comparable companies valued the average perpen in 2023-25 at a sustained recovery in corporate profitability, maintaining a “buy-a” rating.
It's a long-standing, profitable industry with a consistently innovative market, a global layout, and an advantage in overseas markets.
Technology leads, returns to a more integrated layout, combined strength, overseas reserves are strong, and international trade disputes are on the rise: at the end of the market, the entire industrial chain of our wind, photovoltaic, storage power, and related production.
The rapid increase in the competitiveness of goods in overseas markets, the high dependence of our new energy industry on foreign markets, and factors such as geopolitics, economic sanctions, trade regulation have increased market uncertainty;
Currency exchange rate fluctuations will result in exchange gains and losses on foreign-currency assets and liabilities held by the company, thereby affecting its performance. *3, Increased competition in the industry: an increasing number of enterprises are entering wind and photovoltaic fields, and an increase in the number of participants could lead to competition in the industry, 4, failure of the measurement model, and deviations in key assumptions;
(b) 6 and other force majeure factors, etc.
The depth covers the industrial chain of lithium batteries, photovoltaics, wind power and storage energy, and in 2023, the University of Colombia joined a Master ' s degree in gold securities, covering mainly the direction of new energy vehicles.