Successful discharge in 2020, opening season, Shanxi wine (600809.sh) 10/03/21
Events: The company released its 2020 performance report: total operating income of $140.0 billion in 2020, adjusted data +17.7 per cent for the same period; net profit return of $3.11 billion for the same period, adjusted data for the same period; net profit return of $640 million for the same period, adjusted data + 165.7 per cent for the same period, due to higher than expected income growth.
• Reverse growth of companies in the epidemic, structural upgrading and nationalization, smooth price increases in the 2020s and the Bosun series, and continued nationalization. Net profits grew much faster in the fourth quarter alone than in the whole year, mainly because of the smooth return of the fourth quarter and the pick-up rate; and the second because of price increases, 2020q4
Net interest rates have risen considerably. The company is still at the gold-growing stage of market expansion and structural upgrading over the next five years, while price increases and structural upgrades will continue, and there will be room for upward net interest rates throughout the year.
There is still a relatively fast growth at the end. Because of Xiaohua 20 and Panama 20 price increases expected, these two products have a high incentive to pay back during the Spring Festival, driving the 2021q1 product structure to improve significantly over the same period. We expect companies to perform better at net interest rates in the first quarter of the year.
• Deepening institutional reforms, improving market management systems and seeing companies move forward quickly and develop well. Corporate Information Update - Three years of successful reform. Companies will continue to deepen their internal institutional reforms, optimize the selection, nurturing and use of talent, and improve their incentive systems.
The market management system, such as the distributor classification system, the cost management system, the risk prevention system, the supervisory management system, etc., is constantly improving.
The Corporate Information Update -- a smooth transition in the season -- will be accompanied by a greater focus on the quality of development, and we look forward to the healthy development of corporate marketing in the future.