A steady increase in performance throughout the year, with a high level of certainty in performance in the next quarter of the low base — a fast-track performance rating for the year 2020 for Shanxi Liquor (60809) — a steady increase in performance throughout the year and a high increase in net profits in the fourth quarter
In 2020, the company achieved 13.996 million yuan and 36.22 billion yuan in single quarter, respectively, corresponding to the same growth rate. The strategy was to expand the out-of-town market and further sink the organizational structure. The south of the Yangtze market increased by an average of more than 50 per cent, while the out-of-town ratio in Shanxi reached 4:6 and achieved the end-of-department sales revenue ratio.
Realization of net profits attributable to parent companies in the first quarter of the year and in the fourth quarter of the year was 31,06 and 645 million yuan, respectively. The increase was 57.75% and 165,87%, respectively, and the increase in net profits in the fourth quarter was greater. The net interest rate was about 23%, an increase of about 5.70 percentage points over the same period last year.
Head, middle, product strategy, optimization of product structure, high-end sales of the Swords of Oyang Woo, with 30-year-old Swords for the Renaissance and acceleration of the national branding development process.
In 2021, the year of the 14th Five-Year Growth Strategy will be fully implemented to promote the high quality of the wine. For the 14-Year Marketing Reform Plan, the wine will be modified in three phases: the first phase.
The year 2021 is a period of intensive marketing adjustment. Addressing the issue of distributors highlighted in the reform of the marketing of rum. Phase two, 2022-2023, is a period of transition.
A historic breakthrough in the size of the project, which basically supports the development of the two main brands of the village of apricot and apricot, the 15th floor of the All China International Centre, completed the market layout of “1357” and turned the wine into the most competitive and first-ever brand in the industry.
In the first quarter of 2021, the price continued to be strong, with a high level of certainty.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a tax-free company. Looking forward to a quarter, given the gradual recovery of the consumer landscape, good marketing, a relatively low build-up of last year’s base, the wine is expected to continue its high-quality growth and higher performance certainty in the quarter.
Chengdu China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment, which maintains the company's "End Up" rating, has become the city's high-comfort road.
The method, using legally compliant information, is to produce the report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.