:: Investment rating: increase (maintenance) in the company ' s delivery of a fast-track performance report of $14 billion in 2020, an increase of 17.7 per cent and a net return to the mother 31.1
Millions of yuan, 57.8 per cent more than expected. The growth of the company’s 4q-stores is expected, the profits are higher, the profits are higher, the profits are higher, the profits are higher, and the profits are higher than expected.
By the end of 2020, the number of company terminals stood at 850,000, the level of management increased considerably, and the marketing structure sunk further, forming a regional marketing group of 30 provinces and + 40 administrative districts with an increase in the size of about 30-35% to about 4 billion yuan, and a rise of about 25-30% in the baboons, with almost the same level of growth;
Subregionally, the 1+3 focus blocks continued to grow in 2020, with large numbers growing in the provinces, solid basics, and the Circumpolar Bureau gradually formed, with the share rising to about 40:60 in the provinces and beyond, and pan-regionalization advancing steadily towards nationalization.
After the gestation, the young 20 value for money became apparent, and during the spring festival, some of the markets represented in North China increased by about 30% + and continued to grow rapidly.
About 15% of the increase, due to product structure, capacity, etc., is expected to lead to a 14-year period of growth in the three stages of marketing, or to stabilization. The company divided the 14-year marketing programme into three phases, leading to high-quality development outside the province, especially a significant breakthrough in the south of the Yangtze, a double-scale increase in the size of the village, and a double-scale increase in the size of the village.
(c) To accelerate the growth of the young flowers in 2024-2025, to support each other in the village of almonds, and to fully realize the 135 market construction (the Shanxi+Kingjin projectboard, the Shiru project block, the Bounty project block plus the Gang Dynasty, the East South, the two lakes, the North East and the North West 5 small market) and to create branding power in the international market.
Promotion of the 13344 marketing strategy, with emphasis on the creation of a wine marketing centre to focus on marketing reform, with emphasis on the Shanxi wine point evaluation report: cultural construction to assist in clairvoyant marketing, brand focus, internationalization, branding of two powerful waistlines (of which Saffron 30 is rejuvenated)
In addition, during the 14-year period, the company focused on building a youth brand, driving speed and driving speed.
Liquor: marketing three-stage development, 14:15.
The new five-year period saw the sunflowers continue to grow and maintain their “growth” ratings. The company's profits in 2020 were higher than expected, the cerebral series, the product structure had significantly increased its contribution to the profits, looking forward to 1455, the company's strategic accumulation of products, regions, marketing, etc., and the high-light bottle of wine were growing steadily, and the ceremonial flower was expected to become a representative of the high-end wine in the north; at the end of the pipeline, the strategy continued to fission,
The mixed dividend is expected to be released on a continuous basis; at the regional level, the extra-provincial expansion has become more national; at the financial end, the product structure has moved upwards with the expectation of sustained upward movement of net interest rates; the company is still in the long-term core stage, with high performance certainty, and recent valuations have fallen; and significant medium- and long-term values have become more visible and “uptake” ratings have been maintained.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.