— Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) company released its 2020 performance report, which is expected to yield $13.996 billion, compared to the growth of Cao Xuant.
The q4 crop and net profit growth have accelerated, and the ring has increased by 6.99 and 81.66 ptt. Under the strategy of catching the middle product on both sides of the belt, the growth of the whole body has been driven by the growth of both the flower and the botanium, which is expected to grow by more than 35% for the whole of the young flower series, by around 30% for the wave, and by Panama as a whole.
The market has grown by almost 20%, the old harvests have been stable, and there have been better performances in the introduction and repurchase of green-collar products in new markets outside the province. The company has made several price increases over the course of the year for green flowers and bounties, 30 in June, and 4 in late 2019 and the second quarter.
Markets are still well-developed for the second half of the growth. The regional strategy is still active in the growth of corporate nationalization of new recruits and stores, with two billion yuan markets breaking through 17 markets in two years, and the market south of the Yangtze River growing at an average rate.
The regional marketing organization structure of the provinces and districts + 10 directly administered areas followed by fine channels, and the organization of the marketing has a strong power to ensure channel thrust, with the number of terminals outpacing 850,000 by 2020, up 150,000 by the same year. Increases in the stocking and repurchase rates of the empty market will continue to contribute more ample room for growth.
The Qinghua Renaissance is leading to a new high end, and the 1,000-dollar-priced wine is expected to take a larger share. The product structure is based on the “one-size-fits-all” model, with 20 batches of Xinghua moving up to more than $400. The old Qinghua 30 is now no longer going up to more than $800 for shipments, price increases and controlled batches: the Xinhua 30 Renaissance is going through a chain of channels.
First import, the strategy is still to provide price priorities with thousands of dollars, and it is expected that the channel will be launched in the second quarter, with a high degree of endorsement of the recovery channel, which will drive the whole price space and volume of the Qinghua series. The company has set a 30-four-step target, with the first catch-up countryer 1573, and the second is the catch-up country 1573, and the third.
The current price is expected to be a high-speed expansion belt for white wine, which will take advantage of the fragrance and brand name, and the price of 1,000 dollars, which will have a place. The spring season will be booming, and 21q1 is expected to open.
With 40% of the spring season booming, the pipeline is currently in low position for less than two months, adding up to the low base for the same period (the three-quarterly review of Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh): Investment proposals: the expansion of corporate nationalization is well under way, and there is still ample room for expansion and penetration in the extra-provincial regions.
The Qingixiang leadership has been set up at a 1,000-bit premium in the Qinghua Renaissance edition, and the business situation has continued to improve.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.