The increase in net profits was significant, and the 14th Five-Year Brand Revival could be achieved — Shanxi Wine (600809), 2020 performance advance announcement point: Shanxi Wine, 2020 annual performance advance announcement, expected to be collected by 2020
The “13th Five” was a smooth cut-off, and the profit growth level led the industry The company achieved a steady increase in operating income and a significant increase in net profits in the year 2020.
The Bureau, in line with the “1357” market layout strategy, has made great efforts to expand the out-of-town market, further sunk the marketing organization and strengthen the network of controlled terminals. According to the 2020 Global Congress of Wine Dealers, the rum has built more than 850,000 controlled market terminals, 84 market management subjects, and 17 markets for billions of yuan.
On average, the south-south market grew by more than 50 per cent, while in Shanxi province, the share of out-of-town revenue reached 4:6.
“It is a master agenda to optimize the product structure, with an increase in the share of medium- and high-end products, which have increased by more than 30% over the same period, of which Saffron 30. Restaurant stations have stabilized a thousand-dollar price belt, and the national process of branding has accelerated.
In 2021, the year of the 14th Five-Year Game, under the umbrella of the reform of state-owned enterprises in Shanxi Province, a comprehensive growth strategy will be implemented to promote high-quality development of wine.
Three phase adjustments are proposed: Phase I, 2021, is an in-depth restructuring of marketing. Addressing the reform of marketing of rum, 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, high-quality, high-speed market development, significant breakthroughs in the south of the Yangtze, and individualization of the village of almonds.
The third phase, 2024-2025, is a period of accelerated marketing.
The historical breakthrough of Fuhua in Shenzhen Fukuda, the tax-free trader in Fukuwa, basically supported the development of the "1357" market, and made it the most competitive of the industry's first brands.
Chengdu China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment, which maintains the company's "End Up" rating, has become the city's high-comfort road.
By using legitimate compliance information, the report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.