With the 14th race of Shanxi, the wine is expected to continue at a faster pace, and the brand is very strong, creating a virtuous circle of prices and brands, and a revival against a thousand dollars.
In 2020, senior executives and employees fully enjoyed the gains of rapid growth, confidence continued to grow, and 1455 was expected to continue at a faster pace. The branding of the Cinderella brands was excellent, creating a virtuous cycle of prices and brands, and a recovery for thousands of dollars.
The last price increase was in October of 20 years, according to Microbarrel News, the latest assessment of Shanxi Liquor on October 15, 2020.
From this day onward, the price of a ticket and group purchase will be raised simultaneously, with an increase of $101 per bottle and an increase in the price of the product. (2) According to the sugar and wine flash, at the distributor's meeting, the wine represents a 30% or more increase in the year 2020.
Okay, a virtuous cycle of prices and brands. (3) On September 9th, a high-end transformation campaign was launched, with a small, single-flash rejuvenation version of 30 and a price of $1059 per bottle. We're looking for a thousand-dollar band that fits the image profile of the bottle itself, and we're judging the chances of success and hope to be the main player in the belt.
In March 2020, Lee Qiuxi said that he had the confidence to complete his year-round mission and that the overall business target for 2020 was not adjusted.
By the end of 2020, there had been 850,000 controlled endpoints, 84 in the liquor market management section, a significant increase in market management, 17 in the billion yuan market, and more than 50% in the south of the Yangjiang market, and an increase in the national branding development process.
On November 6th, the wine was upgraded as a whole to include key state-owned enterprises, where executives and employees fully enjoyed the benefits of rapid growth. The 14th is expected to continue at a faster pace. (1) According to the Congress of the Wine Dealers, the wine is ten-to-ten.
Four-five are well planned, with three phases at the point of time for marketing reform. In the third phase, 2024-2025 will be the period of accelerated growth in the marketing of wine, with a historical net liability ratio of 2021e.
Sexual breakthroughs that create the most competitive and historical brands in the industry. (2) Reforms continue, releasing institutional dividends, re-enhancement of the product structure and nationalization.