Shanxi's performance is higher than expected, with strong upwards, and Shanxi's success report for 2020 is published. In 2020, the company collected 14 billion dollars, an increase of 17.7 per cent, net.
The performance of Shanxi Liquor 2020 was evaluated by the fast-tracking of the industry, the rapid growth of Saffrons and Bottles in 2020, and the acceleration of nationalization. (1) Reform and release system dividends, high levels of executive and staff motivation and confidence continue to grow.
On November 6th, the gin was upgraded to include key state-owned businesses, executives, and employees who enjoyed the benefits of the rapid development. (2) The strategy of “catching both sides and bringing the middle” was maintained. According to the sugar and wine flash news, the wine was sold at the marketing conference, where it was stated that the ceremonial wine was to be achieved by 2020.
The company has also stepped up the installation of the Great and Healthy Bamboo Industry and the series of wines in Guangdong City to achieve a multi-billion dollar breakthrough. (3) Nationalization by 2020. By the end of 2020, the wine would have been in control.
At the end of the spectrum, there have been 850,000 end-to-ends, 17 billion yuan markets, and the markets of the rivers, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, and Xiang, among others, are now growing at a very high rate, with the market south of the Yangjiang growing at an average rate of more than 50%. There has been a marked decline, with cost rates and turnover tax rates effectively controlled over the period of our judgment of 4q20.
As sales scale increases and governance structures improve, and corporate profitability improves, it is expected to converge with similar firms. Recent stock-price retrenchments, and wines, have hit a better long-term layout point.
Flower brands are very good, creating a virtuous circle of prices and brands, rejuvenating a thousand-dollar price, matching the image profile of the wine, and we judge the chances of success to be the main player in the price band. Looking at 14:15, the wine still has much room for growth, and it's likely to be maintained faster.
Channel stock is over-expected, market style is changed, and out-of-country expansion is below expectations.
Food and beverages: beverage manufacturing