On April 13, 2022, at the launch of the network's new 2022 Smart Office, the president of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland announced that he would be hosting a conference on the subject.
The Division has built four major capability matrices for professional meetings, voice communications, efficient collaboration and intelligent office, and has launched hybrid cloud solutions, meeting panels, home-grown voice solutions, double lens 4k intelligent tracking cameras, desktop one-body terminals, bh series bluetooth business headphones, seven pounds of new products for intelligent conference room solutions.
Based on the new trend of mixed office, four major capability matrices are constructed. Under the new coronary, there is a new round of office models, changes, remote/mixed offices will gradually become the norm, with new requirements for business day-to-day communication, organizational management, operating efficiency rates, etc., while traditional videoconferencing systems face limited meeting scenes, large and costly.
As a result of the security concerns of clients, the company has built four major competency matrices for conference, voice, collaboration and intelligent office, specifically to provide business users with: 1) secure, stable, step-by-step meeting capacity; 2) safe, secure and integrated voice capacity throughout the world; 3) multi-connected, efficient and easy collaboration capability; 4) interconnectivity
Intelligent office hardware has increased the value of a single product. For 15 years in a row, Cisco has been in the gartner skyscraper.
At the launch, the Federation launched the Smart Collaboration Conference tableboard tableboard, desktop unit 24, bh7x Business Bluetooth Headphones, which were used by the industry as a wind sign for mixed office capabilities and services.
One machine, Webexdekpro, and Ciscoheadset, with close or slight performance improvements, such as 12 microphone arrays in Webexboard and 16 microphone arrays in Meatingboard, which we believe is a reflection of the company’s product strength at the forefront of the industry. More importantly, the company’s videoconferencing product is sold at a much higher price than the pass-through.
The end-sale price will further develop a mix of office solutions, taking into account the new upgrades in performance. The company has introduced a mixed cloud viewing solution and a ume national product.
100 million United Networks (300628.sz) 22q1 performance forecast solution, cloud-side integration, multiple scene coverage; public-owned and private-owned cloud-net integration, stable and reliable, supported by: one-quarter report with high performance growth, mixed office leader
Large-scale co-development; support for a full-scale national production programme to guarantee data security. Corporate smart room solutions, meeting room space management, movement control, calendar viewing, automated transport, conference environment regulation, etc., were integrated, resulting in a fast performance of 200 million network (300628.sz) in 2021
Without breaking apart from space, equipment, and data, people can be linked to data and effectively improve the efficiency of the management of the enterprise. Report: Overperforming equity incentives, the second growth curve, through this launch, we find that the nature of the company is changing slowly, and on the one hand, it further enriches the product category.
300 million United Networks (300628.sz) company review reports that there are currently integrated communication & conference platforms, smart 4k video terminals, meeting panels, desktops, overperformance, high demand from overseas, and companies operating
Business communications all-out product lines, such as smart rooms, personal terminals, on the one hand, and the image of the provider of corporate communications hardware equipment, on the other hand, are gradually being transferred to the provider of enterprise-wide communications collaborative solutions.
Investment advice: Enterprise communication channels can be highly reused and barriers to certification are high, and companies, as the only Chinese enterprises that innovate in building long-term competitiveness, have a whole product line into the teams ecology, are scarce and are expected to be teleconferencing, business headphones, etc.
500 million United Networks (300628). The epidemic disturbs short-term performance, and the yearly valuation hub is 41x. Maintains the `recommended' rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.