- Quarterly reports show a high growth in performance, with mixed office taps reaching 12/04/2022 Summary of events: On 12/04/2022, the company issued a performance forecast of 22q1 and expected operating income
\triangleright mixed office trends have been identified, leading to high demand for corporate communications. \triangleright has changed fundamentally for more than two years. \triangleright
In the early days of the epidemic, a number of well-known companies abroad began exploring hybrid office models (telecommuting over time and over time), and a group of Internet connections, such as Microsoft, Twitter, Google, Facebook and Apple, have taken the lead in regularizing, institutionalizing and joining other traditional industry companies.
The domestic porter took the lead in launching the hybrid office model on March 1, 22, and we believe that the hybrid office is expected to become a new trend in office, with companies co-opting teams and Zoom overseas on the hardware side, and a domestic tweaking conference, which is expected to fully benefit from the high demand for communications from the companies.
The company overcomes the effects of supply constraints and exchange rate fluctuations, and on the other hand confirms the hold on overseas demand.
In view of the company's relatively strong cost control, supply chain management and fine-tuning production capacity, we continue to push public and new products to markets, and the product matrix continues to improve. With regard to cloud office terminals, 22 years of firm heavy push \triangleright
The commercial bluetooth headphones bh7x, followed by the uh34 of 2021, where web wires, the main integrated voice worker, the wh6x of the station, and so on, the high-end audio market created a complete network of 100 million wires (300628.sz) that performed fast in 2021.
Product lines; hearing aid products are also being developed in an orderly manner. In the case of videoconferencing, companies launch multi-point reviews for co-location: overperforming equity incentives, second-growth curves, electronic door signs for conference rooms, roomsensor, multi-wire sensors for space occupancy detection.
200 million network (300628.sz) company review reports: roll-out systems, roomcasts, etc., combined with the launch of a video-mixing cloud programme to respond to the general trend of mixed offices, with overperformance, high demand from overseas and companies operating at the same time.
Investment recommendations: With the normalization of mixed office trends, we believe that the company is expected to maintain a high performance, pre/triangleright B-Net (300628), short-term performance pressure, sustained
Innovation for long-term competitiveness 400 million network (300628): the epidemic disturbs short-term performance, and the dilemmas show business resilience
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.