BNW (300628.sz) Annual Report 2021 and Quarterly Review 2022 performed well over expectations, Māori ratio improved, the second growth curve showed a first increase of RMB 1 billion, an increase of 26.38 per cent, and net profit from non-repatriation of RMB 1,428 million, an increase of 28.09 per cent.)
100 million Union Network (300628.sz) event review: new products, high expectations of harvest after elimination of exchange rate effects, continued improvement of Māori Ring ratio, combined dynamic office, and clearer growth path
The performance forecast for the 200 million network (300628.sz) of 22q1 companies for 21 years and the 22q1 company revenue and profit end are measured by the appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar and by the raw material price increase factor, respectively
The average exchange rate of US$ 22q1 against the renminbi was further explored to 6.35, and the average exchange rate of US$ 21q1 was 6.48 over the same period, eliminating exchange rate waves from the 300 million network (300628.sz) with fast performance in 2021
Field expectations. Due to the tight supply of raw materials, such as upstream chips, and rising prices, the company's Māori rate has been on track for 21 years, and the 400 million Associated Network (300628.sz) company review reports: performance is over-expected, overseas demand is rising, and the company operates.
Quarterly ring ratios improved, with a Māori rate of 61.81 per cent for 22q1 while domestic suppliers and surrogate plants are mostly located in Fujian, where supply chains are less affected by the Shanghai epidemic. At the cost end, the company ' s 21-year sales/management/research and development fee, 500 million network (300628), short-term performance pressure, sustained
Innovation builds long-term competitiveness The trend of greater cost-control under scale effects continues with sales/management/R & D rates falling by 0.43 pct/0.06 pct/0.82 pct, respectively.
As a model of steady growth, q2 performance is expected to continue to outpace expectations, most of the suppliers in the communications industry are in the middle of the manufacturing industry, and we observe that, since 2022, many enterprises have been constrained in their profitability by stress on the supply chain and higher prices of raw materials.
Investors are advised to focus on the two ends of the smile curve (R & D + sales, high value added). In the oligopolistic market (high barriers, better competitive patterns), such firms often also have stronger supply chain management and higher bargaining power, and are relatively more risk-resistant and profitable, of which the billionaires are the best.
As always, companies have demonstrated themselves with good performance, and with the impact of the epidemic on production in the last three quarters, the growth targets of equity incentives have been achieved as an example of steady growth. In 22q2, we see that the United States dollar against the population has been the best at the end of the past year, with exchange rate devaluations stifling it, while the demand for mixed offices abroad remains strong.
The company's performance is expected to continue to exceed expectations.
Sipphone products have the highest global share for five years in a row (Salivin data, 34.3 per cent in 20).) 21 annual conference products generated $913 million, an increase of 72.77 per cent over the same period. In 21 years, the company launched a multi-purpose conference room electronic doorway sign, Roompanel, a space occupancy detection sensor, Roomsensor, and none.
Products such as the roumcast system, which has joined forces to roll out the Andrew One machine 20/a30. 3) 21 year cloud office terminals received $221 million, an increase of 80.35 per cent compared to the previous year. Webb webcams uvc20, professional widephone earphones yhs34, among other new items, were released in January 22, with a new bh7x.
The commercial bluetooth headphones, the high-end audio market, created a full-fledged headphone product line. The business base of the conference + cloud office terminals increased from 23.62% in 20 years to 30.77% in 21 years, with a second curve growing dynamic.
1) In overseas markets, smart office hardware is a full-blown match to the cosmopolitans, with a remarkable increase in the value of the monolith. The company has launched smart collaboration sessions tabletingboard, desktopskvisiona24, bh7x commercial bluetooth earphones, we believe the meetings to the cosmopolitanswebexboard, webexdeskpro, and ciscoheadset, respectively.
More importantly, the company’s teleconferencing product is sold at a much higher price than the traditional tipphone, with a multi-fold increase in the potential to open up the company’s growth space. In addition, it provides software and hardware integration solutions and ecology with Cisco.
Unlike the closed loops, companies are involved abroad as the core suppliers of Microsoft Teams and Zoom in market competition in the field of business offices in the form of hardware packages. 2) The domestic market complements the capacity of integrated solutions.
The company’s smart meeting room solution, which combines conference room management, movement control, schedule viewing, automated transport, conference environment regulation, etc., makes it possible to keep people out of space, equipment and data, to link data and to effectively improve the efficiency of the management of the enterprise.
More inclined towards integrated deployment, the company's intention was to move forward with solutions to break through key clients and then sink through channels to open the Longtail.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.