Business performance is marginal and the terminal market is on the rise for the new billion-dollar network (300628) recommended (first time)
The business performance of 20201 has grown steadily, and the performance forecast for the whole year 2021 is in line with expectations.
The net profit increase, net of non-recurring gains and losses, is similar to the income increase. 2021 Thanks to Zhao ' s growth rate of 26.69 per cent over the same period, it was subject to exchange rate fluctuations, shortages of raw materials and costs.
As a result of these factors, performance in 2021 is expected to remain high, future performance is expected to continue at a high rate, downstream demand is restored and operations are effectively expanded
Low-end market competitiveness. On the desktop communications terminal, as the impact of the domestic and foreign epidemic subsides, and economic activity continues, the business line is recovering, with a high share of business (over 70 per cent) and a sustained rise in revenue has led to better corporate development as a whole and greater industrial competitiveness.
With regard to conference products, the global epidemic impacts catalytic videoconferencing industry has developed, the design of the cloud+end product has deepened, and cloud platforms and communication terminals have worked together to create an ultrasound video experience that provides a one-stop, holistic solution that sustains long-distance office needs.
As a result of the global epidemic, business hybrids have become a new norm and market demand has grown rapidly. The Division has grown significantly since the creation of the product line in 2020. In the first half of 2021, new items, such as wireless headphones, have been introduced in overseas markets, thanks to the company ' s technological comparison in audio-visual technology.
Good technology has accumulated, and has received better market feedback. It is hoped that the reduced impact of the epidemic, the new norm of mixed office, and the growing demand for integrated communications brought about by the digital transformation of businesses will help companies to achieve marginal improvements in their performance.
Core strengths are constantly highlighted, high performance growth is expected to continue, companies are investing more and more in R & D to enhance their core competitiveness. In terms of voice terminals, the amount of audio not only influences efficiency, but also user comfort, and the company is strong for the long term.
In terms of user stickyness, lowering the user threshold for the use of communication products is one of the core directions for the future, and companies are constantly embedding artificial intelligence technology in different products.
At the same time, flexible deployment options such as public clouds, mixed clouds and private deployments are provided to accommodate and meet the diverse needs of different groups and to continuously enhance customer stickyness. In terms of market expansion, companies have established a global coverage of more than 100
We look at the trend towards high corporate growth in the future, in conjunction with the company’s 2021 Express of Performance, and we continue to push the depth of the Milky Way Telecom industry: East and West.
"Galactic Communications" industry rating: "Walf's performance meets expectations, turning up and trying to break through."
[Galactic Communications] Industry Weekly: Operators increased their operational data in February, strong, communications plate valuations are low and rising; market competition has increased and new product markets have not expanded as expected.
Eight years of experience in the mobile communication industry in China, five years of experience in the securities industry, and five years of experience in the communications industry in Thailand, where he was employed, he was given a hard-working career in 2018/2019 (institutional investor ii-fiscal) and presented the present report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects his research views. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.