\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
Performance is flat, mainly due to a cyclical decline in consumer electronics, a slowdown in overall demand in the industry, a rebound in downstream customers, a recovery in downstream demand, and a steady recovery in company operations, with subsequent orders expected to be released significantly, leading to a rapid upturn in corporate performance.
After 18 months of history, the \triangleright industry went down to deplete its inventory, and the milcc cycle hit the bottom with clear signs: prices for frequently used materials have continued since 22q4
Reaction, increased high-conforming orders, increased prices at the original mill in 2023 and expected overall collapse in February 23; increased crop rate ring ratio in the fourth quarter of 2022 and gradual recovery of capacity utilization; and terminal customers breaking 0 stock, actively preparing goods and gradually decreasing agent stock, expected to gradually recover to 2 months
Scientific water levels. With regard to downstream demand, automobile end demand continues to rise, there is a clear recovery in the Internet industry, and consumer electronics (300408.sz) depth reports: Deep-deep-dry demand will also improve, while companies, as a resilient national production force, will benefit from the industry as a whole.
High tolerance breakthroughs, expansion of production layouts are about to take place, and businesses are waiting to be saved. The company has achieved a series of high \triangleright peaks of 2021/04/29.
The price of Yonmlcc has broken, its performance has been excellent, its value has been excellent, and its orders have grown rapidly. The company continues to expand its production layout with a high capacity, 5g communications, a car code mlcc, with a planned capacity of 50 billion mcc/month in 2023, and the crop rate has steadily increased and will be actively supported in order to release the orders. In addition, the company's 210 kwsofc R & D should be supported.
With the successful completion of the project, the tidalization project, the fibre-optic ceramic plug-in and pkg operations will also play an international pioneering role to boost corporate performance. Companies have a highly integrated R & D production system, and future new product promotion and productivity will improve their performance.
\triangleright cannot absorb the risk; downstream demand is less than expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.