Profitability continues to increase, looking at long-term steady growth of 2.43 per cent; net return returns of $1,064 million, an increase of 10.82 per cent over the same period; net return gains accelerate and are expected to increase in 2019
In \triangleright 2018, the company achieved business income of $23,102 million, an increase of 2.43 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $1,064 million, an increase of 10.82 per cent in the same year, mainly due to a decrease in the cost of the period.
Aerial motor block growth is stable, foreign trade and non-avigational products are shrinking significantly \triangleright, three major players in aviation engines and derivatives, foreign trade exports and non-avigational products, 2018
As a result of the decline in both the orders and the Māori rate, the non-avigational products sector reduced its low-value-added non-navigational services and disposed of non-navigational subsidiaries during the reporting period, resulting in a reduction in revenue. The core shipping business will remain in absolute leadership in the future; the foreign trade module, despite the current state of international megamonopoly, still has some comparative advantages for companies; non-navigational products compete.
The company, the sole platform for the production of aircraft engines and the direct beneficiaries of both engines, is the main owner of the country's air engine industry, with the full range of vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, pyroscopes and military equipment for scientific production, which is the only supply in the country of the three generation of main aircraft engines.
At present, the ws10 " too good" engines and derivatives are equipped in bulk with 10, 11, 15, etc. (010) 85127528 aircraft. During the 13th Five-Year Plan, the country will be fully operational with the major air engine and gas turbines.
As leaders of our aviation engines, the company will receive substantial government support resources from both engines, and the prospects for future development are high. Air engines are vital, with long-term interest in the shipping market.
1. Summary Report of Aerial Dynamics (600893), Net Return: At present, there is still a large gap between our aviation engines and advanced levels abroad. In advanced military models, engines are still dependent on imports, while commercial engines are almost empty.
In 20 years, the total demand for our air engine market was close to RMB 3 trillion, including RMB 800 billion for military flights, RMB 17 trillion for commercial flights, and RMB 450 billion for navigational engines. As the effects of the military changes were phased out, the military order was expected to be 2, and the summary report of the launch engine (600893), which states:
Rapidly rising, the demand for military flights increases, adding up commercial demand driven by developments in civil aviation and navigation markets, and we are on track to achieve high growth in performance throughout the year.
Holding shareholders have completed plans to increase their holdings, looking forward to the future growth of the company, which accounts for 0.2% of the total stock. This increase is the first time since the establishment of the China Shipping Group (CIGC) that they have taken up the market platform under their banner, highlighting confidence in the future development of the company.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking to be objective, impartial, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, without any third party giving any indication or influence.