Aerial dynamics (600893), performance rating for 2018: the policy of moving into a high-scene cycle supports the potential for uplifting.
On the evening of March 28, the launch engine released its 2018 financial report. During the reporting period, the company achieved revenue of hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 10.82 per cent over the previous year.
The company is the core business of the China Air Transport Group, which has a strong advantage in the domestic aviation engine manufacturing industry, and is the main producer of military aviation engines and gas turbines. Under the command of the powerful, the Chinese air force and naval aviation are in high-speed construction, and new equipment is being used to speed up the pace of service.
The demand for empty engines has also increased, and the company’s production tasks are full. Given that China’s air force still has about 500 old aircraft types that need to be replaced, the military air engine market is expected to reach 450 billion yuan in space over the next 10 years.
Upgraded to 200-hour annual training hours for pilots, which accelerates the loss of life of aviation engines, and 52-week maximum/minimum cost increases related to maintenance, major repairs and replacement requirements for aviation engines.
The national development strategy's priority policies support the potential for upgrading, with a net market rate of pb. Air engines, one of the biggest short drives in the industrial manufacturing sector in the country, and still at an international advanced level.
This is why China’s high-end manufacturing industry has also been the main target of efforts to upgrade the country’s manufacturing industry. Since 2017, the country’s air engines and gas turbines have been heavily earmarked, and hundreds of billions of dollars of dedicated funds have been put in place.
One of the core units, both R & D progress and new capacity building, will be instrumental and the potential for development will be greatly enhanced. In addition to the existing military air engines, the prospects for future civil aviation engines will be wider.
The Current Market Outlook, published in 2017, states that in the future the Chinese market will need more than 5,000 single-channel aircraft, and that the Chinese air market will be larger in size than the US and Europe in the next 20 years, bringing in more than 10,000 air engine requirements. At present, our civil aviation engines are heavily dependent on imports.
The existing civil aviation engines are products of the United States cfm, the United States of America, the United States of America and the United Kingdom, Raws Roys, and there is no significant alternative to imports.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.