Research and development drives the growth of domestic auto electronics leading companies, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Home-based, international-oriented automobile electronics leading firms, looking at their future growth attributes. The company is a leading car electronics company with rich bottoms and natural overseas genes. It actively promotes the creation of competitive product solutions and services for smart cockpits, smart drivers, and car networks.
Lips, Hong Kong Kimshan and Huixiang Industrial Development Corporation jointly established the Central European Electronics Industry Company Ltd. in Huaizhou, which operates the auto sound system and forms the company’s predecessor. In 2010, China, by acquiring all foreign shares, focused on the design and manufacture of car regulation electronics.
• Increased product upscaling and penetration, and high growth in the industry. The automotive industry is undergoing unprecedented transformations. New trends in electricization, intelligence, and networking are reshaping the industry, while the market for automobile sales is moving into a stable saturation phase, with top-down competition and upgrading driving car electronics.
The country’s automobile electronics market, which currently stands at about $500 billion or more, is expected to grow to $750 billion by 2023, and the automotive electronics industry is expected to be the fastest growing part of the electronics market.
In 2018, vehicle-borne information systems accounted for approximately 19.9 per cent; vehicle-borne entertainment systems accounted for 63.5 per cent; air conditioning controllers accounted for about 7.2 per cent; driving information display systems accounted for about 5 per cent; ems accounted for about 1.4 per cent; and other business accounted for about 3 per cent. The company will be able to upgrade its traditional superior products, such as displays, instrumentors, etc.
Advanced technology integration products build three strategic business blocks: smart cockpit, smart driving, and car networking, and will begin to produce orders in a phased manner in 2019. Large income scale, depending on high R & D and efficient management, will improve competitiveness.
In the context of the joint venture, the models for the efficient production and management of the auto industry abroad are fully taken into account. Research and development is oriented towards the development of a technology research and development unit, supported by the Research and Development Divisions of Newcano, Germany, Chengdu and Nanjing, which combines cutting-edge R & D and applied R & D.
Yes. A large research and development team of more than 1900 people was formed, and the overall investment in research and development doubled in 2018. Based on the prospect of rapid growth in future corporate income from smart network-related products, we give 191 home-based, international-oriented automobile electronics leading companies.
The City of Hue County, Desaiway Motors, Inc., is a global leading car electronics company with a strong developmental base and a natural international gene. It actively promotes the creation of competitive product solutions and services for smart cockpits, smart driving, and car networking.
The Central European Electronics Corporation (CEI) operates the auto sound system, which forms the van of Desaixivee. In 2010, China, through the purchase of all foreign shares, focused on designing and manufacturing car regulation electronics, was officially established and landed in late 2017. At present, 58.3 per cent of the capital of Hyeju City is the first major shareholder.
The company ' s main business structure: the company ' s main business income consists of six product plates, divided by the calibre of the 2018 annual report, is a vehicle-borne information system, accounting for approximately 19.9 per cent; a vehicle-borne recreation system, accounting for about 63.5 per cent; an air-conditioning controller, accounting for about 7.2 per cent; a driving information display system, accounting for about 5 per cent; a fifth, ems, accounting for about 1.4 per cent; and a sixth, including intelligence.
Other operations, including driving networks, account for about 3% of the total. The company’s main industry provides pre-packages for the mainframe plant.
The company’s performance: the company’s business as a whole and the domestic car market have become more relevant. The past five years have been accompanied by the automobile industry.
The current high-profile shock, the pace of growth and decline, but the traditional areas of the company, based on its current share, have stabilized the combined Māori rate of the new industry, such as the Smart Net Federation, at over 24%. The asset-liability ratio has been significantly optimized since it was marketed, with an increase in penetration from industry 2 and accelerated growth in auto electron.
The automotive industry is undergoing unprecedented transformations. On the one hand, new trends in electric environmentalization, intelligence, and networking are reshaping the industry, and on the other hand, the market for automobile sales is gradually moving into a steady saturation phase, with top-down competition and upgrading of products driving the spread of automobile electronics.
One of the central drivers of development. According to the projections of icinsights, the global electronics market totalled $1.62 trillion in 2018, with automobiles accounting for 9.4 per cent of the total, up from 9.1 per cent in 2017. The automotive electronics industry has been on a steady upward trend over the years, rising as a percentage of the overall electronics market, and is expected to grow by more than 9.9 per cent by 2021.
Automobile electronics can be divided into two main categories, e-control systems and vehicle-mounted electronics, which are generally part of a vehicle-wide device that directly affects the operation and use of the vehicle, while the latter generally enhances the added value of the vehicle by increasing its intellectualization, informatization and recreation.
Control and auxiliary driving, which is still at a low market concentration and has grown at a faster pace in the early stages of industrial development, has been integrated in the security-wide control and vehicle-borne information systems over the past five years, at 10.2 per cent and 10.8 per cent annually, respectively, up from 9.8 per cent in the industry.3 Based on traditional integration of innovation, high corporate R & D has driven competitiveness upwards
Based on traditional business, the company adapts to smart network trends, upgrading the integration product to the new market. On the basis of traditional products such as display screens, instrumentors, etc., the company will re-engineer three strategic business blocks: smart cockpit, smart driver, and car connection.
Intelligent driving systems have accumulated over five years of technology and product matrix, from low-speed parking to high-speed autopilots, and are expected to be phased into the production-in-progress phase starting in 2019, leading to a sustained increase in orders. Carnets, which now focus mainly on software and services, cover cybersecurity, big data analysis, and become companies moving from "hard" to "soft"
The corporate business goal for the future is to use the smart cockpit as the cornerstone of income-scale, to import traffic through car networking, to rely on intelligent drivers to compete at the higher end of a car’s electronics world, and to build businesses with more than 10 billion dollars in revenue. To be large-income, the company will rely on higher R & D inputs and efficient management to improve competitiveness.
In the context of joint ventures, full lessons are drawn from the model of efficient production and management of the auto industry abroad. The research and development-oriented approach has led to the creation of the Institute of Smart Transport Technology in Desaiway, Huezhou City, with the Singapore, Germany, Chengdu, and Nanjing R&D branches accounting for more than 10% of the total annual R&D inputs.
In the past, corporate traditional business packages, mainstream joint ventures and autonomous mainframes, have had good pre-emptive advantages in terms of channels. Still in the fast-growing area of automobile electronics, industrial chain patterns have not yet been defined, fragmented competition patterns are prevalent, and technology drivers are central drivers of companies’ future competitive advantage.
1) Assuming that, in 2019-2021, the combined motor information system, entertainment systems, controllers, etc., increased penetration of the cockpit market will gradually offset the impact of the downside, and that industry needs will be largely flat throughout the year and recovered thereafter 2) assuming that the automotive electronics industry will remain competitive in 2019-2021, that the host plant will have a strong bargaining power and that the Māori ratio will remain in place
3) Assuming that, in 2019-2021, the company includes other emerging business related to car networking, smart driving and that the project will recover less than expected from the vehicle market; that competition in the automotive electronics sector has intensified and that no direct or indirect compensation will be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.