\triangleright \triangleright
Billion dollars, 7.9 per cent increase in the same year; net return to mother ' s profit of $630.5 million, 14.2 per cent increase in the same year; double recovery profit speed, steady progress in basic business and rapid growth in innovative business \triangleright
Two-way profits: the company achieved 296,153 million yuan in main business revenue in 21 years, an increase of 7.4 per cent in the same year, while the main business increased at a rate of eight years, with net profits rising at 18.4 per cent and far more than income.
A net increase in the size of users is historically high. In mobile operations: $164.1 billion in income from mobile main camp operations in 21 years, an increase of 4.8 per cent over 21 years (+0.2 per cent over the same period); and a double increase in the total number of mobile users and the number of 5g users, with a net increase of 11.3 million mobile users (-12.66 million over the same period), highlighting an increase in service capacity and a net increase of 155 million in 5g package users
Households, 5g users, increased to 48.9 per cent, over the industry average (44 per cent), pulling mobile account users arpu dollars, an increase of 5.2 per cent over the same period (+2.4 per cent); companies were committed to differentiated competition, with North broadband coverage taking over the sky.
Ten thousand households are at an all-time high; integration operations have reached 71.5 per cent penetration among fixed broadband users, an increase of 7.4 pct over the same period. Industrial Internet operations have released long-term power. Corporate Internet revenues in 21 years were $54.8 billion, an increase of 28.2 per cent over the same period, representing 18.5 per cent of the income from the main business, and industrial Internet contributed to the growth of income from the main business in 21 years.
It's 59%, and it's the first engine of growth in corporate income. The company's focus on new opportunities in the digital economy and in the East and West, positioning itself as the National Team for Digital Information Infrastructure Operations, the Digital China Smart Society of the Power Power of the Network, building the main army, and the innovative leader of digital technology integration, and building the “connection plus perception plus computing plus intelligence”
In our view, innovative business such as the Internet in the corporate sector is growing dynamically. The co-construction of shared mitigation has produced remarkable results, with real capital spending falling short of guidance in 21 years.
\triangleright has continued to deepen its co-location with China ' s telecommunications network, and has been very effective in saving investment and reducing low-carbon emissions: 1. China Connect (600050): arpu continues to grow, production is increasing.
The growth of the Internet has been strong, with tens of thousands of tons of Internet. Both parties have built the world’s largest 5g shared network, with a cumulative 5g base station of 690,000 stations in 21 years, and a cumulative 4g base station of 660,000 stations. The company’s capital expenditure for 21 years is RMB 69 billion.
In the long run, the investment and transport pressure on the company’s network construction end will be significantly reduced, and the level of profitability is expected to rise further. Focus on shareholder returns, raise the share of profits, and share business results.
\triangleright attaches great importance to shareholder returns, and plans to distribute end-of-year dividends of $0.0391 per share for the year as a whole
\triangleright has 40 times the central valuation for almost five years. Maintains the “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.