q3 Performance exceeded expectations and cash flow continued to improve \triangleright + 149.90%. Overall, the corporate 24q3 quarter net profit ring ratio improved significantly, making it profitable.
The profitability ring has improved and cash flows have continued to improve. 24q3 companies have significantly improved their profitability, Māori \triangleright
The company ' s operating cash flow continued to improve, with net cash flows arising from its operations during the first quarter of 24q3 amounting to 2,092 million yuan, which was further enhanced following the conversion of 24q2.
The previous three quarters saw a similar increase in the volume of shipments and a high overseas share. Making full use of the advantages of its global market distribution network and branding, and further increasing market openings. Battery cell output increased by the same amount, q1-q3 in 2024, and company battery assembly output was about 57gw (including self-use 1gw).
In q3-quarters, the company delivered 19gw. According to the company’s production plan, the output of the unit will exceed 100gw by the end of 2024, with silicon chips and silicon.
Wang's battery capacity reaches 80% of the component's capacity, of which N-cell capacity is 57gw. We believe that the continued release of advanced energy is expected to further consolidate the company's presence in the photovoltaic industry, while at the same time generating costs and scale effects.
The Jubaino stock can be released to create a second-growth curve. The company adheres to the One Wings development strategy, \triangleright
In May 23, the company's first autonomous development and production of an integrated 5mw/10mwh industrial energy storage system landed; in August 24, the company Jiangsuyan 5mw/10mwh industrial energy storage plant project was successfully launched.
On 29 September, the company released three new products, edgecontroller, scada, claud, covering the edges and clouds of the storage applications and providing an energy storage industry with the efficient synergy of hardware and software.
A more cost-effective and humanly intelligent energy management system solution. 24-year-long review: a continuous increase in overseas shipments, one unit \triangleright
3. Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) tri-quarter 2023
On the other hand, the city’s share is expected to continue to rise, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright rating: performance meets expectations, and the expansion of integrated productive capacity consolidates the lead
Performance is higher than expected, integration deepens profitability - 2023 Research findings are drawn from methodological and analytical logic, and the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspectives. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.