q3 performance was reversed, and the sustainability of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre topcon battery project showed a marked decline in the cost of reaching production, with 24q3 performance exceeding expectations. 2024q1 Company
Newly manufactured N battery capacity is still in the slope phase, with a significant impact on the profitability of 2024q1. As the company’s new battery project is well under way, it has achieved a significant increase in battery conversion efficiency, a marked decline in output, and large-sized batteries have achieved industry leadership in conversion efficiency and production costs.
Formerly, the company’s latest n-model (bvcium+) battery volume conversion efficiency had reached 26.5 per cent, and the arts would continue to improve, further reducing battery production costs and increasing battery value for money. As a result of the company’s significant decline in battery production costs, the company’s cost would decline faster than the price for sale, and it would operate more profitablely.
Significant repairs. The combined Māori ratio of 2024q3 was 8.67%, with a significant increase in the ring ratio of 5.62 pp. Exchange rate fluctuations, increased profitability of power station operations, also contributed to the company’s loss. 24q3 confirmed that investment receipts kept growing on average, cash flows remained steady.
The output of the components is approximately 57gw (including self-use 1gw), of which the overseas output of the components is about 52.4 per cent, while the export of the N components is about 63 per cent. The volume of the 24q3 battery assembly is about 18.5gw, the N component is about 75 per cent, a gradual increase. The net cash flow generated by the 24q3 company ' s operations is 20.92 per cent.
In addition, the company's asset impairment loss of $113 million, the consolidation capacity is steadily advancing, and the bottom buyback is a sign of confidence. By the end of 2023, the company's component capacity was over 95gw, silicon and battery capacity was about 90% of the component's capacity, with N-type batteries producing more than 90%.
57gw. By the end of 2024, the company ' s component capacity will be over 100gw, silicon and profit projections. The company ' s topcon battery capacity has been fully scaled up and cost-effective.
Under pressure, n-type production capacity leads (2024-05-10) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.