The country's old-fashioned automobiles, which have gone three times to capture market trends. They're captured in 2013-2016.
During the suv dividend period, autonomous brands were developed, but performance was still largely driven by joint ventures. Performance was under pressure in 2017-2019, with weak product cycles and quality problems, the growth of autonomous brands regained momentum after 2020, and higher Maori products such as uni, cs75plus were released, resulting in a continuous double increase in revenue performance.
After six years of new energy transformation, the company has formed a new energy transformation brand combination of traditional product sales security combined with “Initiative + Deep Blue + Avita” and entered a strong product cycle in 2024, adding to the pressure of individual tests of new energy operations for automobiles, and achieving greater certainty about the company’s 2.8 million sales targets. * Source: high value for money is on the mainstream household market, with an forward sales target of 1.2 to 1.5 million.
Deep blue: positioning young technology, super-accumulation of high-quality product power. Deep blue cars focus on 10-20 million dollars in price belts, positioning young people and technology. Cutting into the less than 200,000-dollar growth market in the blue sea, super-increment platform epa1 power, oil consumption, cabin + smart driving overprices, which together constitute a deep blue competitive advantage.
Avita: In 2024, Avita is expected to increase the number of new cars & upgrades to enable high-end emotional intelligence. Avita focuses on the 20-400,000 dollar high-end market, with a unique exterior design and hi model, and the nett-zhenghua experience of smart driving plus is expected to constitute core competitiveness, with 200,000 new cars at the level of e15, e16 and 4 upgrades expected to be released in 2024.
The CNR’s new energy appraisal program is expected to land in the near future, with targets such as a new energy market taking advantage of the new system of indicators, while easing traditional financial indicators, which are the company’s firm’s firm, which is the fastest vehicle for the new energy transition, is more certain of the growth.
In order to form a joint venture, it is expected to hold 40% of the shares, and to contribute to long-term growth: one is the supply-side elasticity of the gifted long-term safe products. China is in the country’s first class, and the city’s noa is available and has been distributed to users; China has over 730 million users of the global end-of-term monthly service, over 60,000 sales networks under the line, and over 60,000 customers are able to reach their potential; and the world’s intellectuals and intellectuals book fires, reflecting the driving power of car creation, and the three-fold advantage is a product of long-term security.
In April 2024, China’s auto-bu business was expected to lose, calculated at a net interest rate of between 1.2 million and 1.5 million vehicles sold by Hong Meng Ji-chul, and between $35,000 and $4 million by bicycle, and 5 per cent, the 2025 target company Heiner Begawa plans to move steadily to South-East Asia and Europe in 2024. In January-February 2024, it achieved 75.7 million overseas sales of autonomous brands, compared to +106 per cent, which basically met the planning target of doubling overseas sales to 480,000. On the product side, in 2024, new energy brands, such as Avita, Deep Blue and Source, were developed as major forces in Europe and South-East Asia.
In terms of production, Thailand’s production base is expected to be in production by 2025q1, with a capacity of 100,000 first-stage vehicles covering the global right-wing car market. In terms of access, by the first half of 2023, there were 400+ distribution and service outlets, more than 20 localized marketing organizations had been established in overseas markets by 2030, and more than 3000 offshore outlets had reached more than 90% of the world’s markets.
• Investment proposals: the company is an old car company, the transformation of electric intelligence is falling, brands are opening up to new product cycles, and new energy markets are expected to continue to grow. Three entrepreneurships are expected to capture market trends, the transformation of new energy packages is accelerating, the transformation of electric power is landing and brands are opening up to new product cycles.
In 2024, China launched three business ventures in South-East Asia and Europe to capture market trends and the transformation of new energy sources accelerated.
• 1.1 For nearly three decades, in the field of deep-farmed cars, the third entrepreneurial sword was directed at electric motorization, intelligenceization and seaboarding — the country's old car company, Chang-Ang, which had been operating three times, from military-industrial enterprises to civilian automobile enterprises, from joint ventures to autonomous vehicles, and from traditional fuel-car manufacturers to new energy-smart car manufacturers. The third business started in 2017, with the launch of the “Shang-era” project on new energy transformations in October, 2018.
The “Bei Doo Sky Constabulary” project for the intelligent transformation was launched in 2023, and the “Heiner Bichuan” project for the sea was launched in 2023. Figure 1: Chang An's three entrepreneurship journeys, three entrepreneurships to capture market trends, and the transformation of the new energy mix is accelerating.
• 1.2 The results of entrepreneurship are gradually falling and intelligent + sea level increase can be expected. Figure 2: Long An Car Operations 2008-2023 2013-2016: capture of the suv dividend period and rise of the autonomous cs product series.
In 2013-2016, the country ' s suv entered its rapid development phase, with a total of 45% cagr.
It is now strong, with a high sales volume and a high collection of vehicles. Because of the relatively low prices and the initial cost of autonomous branding vehicles, profits are still largely attributable to the joint venture • 2017-2019: the weak cycle of the joint venture brand product + quality problems, Chang An
Entering the adjustment period. After 2017, due to the slow pace of new product delivery and a decline in the number of slogans due to quantitative problems, the sale of the joint venture brand of Long Anfort fell significantly, and the return on investment fell significantly, reducing the overall profitability of the Cheon An automobile.
Chang-Ann's autonomous branding performance was strong, with 82% of its sales in 2023, the Chang-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-A-Ae-Ae-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-
With Heiner Bichuan's seafall, Chang An's vehicle sales are expected to continue to improve. Three entrepreneurships are taking advantage of market trends, and the new energy layout is accelerating. Figure 3: Long An's profitability and time-cost rates for 2008-2023
During the period, both joint and autonomous brands were in a strong product cycle, with net profit boosts. The joint branding of the post-Longan car was low, the autonomous brand had not yet been profitable, and the net interest rate had fallen to -3.8 per cent in 2019.
After 2020: A strong product cycle that increases the Māori rate, new energy sources and short-term performance pressure. After 2020, high Māori rates such as cs75plus and uni series will be influenced by new energy companies and table + price wars.
Three entrepreneurships took advantage of market trends and the transformation of the new energy mix accelerated with the continued optimization of the asset structure 1.4.
Performance was reduced; in the case of the development-impeded joint venture brand, the name of Chang-Suzuki was officially changed to Suzuki in 2020, the original 350,000/year production capacity was used to produce autonomous branded vehicles such as Oshan, the active idle capacity, the 2022 Chang-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Sul-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Suz-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-Sul-S-S-Sul-Sul-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-
Figure 4: Chang-Ang vehicles optimized asset structures 3 times entrepreneurship took control of market trends, new energy patterns accelerated transitions to power-driven transformations landed and brands opened up to new product cycles
In 2024, China launched a new product cycle with the launch of its branding process in South-East Asia and Europe.
After more than six years of transformation, the Chang-Ann vehicle has formed a combination of un, cs-series traditional fuel product sales safety pads and a new energy transformation brand for low-medium-high, deep blue and avita, each focusing on family attributes, youth + technology, and high-end intelligence. Electric transformation results have landed, and brands have opened up to new product cycles.
• 2.1 Opening source: high-value ratios are in the mainstream household market, with an forward sales target of 1.2 to 1.5 million vehicles. The first shipment was opened on the day and the product under the flag was divided into a series (sedans), q series (suv) and several smart cars, eo series. By the end of March 2024, three models had been placed on the market, with a cumulative sales volume of 70,000 vehicles and a March delivery of 15,000 units.
Figure 7: Post-distribution product and sales performance
Open source accumulated sales
Number of start-up orders, start-up cumulative sales, start-up a05 positive.
The result of the power transition has fallen and brands have opened up to a new product cycle •2.1 Source: high value for money has hit the mainstream market, targeting 1.2 to 1.5 million vehicles in the future. Targeting competition for precision price reductions + low energy consumption and low use costs to shape competitiveness. Home-level home-based new energy markets have high price sensitivity, targeting acquisition costs, and open-source competition for products.
Accurately reduced prices, of which a05 prices dropped to $7.79 million, $7.98 million for the Qin Plausdm-i Glory version, $13.59 million for the Qin Fragrance version, and zero for the Qin brand, with 9.1 kwh batteries, 70 km for the cltc pure electrical renewal, 100 km of combined oil, and 0.981 for low-cost household tools.
• 2.1 Source: High-priced penetration into the mainstream market, with an forward sales target of between 1.2 million and 1.5 million vehicles. • Relying on a long and thin hair stock, 10 cars were released by 2025. Since the launch of the Shangri-La new energy transition in 2017, the source has been able to achieve its products with the support of long-standing new energy vehicle technology, such as the pa1 platform, the Dji-ai electric drive, the “gold bell” battery, the ibc battery management system and the long-standing industry-led new energy vehicle technology that will be built on the sda architecture of e07
The cards will be launched with a new intensive release period, with a series of 10 products scheduled for release by 2025, of which a+q series 7 are scheduled to be published. • In the name of the smart car, the suv pickup is expected to be officially listed in q4. e07 will be the product of the long-sunnel flag under which the sda structure is used, which can be raised to the top of the trunk and converted from suv to a pickup card, not only to achieve the commercial function of light loads, but also to achieve the camping model, visual model, etc., in combination with external power supply.
Figure 9: The start-up e07 can achieve a two-form shift in Picahsuv. Figure 8: The new energy vehicle architecture of the new generation of the Chang An Car.
At the time of the launch, 142 strategic, high-potential distributors had fully completed their original sites, and 849 stock channel sites had been transformed to cover 100% of the core/sub-core conglomerates. At the end of 2023, there were nearly 1,000 core channels for local consumers to buy their cars.
The long-term renewable energy transition has resulted in a new target of 1.2 to 1.5 million vehicles. Under the long-term long-term energy transformation plan, the target is a quarter of a million vehicles in 2024, with an forward sales volume of 1.2 to 1.5 million vehicles, which will become the basis for the new energy transformation of the long-term vehicle.
• 2.2 Deep blue: positioning young technology, super-accelerated to shape high-quality product power. Positioning technology + wisdom + diversity, targeting young users. Deep blue cars, formerly a long-term security company established in 2018, were launched in April 2022, targeting young users, focusing on technology, wisdom, and diversity. Three power types, pure, incremental and hydrogen, compatible with the super-acupuncture platform epa1, provide consumers with greater power.
Figure 12: Deep blue brand positioning and technology support Figure 13: Deep blue marketing targeting young people — a rejuvenation of the colour mix
• Preset a cabin smartness model to meet the new needs of young people in their cars Preset an in-car care model, a privacy model, a thermal cabin model, smoking patterns, camping patterns,
Small, snow, bonfire, musical light show, etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Road driving, deep blue car X Kings honors the series, backsliding aid.
Smart driving, passenger parking assistance, name-sponsored under-the-line competition.
Nid high-level pilot-driving, remote smart parking-aided, deep blue cars moving under the dark blue light.
Sponsoring the grand prix, young enough to go to Deep Blue, super-enhanced pa1 platform.
Cdse's video-based transformation results landed, and brands opened up to a new product cycle of 2.2 deep blue: positioning young technology, super-incrementing quality product power.
According to the Chinese Air Association, in 2023, we sold 12.71 million vehicles at a cost of $10.2 million, accounting for nearly 50% of total vehicle sales, and $10.15 million with the lowest penetration of new energy sources. Deep bluesl03 and s7 had the option of increasing their penetration.
The overall market space is wide, so as to ease the anxiety of latent passengers to take up their share of the fuel truck. Entering the market of less than $200,000 in the relative blue sea. Consumer recognition for the incremental car is increasing, with the January 2024 increase in vehicle sales equal to +262 per cent, which is much faster than pure electricity and hybrids.
With the combination of less than $200,000 and less competition in the car market, it helps to build up the technological advantages of the Blue Super-Step platform, helping it keep its record record of monthly sales of thousands of cars in the "two-car era." Electric transformation results landed, with brands turning up to a new product cycle.
2.2 Deep blue: positioning of young technology, super-accumulation to shape high-quality product power. • Keeping product strength in a high-quality segment market: super-increment + smart module + smart driving + no visible shortboards. Compared to match-priced segment competitions, sl03, s7 has advantages in power performance, intelligent cabin experience, intelligent driving hardware, etc., and there are no obvious short cuts in cabin space, supplementary efficiency, intellectual driving functions, etc.
Table 3: Dark blue sl03 compared to competitives horizontally
• 2.2 Deep blue: positioning young technology, super-enhanced to shape high-quality product power. • Three years to roll out more than 12 new vehicles, gradually completing the product mix. By 2025, Deep Blue is expected to launch at least 12 new vehicles, including six fully new models and at least six modified models. In addition to Hwaji S7 and Sl03, which are expected to be launched in 2024, known new models include suv deep bluesg318 expected to be released in the second quarter of 2024.
The top of the new model is the G318-sl05-sl05-sl05, medium-sized suv (or deep blues9) and another suv-suv. g318-square-square-square-square-swire market segment, with super-scaling power expected to sell thousands of vehicles/month-long.
The monthly sales of Leopard 5 and Tank 400, g318 are expected to contribute thousands of vehicles per month to Deep Blue. Table 5: Deep Blue Cars' New Cars Plan by 2025.
• 2.2 Deep blue: positioning young technology, super-enhanced to shape high-quality product power. “Four-centre” model channels are innovative, with the shop layout significantly superior to that of competitors. Deep-Blue cars have developed the “Four-centre service system”, namely, the order centre, the mobile exhibition hall, the delivery centre and the VSC, to build a full-chain, closed-link service model based on the housekeeper centre. By the end of 2023, deep-blue cars had completed 908 purchase-order centres and 363 delivery centres.
Five hundred and seventy Vibs, covering 291 cities across the country, compared with the opening of 162 new purchase orders centres and 42 new security centres in mid-year, the speed of the shop and the number of doors are significantly higher than the number of first products that have been distributed for more than five years, as well as the Gilly Milky Way, a group of traditional automobiles. 280,000 vehicles were sold in 2024, and the size of the vehicle was stabilized at between 1 million and 1.2 million in 2030. According to the Changan Global Partnership Conference, the target for sales in 2024 was 280,000 vehicles in deep blue.
In terms of the 2030 forward target, long-term deep-blue sales planning has stabilized at between 10 and 1.2 million. The top-up brand labels, sharpening the image of young technology brands, electrical transformations, and branding up to a new product cycle.
2.3 Avita: In 2024, with a view to enabling high-end emotional intelligence, China will increase the amount of new cars and cars. The top-end emotional power market will support the development of the long-ann vehicle brand upwards. In the new energy transformation brand of the long-ann automobile, Avita will locate high-end markets, flag-loading models, and start-up prices will be over $300,000. At the electrodynamic level, in the cooperative Ningde era, it will have a maximum capacity of 200 km, up to a maximum of 730 km.
It has been set up as a high-level intellectual-driving system for the entire department, with a flag-loading model that supports the national uncharted city nca. The electric transition has landed, and brands have opened up to a new product cycle of 2.3 avita: We have been positioned to provide high-end emotional intelligence, with an increase in the number of new cars & enhancements in 2024.
According to research conducted by the Union of Electrical Automobile Users, intelligent driving and high-quality visual design are central reasons why consumers choose Avita in competition. On the intellectual side, the Avita 11-mounted Hung Ming Ming Driving system provides the leading urban noa-highest intellectual driving function and is significantly ahead of competitions, the Naderfaghihzadeh knife design of the BMW 8 convertible.
Table 8: Images of Aveta 11 Users Table 9: Comparison of Aveta 11 with the strength of competing products
Intelligent driving, electrodynamic transformation down, branding up to a new product cycle 2.3 Avita: In 2024, to enable a high-end emotional intelligence position, it's going to be incremental to the new car & increment.
In 2024, four models under the Aveta flag will be introduced to attract consumers with mileage anxiety for the pure tram model. In the current pure electricity and incremental parallel sales, the sale of the extension model will be the main component, with 80% of the sale of the deep blue extension model, and in this proportion, the Aveta model is expected to reach the level of 10,000 monthly sales, helping to meet the 2024 target of 90,000 vehicles.
In September 2023, Aveta opened the European market with high-end strategic brands. In September 2023, Aveta had 12 brands of German Munich, appeared the same month in Milan, and in December at the Thai International Automobile Fair, leading the European and South-East Asian markets.
The electrical transition has landed and brands have opened up the new product cycle • 2.4 gravity sequences: Chang An's basic vehicle sales drive, performing better than the overall market. Chang An's car sales are safer, and fuel trucks are performing better than the overall market.
Car products are the current basic sales volume of long-ann vehicles. Fuel trucks after 2019 are in a state of defense, based on strong product power and consumer recognition, long-ann vehicles are sold in a gravity sequence of 1.25 million vehicles in 2024, and long-term transformation mixes of 1.3 to 1.5 million vehicles are planned. Long-anan cars are planned, with long-anngue gravitational sequences targeting 1.25 million vehicles in 2024, sustained blood production in the short term drives a new energy and intelligent transformation, and products under a long-range flag are gradually being transformed, stabilizing at 1.3 to 1.5 million.
Figure 21: Comparison of Gravity sequence sales and overall market trends
• In March 2024, the National Investment Commission proposed a separate examination of the new energy vehicle business, which is currently under discussion, including a number of new indicators, such as market penetration, profit structure, science, technology and innovation, and safe production, which could be incorporated into the system, while the original “one-profit-five” test indicator was or would be relaxed in order to remove the restrictions on the investment and development of automobile companies in the field of large new energy vehicles.
• Among the three auto companies, Chang An's new energy transition was the fastest, reaching 18.6 per cent in 2023, significantly higher than the East Wind Group's 14.1 per cent penetration rate and the one-gas group's 7.1 per cent, with the new energy branding under the Chang An flag being clearly located and comprehensive, with the source + deep blue + Aveta covering the “low-medium-high” three-tier market. Sales growth was more definite with the impact of testing pressure and the unbundling of non-new energy financial indicators.
Three entrepreneurships took advantage of market trends, the new energy configuration accelerated, the electrical transformations landed, brands opened up the new product cycle, and the elasticity of both branding and sales returns was injected into the elasticity of the new product cycle.
In November 2023, Chang An and Hua signed the Memorandum of Investment Cooperation to set up a target company, which will now host a joint venture.
With smart car solution-related technologies, assets, and people injected into the target company, Chang-Ann won no more than 40% of the target company’s equity, a proportion of which is expected to be out of the market. The target company will gradually open up its equity to China’s strategic co-operatives and other strategicly valuable car companies and become a multi-equity company.
Tier1/tier2 role, which provides car enterprises with components such as electric power systems, bms, laser radars and mdc computing platforms; and he, which provides a fully fledged smart car as tier 0.5 solution: a full-scale enabling car company under the thong twig mode, involved in the entire product definition, whole car design, product supply, listing and marketing.
We're involved in product definition, whole car design, product supply,
All five major smarts, including smart driving systems, smart cabins, etc., are declared and sold, full-time capabilities, systems, laser radars, smart accessories like ar-hud, etc.
It's a three-fold advantage: leading the driver + high-efficiency subtitling + strong brand appeal. It's in the country's first class, and the country's most usable noa function is already being asked.
As the world's leading consumer electronics enterprise, China is over 730 million users of the global end-of-life monthly, with a huge flow continuously directed towards cooperative companies, adding more than 60,000 subline sales networks to achieve high-efficiency penetration; after the launch of the Big Bang model, such as "M7" , the branding of a smart car, "Little Forward" , has been gradually established among consumers, and the intelligence community S7 under the banner of Hong Mengji has reached more than 10,000 in four days and has yet to open a test drive.
In January 2024, with over 30,000 vehicles delivered after the new m7 was marketed. Deep blue cars have been determined to work together in the Hi model, and more brands and product lines are expected to work together in the future, adding elasticity to their sales.
In April, Hong Meng Ji-q1 was expected to make a profit. In 2023, China lost about $6 billion, but, with strong sales performance in the field, the smart car selection model was reversed in q1 and the entire car-bu business is expected to make a profit in April. The future is expected to be made more profitable as Hong Qian and other intellectual brands, such as Hong Qian Qian, move to the market.
The investment returns of the target companies are expected to contribute to the increase in profits. Based on the sale of 15 million new energy vehicles in 2025 and the 8-10% share of the city of Hua-Bu, it is expected that the revenue from vehicle investment will be in 2025, figure 28: Chang-An's return on vehicle investment, figure 27: the current cooperative brand of the car-bu business and the pending brand of future products.
Avate uxeed brand name or pride
Three entrepreneurships took advantage of market trends, the new energy configuration accelerated, the electrical transformations landed, brands opened up the new product cycle, and the elasticity of both branding and sales returns was injected into the elasticity of the new product cycle.
In 2024, the Heinau Baychon marched to South-East Asia & Europe & Heinauchuchon accelerated to sea , in 2024 236.4 thousand autonomous brands were exported to South-East Asia & Europe in 2023, and in 2024 to South-East Asia & Europe.
Autonomous brands number four, concentrated in CIS, Middle Eastern Africa, and Central and South America. The planning layout of the market, in line with the mature and stable domestic market +5 strategy for market consolidation/cubation +2, will gradually grow into an important contribution to overseas sales over the next three to five years in South-East Asia and Europe in 2024. The target for overseas sales doubled in 2024, with autonomous brand exports in January-February compared to +106 per cent. The planned target for overseas sales of vehicles in 2024 was 480,000, compared with actual sales in 2023.
In January-February 2024, 757,000 autonomous branded overseas sales, or +106% of the year, had not yet opened markets in South-East Asia and Europe. Future increases in South-East Asia and Europe are expected to provide further elasticity for overseas sales.
A region-by-region initiative to develop a product plan that opens up new sources + Aveta + deep-blue markets in South-East Asia and Europe. The GFAS is targeting different product portfolios with different market variations, with low penetration and slow growth of new energy vehicles, such as in the CIS, Central and South America, and in Africa in the Middle East, lack of policy support or lack of power to switch vehicles due to lower oil prices, and remains dominated by traditional products; new energy penetration rates are growing rapidly in Europe and South-East Asia, with new energy products taking up their share in the long run.
• For the South-East Asian market, marketed products such as Deep Blues07 and l07 (comparable to Deep Blues 7 and sl03) are sold at a price equivalent to RMB 280,000, well above the price of their domestic counterparts, with an order of more than 5,000 vehicles for two months on the market, after which they will still be placed on Avita 11, Open Source e07, and a more pro-people lumin in line with South-East Asian market consumption levels.
• In terms of the overall objective, by 2030, the GLA programme will have introduced no less than 60 products, with 2 500,000 class products and 2 300,000 class products.
New energy products such as Aveta 11, Deep Blues 7 and c327, which began with a sinking market on a relatively larger scale, Aveta 11, Source e07 and a more pro-pricing lumin.
Oil prices in oil-producing countries are low, new energy replacement power is insufficient, with traditional fuel products such as cs series, vending, and the "Heiner Bichuan" accelerating out of the sea, marching to South-East Asia & Europe in 2024.
Thailand’s factory is expected to be operational at 2025q1, with an forward capacity of 200,000 to cover the global right rudder market. In November 2023, Chang An’s Thai manufacturing base was inaugurated, with an initial capacity of 100,000 vehicles per year and a second phase capacity of 200,000 vehicles.
By the first half of 2023, Chang-Ann had established more than 400 distribution and service outlets in more than 60 countries along the “one-way” route, with long-term plans to build more than 20 localized marketing organizations in overseas markets by 2030, reaching more than 3,000 offshore points and entering more than 90 per cent of the world's markets.
The electric transformation has landed, brands have opened up the new product cycle, and it's an intellectual multi-brand gift, and sales and investment returns have been imbued with flexibilities, and Heiner Begawa has gone out to the sea at an accelerated rate, marching into South-East Asia and Europe in 2024.
The company is an old car company, the result of a powered smart transformation is on the ground, brands are starting a new product cycle up, and the stock market is expected to accelerate the process of product intelligence, 2024. We have chosen the Great Wall vehicles (601633.sh), Biadei (002594.sz) and the Broadbike Group (601238.sh) as comparable companies. The Wall is our leading automobile company, with a number of market-heated brands such as Haver, tanks, and so forth, actively promoting the process of product high-endization and export; Biadi is the leading global market for new energy vehicles in Thailand, Brazil.
Multi-area deployment of overseas production bases in Europe and other regions; a local auto-state company, with a large-scale E-A-new energy vehicle sales position at the forefront of the domestic market. Compared to the company’s three-time entrepreneurship in 2023, the transformation of the new energy mix has accelerated, the electrical transformation has landed and brands have opened up to new product cycles.
In 2024, China stepped up the risk of macroeconomic volatility in South-East Asia & Europe. Poor macroeconomic recovery could lead to insufficient consumer disposable income, delayed decision-making on the purchase of cars, and an impact on the profitability of the industry;
Policy change risks. Changes in smart driving-related policies may prevent the sale or listing of individual vehicles, affecting overall industry development: sales are not as high as expected; company car sales are not as high as they are expected to affect the company’s revenue and profitability levels; raw material price volatility risks. Higher upstream raw materials prices will affect overall profitability in the automobile chain, and hence corporate profitability growth;
Geopolitical risks. The company’s destination for automobile exports and the geopolitical events in the countries concerned could cause car exports to be blocked, thereby affecting industry’s profitability and its ability to work with China less than expected.
Reporting on the use of third-party data for measurement purposes may lead, for information purposes only, to a lack of subjectivity in the measurement results, such as errors in third-party data. The estimates in the report are based on assumptions, etc. The relevant assumptions are subjective and the results are for information purposes only, with actual data, interference and influence from stakeholders such as issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. The present report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I will not be directly guided by the specific recommendations or points of view in this report.
The research subjects’ views reflect the personal views of the research analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute a recommendation or request for quotations on the price of the said securities.
In the case of services such as financial products, investors should give due consideration to possible conflicts of interest between their own companies and associated institutions regarding the content of the reports.