As the impact of the domestic epidemic subsides, credit needs will be made more marginal and bank plate valuations restored.
In the immediate future, we believe that the Bank of Peace is the focus of the current bank block. Small exposure to public risk is expected to benefit from real estate support policies. The ratio of manufacturing to zero public loans to companies is one of the lowest in the country, up to 2019.
Property disposal is written off, and the company basically solves the credit risk burden of the stock. From 2019, the trend towards public malpractice has been positive, with retail assets of good quality. And the company owns the smallest share of housing-related loans in a national bank, with only 18.42% at the end of 2019, at the end of the list.
The housing loan ratio means a better space for asset expansion of good quality. After Spring Day, a number of priority cities have emerged, comparing the unit with the trend of Deep 300, and supporting policies for real estate enterprises, creating conditions for corporate business development and transformation.
• Asset-end pricing is stable, fee-earning is expanding, companies own the highest proportion of non-prime loans in national banks, reaching 49.84 per cent at the end of 2019, so asset-end pricing is less affected by lower macro rates. At the end of the debt, it is tied to peer interest rates.
The overall interest differential is manageable. At the same time, companies have a higher share of private business aum in listed banks, reaching 37.02% at the end of 2019.
Investment proposals: reaffirm the “recommend” rating that we believe Saviour Bank has control over the quality of its assets this year, and that there is room for counter-breathing; and that assets are raised and interest differentials are stable;
This year, the company was able to match the public shorts, the retail strategy was advanced, and the pace of transformation was ahead of comparable counterparts. The current valuation of the bank block is back to five years of historical low, with only 0.75 times the net market level.
People's consumption and capital demand will be released again, especially for retail types of banks. We predict the company's safe bank.
2. Peace Bank (000001): Cleaning up the baggage and expediting the release of micro-credit assets, with the possibility of a re-pacing of profit release.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides out of Hubei Province, businesses will return to work faster, and credit needs will improve on a marginal basis. We believe that the Bank of Peace is one of the priority targets for the moment.
At the end of the line, there is scope for the expansion of high-quality assets; with the highest ratio of individual non-mortgage loans in national banks, asset-end pricing is the least affected by the downside of macro-interest rates; with a higher share of private sector aum, this year’s growth potential is greater. The valuation of the banking plate has returned to a five-year low, comparable to the one at the end of 2018.
In the process of re-entry and policy facilitation, we look forward to having a safe bank as a standard with upward elasticity in the fundamentals of the plate. (i) The smallest manufacturing and zero-to-public lending ratio, credit risk is manageable, and the quality of public assets is continuously improved and robust.
(1) Smaller exposure to public high-risk assets. By the end of 2019, Sino-Safe banks had public loans in manufacturing and commerce (mainly in the zero sector), accounting for only 9.00 per cent of total loans, which is one of the lowest values in the publicly listed national banks.
For example, in late 2015, after the last round of exposure to credit risks, the commercial bank manufacturing and wholesale retail loans accounted for 65.25% of the total loans (including retail loans). And the Bank of Peace has been depressing the risk exposure of these two industries, with the combined lending of both sectors continuing from a record high of 41.40% in 2012 to only the end of 2019.
Small exposure to credit risk means that the impact of economic volatility on the quality of assets is even smaller.
Figure 3: The ratio of bad loans in the production and commercial sectors of the Bank of Peace, Figure 4: Non-performing loans in commercial banks by sector by end of 2015 (2) Addressing the risk load on public stock, with impressive asset quality
Since the end of 2016, after approximately three years of asset adjustment and centralized write-off of the disposal of public loans, the company has largely resolved the credit risk burden of the stock. The company ' s bad rate and provision coverage by the end of 2019 were 1.65 per cent and 183 per cent, respectively, down 10 bp and up 28 pct, respectively, from the beginning of the year, and has returned to the median level of the listed stock.
Moreover, after a one-time treatment of problem loans by 2019q4, the ratio of interest-type loans and the deviation from non-performing loans fell below the average of the listed equity bank, at 2.01 per cent and 86.75 per cent, respectively, with fewer “waters” of asset quality.
(3) The quality of assets in public loans is expected to continue to improve in 2020. In 2019, the company began a new round of public business reforms, with low-risk strategic clients as one of its core clients.
In 2019, strategic client lending grew by 53.30 per cent compared to the end of the year, significantly exceeding the increase of 14.52 per cent in public loans.
(1) The trend in the quality of retail lending assets in 2019 was positive, and the negative rate of retail loans at the end of q2 and q3 fell quarterly in 2019. The rebound in retail non-performing rates in 2019q4 was mainly a one-time adjustment due to the temporary increase in credit classification criteria.
At the end of 2019, it was as low as 0.98%, a decline of 9bp compared to the end of the previous quarter. The poor rate of priority products such as credit cards, car loans, “new credit” loans was significantly lower than at the end of the previous quarter.
(2) At the macro level, the retail failure rate of commercial banks rose and dropped this year, and the retail deficit of commercial banks was largely affected by the risk of co-debting p2p. The large volume restructuring of the p2p sector in 2016 and 2018, the default of p2p, and the multiplicity of residential lending, led to a brief increase in the poor rate of industry-wide consumer lending.
But the negative impact of the rehabilitation of the p2p sector has diminished since 2018. The number of new problem platforms fell by one step from the previous year in 2019. Consumer lending by commercial banks has slowed down since 2018. The bank’s credit card end should now be ending with an increase in the poor rate of consumer lending, mainly due to the release of residual risk from stocks.
Delays in the pace of work, fluctuations in the cash flow of the population, and a delay in offline marketing and collection operations are expected to result in a slight increase in retail underperforming rates in short-term industries. But, with the pace of business re-entry accelerating in late February and March, retailing has returned to normal, and retail lending underperforming rates are expected to return to a downward trend.
(3) Independently of the impact of the restructuring of loan classification at the end of 2019, corporate credit card failures have pushed down credit cards, car loans, and “new credit” consumer loans at a rate of less than 17.61 per cent for all three products by the end of 2019.
Second, the company actively cancels and disposes of non-retailable assets, speeds up inventory risk clearance, and the percentage of individual loan approvals increased quarterly in 2019. Third, retail loans were biased towards individual real estate mortgages, which increased by 64.94% in the same year in 2019. Although home credit is also a loan with a certain consumer identity, it used to be a credit loan in the past.
The main consumer and credit card loans, home credit with collateral, are clearly more risk-resistant. With a combination of measures, we believe that the quality of the company’s retail assets will continue to be good in 2020. (ii) One of the smallest housing-related loans, and there is scope for the expansion of good-quality assets.
(1) By the end of 2019, only 18.42 per cent of the total amount of individual housing loans and loans to public real estate were in the second place in the penultimate place of publicly listed national banks.
In 2019, the company began to slash on housing and property loans from the head office level. In the second half of 2019, loans disbursed at the head office level increased from 36.94% at the end of the year to 53.20% at the end of the year. Real estate increased from 15.10% at the end of the year to 29.91% at the end of the previous year.
After Spring Day, several priority cities have introduced support policies for real estate enterprises, such as delays in the payment of land concessions, reductions in the percentage of security deposits, increased support for credit funds, and relaxation of pre-sale conditions.
Real estate support policies have been extended to the area of individual housing loans, such as fiscal subsidies for title taxes, social security subsidies, the easing of the terms of the loan, and the increase in the amount of the loan to the diaspora. Real estate policy has been adapted from the point and the point of view, with both supply and demand. This has created conditions for the development of bank real estate compliance.
(3) Loans to the real estate sector are conducive to a further transformation of the company, first of all, a less risky real estate operation. At the end of 2019, only 1.18 per cent of the public deficit in the estates of the safe bank was significantly lower than at 2.29 per cent, and the increase in low-risk assets helped to reduce the negative impact of economic volatility. Second, the absorption of the premises.
Savings in real estate enterprises will help to reduce the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. Public deposits at 20104 SWI will increase at a faster rate, with prices falling. 20104 for public deposits.
The cost rate fell from 2.45 per cent in the previous quarter to 2.36 per cent, and the rate of increase rose from 3.77 per cent at the end of the previous quarter to 8.49 per cent. Third, the increase in real estate to public loans facilitated companies ' entry into the personal housing mortgage market, allowing for a short- to long-term shift in the client relationship of the lending business and creating a business base for absorbing high net personal clients.
The transformation of the company has accelerated further. Figure 19: Changes in the cost of public deposits by Peacebanks, changes in the rate of increase in deposits, Figure 18: Comparison of bad rates by industry in Peace Banks
(iii) Highest personal non-deposit ratio, with lower interest rates having less impact (1) asset end-of-end rate of return resistance 49.84 per cent of individual non-deprivement loans to Saviour Bank at the end of 2019, significantly ahead of other national banks
Okay. The pricing of personal consumer loans is largely determined by market supply and demand, less affected by the downside of lpr, and companies have a strong ability to counter interest rates and have a clear advantage over their counterparts. At the industry level, the stock loan interest rate pricing benchmark from March to August of this year will move gradually from benchmark interest rates to lpr.
Interest rate. The interest rate on incremental loans will be reduced first, as a result of the downfall of lpr. The ratio of non-mortgage loans for the one-year period and the five-year period of lpr, which have been offered in February, and the annual consumption stimulus, will help the company to maintain a higher rate of return on loans. For example, the lower interest rate on loans in 2019, when the company has a higher rate of return on public loans for the first quarter of 201904.
Each month, the shipbor fell by about 45 bp and 35 bp, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year. The company’s year-end of 2019 and the same period of interest rates linked to its counterparts’ financial interest rates, which are expected to remain downward by the second half of the year, will ease the pressure on banks’ interest spending.
We estimate that the weighted yield on a company's inventory statement is about 8 bp lower than it was at the beginning of the year, with a reduction in the absorption of public deposits. The company's interest rate on public deposits is lower than that on individual deposits, with an average interest rate difference of 20 bp in 2019. From 2019q2, the rate of increase in public deposits has been reduced, and the rate on public deposits has been phased in from year to year q1.
The improvement in the absorption effect of public deposits is largely due to the dynamism of companies in real estate, government finance and financial transactions. Figure 26: Higher private sector aum ratio of public demand deposits and term deposits (including bonds) to higher (iv) growth, with greater potential for growth in revenue management
The bank aum structure is now dominated by private clients, with a 37 per cent private aum ratio at the end of 2019, and a higher risk profile for private customers is more conducive to the realization of an equity payout. This year, it is governed by a new statute, and the size of the property is expected to be protected.
Low growth has made it difficult to make a significant contribution to the management income. But the marketing of managed products is expected to be a new growth point. Market liquidity has become easier since the spring of February, and long-term confidence in the economy has boosted equities.
The estimated scale of sales products is about 40.78 per cent, which corresponds to this year’s retail trend. Figure 29: Aum share of the private sector of the banks of Peace and of the banks of hiring (2) shows a high contribution of the revenue from the management to the company’s fees.
In 2019, the company’s net revenue from fees grew by 17.40% over the year, a significant increase from 2.03% in the previous year. The largest contribution was in the form of bank card charges, mainly due to the delay in credit card instalments following loan placement. The most significant detail in the increase was in the form of agency and commission fees, which increased by 65.92% in 2019.
Second point of contribution to growth. Agent and commissioning revenue comes mainly from managing operations. There is also a significant recovery in the growth rate of operating investments as public operations are re-opened.
The accelerated expansion began in the second half of 2018, when the Peace Trust's wealth management team was fully integrated into the private banks of the Peace Bank, and high-value net-value clients from the Peace Trust moved to the Peace Bank. As a result of the expansion of the private sector, the Bank grew by almost 40% at the end of the four consecutive quarters of 2019, far more than at the same time.
The private sector accounts for 438,000 clients, second only to the national bank for data disclosure. At the end of 2019, the private clients' “demographic dividend” entered the short platform period. The private sector account for 46.00 per cent of clients in 209q4, a slight decline from 55.51 per cent at the end of the previous quarter. However, the private sector accounts for aum continue to rise, and in 2019, the private sector accounts for q2-q4 aum.
1594, 1637, 1676,000 each. Clients are becoming more sticky, private clients are moving from quantitative expansion to quality, and the private sector aum is moving up to 60.33% by the end of 2019. (4) Working with the group this year is a bright spot, and the mgm relay supports the number of passengers.
In 2018, the company upgraded the Mgm (customer-responsible customer) model and expanded its access to safe life insurance agents. In 2019, the share of wealth clients derived from the group ' s Mgm model was 41.1% of the total net wealth customer, a three-quarter recovery rate.
We measure aum ' s contribution to fee income by using the size of agent and commissioning revenue/average aum, which is comparable to the level of commission rates that banks manage in the aum process. The company ' s use of private clients in recent years has led to a gradual decline, from 0.99 per cent in the second half of 2017 to 0.36 per cent in the second half of 2019.
The rate has slowed down as a shift in the thinking of private clients from quantitative to qualitative services. In the future, through group cooperation and business transformation, the proportion is expected to pick up more middle-class wealth clients and further increase the income of the management business.
The impact of the epidemic on the economy is the biggest concern in the past. But the impact of the current epidemic has gradually faded, and business has resumed its work.
With the acceleration of public demand warming, residential consumption and capital demand will be released again, particularly for retail types of silver 1. As a result of the epidemic, non-performing loans for 2020q1 small micro-enterprises and retail operations are expected to rise in a phased manner.2. 2. Low profit-centre levels in commercial banks may affect the company’s profit release pace.
3. Regional real estate support policies are likely to be moving slowly from point to point. 4. In the context of asset waste, banks ' competition for high-quality assets increases or downward pressure on asset end-of-end rates of return.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.