Day-to-day consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
After several years of high growth, Saffron products will be the focus of corporate development in 2020, with continued strategic inputs, and companies will propose the idea of “Saffron for incremental, bounti-storage” without achieving the target of 20 billion Saffrons and 30 billion Saffrons, which are expected to be marketed next year.
So far, a mature marketing scheme has been developed to introduce a structured approach to solving the pains of the camp. Young 20s and 30s will operate separately, contracts will be signed separately, 20s will work as canals, 30s will work as high-end group buyers.
Channels are separated. 30 is focused on 50 core markets, 10,000 are focused, 5,000 are core, 20 are focused on 100 cities, 70,000 are focused, 15,000 are core, while the core moves are separated, 20 is surrounded by core terminals + banquets, 30 are based on commerce and commerce.
In 2020, the focus of development outside the province was on the south of the Yangtze River, the highest/lowest 12 months of the nationalization process.
An important step. Building on the existing 1+3 plates, the company launched three small market segments, namely Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shanghai, Anhui and Guangdong provinces, 35 cities were designated as core market priorities south of the Yangtze, with the objective of achieving “3 years of peace”
Three-quarterly reviews: The nationalization process has accelerated, with an increase of more than 50 per cent.” The rum market, which had previously been marketed north of the Yangtze River, has begun with MERCOSUR in recent years.
Shanxi wine (60809), Shanxi wine: harvest, and do a lot of basic work. In 2020, northern markets such as Hebei, Shandong, Henan will grow in line with expectations, and profits will be taxed.
During the product restructuring and business quality adjustment phase, the core market south of the Yangtze will become a provincial expectation - 2019/08/27 Shanxi rum (600809).
In 2019, the company was largely on the market, and now the group's white wine assets have been loaded.
Among listed companies, there has been a reduction in group-to-listed transactions and a greater degree of efficiency in management. Next year, companies will continue to promote in-house institutional development and innovation, search for sub-internal mechanisms, strengthen internal management, and upgrade the management of their enterprises to the outside world.
At the same time, the wine proposes a “renewal strategy” that will be written in the best, the best, the best, and the best, which will guide the wine in the medium and the long term. At the same time, it is clear that the idea is to “take all three” and control the volume, raise the quality, raise the price, raise the benefits, and take a few years to solve the problems of excellence and use them for a few more years.
The firm’s goals are realistic next year, but not conservatively, and the next step in deepening reforms is to provide incentives. Companies adjust their product strategies in a timely manner, depending on the stage of market development.
After a year of adjustment control, price order works, and next year we'll lighten up, and 20 sunflowers will show better season by season. Next year, the company will tilt its resources towards green flowers, control the speed of the rise in the bounties, and the high-end share will rise significantly, thus releasing a greater profit elasticity. We predict a company sales harvest in 2020.
Given the rapid growth of the company and the average valuation of the plate, my economy has experienced significant fluctuations, major food safety accidents in the industry, and the company is managing the 9th North Street in Beijing's West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.