High income growth in 2019, profit-making supermarket expectations, high performance rating for 2019, Shanxi wine (600809).
On 6 February, the company issued a fast-track report on its performance, which projected operating income of $11,914 million in 2019, i.e., +26.57 per cent, attributable to the net profit of shareholders in listed companies of $2,024 million, i.e., +37.64 per cent, with a return of $2.33 per share.
\triangleright’s pick-up rate is in line with our earlier expectations, with profits growing at a slightly higher rate than expected. q4-quarter net profit of 2,787/328 million, or 13.02%/+61.58%, respectively. o4 profit-end increase has continued since 3.
High growth is due mainly to the accelerated expansion of markets outside the province, strong marketing strategies and good marketing of medium- and high-end products > wine products, sustained improvement in marketing structures, 19 years of good marketing of wine products, and ensuring overall corporate performance.
The unit, compared to the 300-year-old trend, is well-controlled, with 20 of them still the main sales force, and 20 tons of them are expected to be sold over the next 4,000 tons. There is still room for price increases in the Saffron series.
As a whole, the company’s saffrons, Panama, Panama, and botanium products have been imported into the national market, and the product’s prices have been fully covered, with a combination of high and low prices.
The company’s ongoing cooperation and interface with China is continuing, with the central objectives of improving the corporate culture and enhancing market-based management and management mechanisms. The short-term objectives are to strengthen the company’s marketing and marketing channels.
In the first three quarters of 19 years, the company completed the docking of about 5 per cent of the Chinese channel, and it is expected that in 2020 the Department will also accelerate the effective interface with Huayun in terms of management, marketing, sharing of resources, business synergy, and effective improvement of the quality and efficiency of the mix.
The industry valuation, s01051901004, takes into account the positive expansion of corporate ownership, long-term growth certainty, and maintenance of a “recommended” rating. The economic downturn has held back demand, the pace of performance has not been as high as expected, food safety, etc.
1. Industry depth report: High-end liquor, with a focus on sub-high-end wine and high-quality real estate wine
2. Annual strategy 2019: Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements. Beijing University, Beijing, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Arts. Entered the securities industry in 2011. The Institute of Private Securities is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies.
In 2018, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, joined the public securities industry, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,