Three years of reform, perfect withdrawal, and revival of Qing Xianglong Head, the company released its 2019 performance report, and in 19 it achieved sales revenue of $11,914 million (before adjustment).
/ +27.0/26.6 per cent) with a net return of 2.02 billion yuan (before/after adjustment +38.0/37.6 per cent);
Over-expected growth (about 30 per cent); accelerated expansion of the Botanium channel, relying on the Chinese market to open up (manufacturing, raising quality, raising prices, raising benefits), strategy or shift to “middle-high, controlling bottom companies will fine-tune Saffron series of products, operating 20-channel channels, mainly on a commercial basis”
The company buys resources, while Xiaohua 30 will operate as the main destination to achieve the 20/30 billion double income target, with a series of shocks of $5 billion; Boone is expected to rise steadily and will continue to use the channel to secure a 50-dollar price advantage; Gold Award, Old White
The company is expected to follow the drive, while the company will fully exploit the brand content, driving the growth of the jab and almond village wine. (2) Sub-regionally, in 19 the company was strategically laid out with the “1313” market, with the provincial market growing at a rapid pace, with more than half of the revenue from the out-of-provincial market.
It is expected that mature markets such as Henan, Shandong and Beijing will be driven mainly by green flowers in 20 years, emerging markets such as Jiangxi will be able to regenerate the country in three years.
In the long run, the outbreak accelerates the industry to shuffle cards, brands to be more profitable and stable.
2019-10-28 The company will continue to squeeze together with the price of the competition, and the trend towards concentration of the head of the industry will continue. The company will act as the nation's Qing 2, Shanxi Liquor (60809): Time
It's a powerful brand, and it's nationalized after the completion of the infrastructure of the Quantico Clan, and it's been halfway through the mission, and it's clear that there's an advantage in the layout. The company has made several breakthroughs in three years, and the country has been well-placed in 19 years.
It also provides a solid foundation for the company’s future renewal. In the post-estate transformation, it is expected that the reform measures will be deepened.3 Shanxi Wine (60809): White wine will remain on the ground, internal business dynamism is expected to be released further, and the Qing Qing Xianglong Head will continue to recover.
In 19 years, the O.S.I.C. had been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and had been in possession of a securities investment advisory committee.