The Centre for Consumer Upgrading and Recreational Studies performed slightly more than expected in 19 with 20-year-old flowers accelerating their release. The Shanxi Liquor performance forecast, operating income of $11,914 million, an increase of 26.57 per cent; and the net return to the mother.
The company achieved operating income of 11,914 million yuan, an increase of 26.57 per cent: the net return to the mother was 2,024 million yuan, an increase of 37.64 per cent. The 19-year excess performance was mainly due to: 1) the accelerated release of the botanium and the smooth mid-point performance of the Saffron series. According to the survey feedback, 19-year-old flower systems were well developed.
The rate of growth is about 30 per cent, and the rate of growth is over 50 per cent. (2) The company has strengthened its strategic synergy with Huayun, and is determined to implement a strategy of “take both sides and bring the middle” of the product, with a steady increase in the share of medium- and high-end products.
The 20-billion-dollar growth in young flowers, breaking the 5-billion mark. 2) Out-of-provincial strategy: the south of the Yangtze market break, with an average increase of 50 per cent over three years. 3) Brand layout: fully excavated brands, with a major breakthrough in the village of bamboo leaf and almonds. Three years of reform in the village of bamboo leaves and almonds, with an average of 62 per cent over the past three years.
The impact of the epidemic is limited in time and to a limited extent, and there is no need to worry about it. Overall, the epidemic is affecting the white wine industry.
In terms of product structure, the Saffron series has moved to between 3 and 5 billion calibres of sales, with a greater impact; the Bolivia has a low-end location, with a higher share of drinking and less affected by the epidemic.
There are hundreds of cities across the country that are in the process of nationalization, and sales are expected to recover first. Liu Xinxing, Food safety risks: macroeconomic downsides; bulk price increases are not expected; and industry competition is increasing.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment