Performance continues to increase, and short-term epidemics do not accelerate the “nationalization” trend. Click here to enter text.
The company released its 2019 fast-track performance report, which achieved a revenue of RMB 11,914 million/+26.57 per cent during the reporting period; and a net profit of RMB 2,024 million/+37.64 per cent. Of this, RMB 2,788 million/+29.42 per cent was earned in 2019q4; and the scarcity of brand names was gradually recognized, recognized and selected by high-quality distributors in the context of accelerated concentration of the market.
Quote, under the influence of the “new crown” epidemic, or affect the company's revenue growth rate in 2020, but without changing the brand-driven nationalization of the company (completed the “Call of the Sunshine” market and the national priority city spots) and the light bottled wine, as a basic logic for consumer sensitisation, the harvesting of the low-end box, the fast-growing logic of maintaining the “strength”
• "Caught the middle of the two-head belt," sub-high-end green flowers and light bottles of wine kept growing fast.
The sales are expected to grow by more than 30 per cent, following a $10 billion annual bust, a sub-high-end Saffron brand grab-up of sub-high-end consumption, and a solid fermentation of the bottle and a good price for the bottle, with an upward trend in the price of the bottle, with a strong 50-dollar price margin, which is expected to grow by more than 60 per cent. The overall revenue growth in 2020 is expected to be sustained.
• The impact of the short-term epidemic increased income in 2020 but accelerated the trend towards “nationalization”
About 20% of the money, the shipment, and the "new crown" impact of the epidemic on end-to-end growth in performance throughout the year, but the green flower "Performance Growth Over-expected, Channel Top Selection of the Scarcity", the "Nationalization" trend and the fast-paced growth of the bountiful logic remain unchanged.
2019-10-27 Nationalization is fine. The last round was the Ocean River's channel to fight brands and move to the country.
There are more opportunities for wine. From a regional perspective, the western plate around the mountain has been built, from the plate to the whole country, to eliminate the low brand tension. 2019-08-27 million provinces now cover 700,000 terminals, with a solid base and more than 2 million dead in the ocean.
Intra-provincial foundations are solid, outreach is accelerating, the future ends are huge, and in the product structure, the 50-dollar bobble on the wind has broken by 60 per cent in 2019, 4 billion body weights, and short-term expansion through 20 and 30 ceremonials, solving short-term high growth problems, and the future.
Intra-provincial coal economy is good, and the country is changing its dividends to speed up the process of tracking team capacity and model synthesizing and exporting.