Events: The company issued its annual performance forecast for 2019, which is expected to realize a gross operating income of 11,914 million yuan, i.e. 26,57 per cent, and a net return to the mother of 2,024 million yuan, i.e. 37.64 per cent; 2019 q4 of which is expected to be achieved throughout the year.
The increase in profits was higher than expected, with medium- and high-end product sales accounting for 66 per cent. The year 2019 saw a year-on-year increase in net profits of 26.57 per cent and 37.64 per cent, respectively, of which 2019 q4 net profits and returns increased by 29.38 per cent and 64.80 per cent, respectively, and the profit increase was higher than expected.
The higher expectations are that the product structure will continue to optimize, with a 66% sales ratio for medium- and high-end liquor products, a 40% increase in the Saffron series throughout the year, and the advantages of a large single series will be highlighted. The impact of the epidemic is relatively limited, and the next billion years will focus on the amount of flower.
During the spring season, the demand for short-term white wine declined, but given that the sunflowers are still expanding at an accelerated rate, the sword of Ouyang-woo, which is dominated by self-drinking consumption, the overall impact is relatively limited.
A billion-dollar growth will ensure that the Saffron series reaches the 5 billion mark (sale caliber); the current rate is 80%, and the overall growth will increase steadily. The Saffron series, while creating a high-end brand image, will further strengthen the four most famous alcoholic genes, which are key to achieving the strategic revival of the boss.
Guo Xiaodong responded that during the pre-spring period, the overall supply was relatively robust, and that the priority areas outside the province, such as Henan and Shandong, were more active, with the expected rate of funding for the spring festival being 20-25 per cent for the year and 35 per cent for the whole quarter.
Leung Liang channels, institutional reforms are moving forward, and the company is doing a great job. The company’s strategy to promote China’s entrepreneurship is continuing, with 56% of its current sales abroad, and will steadily achieve the target of a three-year average increase of 50% in the south of the Yangtze market; in addition, the grouping of alcohol assets has been incorporated into listed companies and has greatly facilitated.
The company’s production and marketing system is being optimized, and it is expected to continue to make a big brand of strong wine in the future.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, the net profits of the shareholders of the parent company were 20.22, 24.94 and 2,988 million yuan: the corresponding amounts were 35.28 per cent, and 1000 per cent of the total profits of the Shanghai and China mouth rings.
The city’s rising rate and the luminous bottling became a national monolith, maintaining an “upgrade” rating.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.