On March 19th, the company announced a change in the Sanxi Bamboo Bong Health Industry Project.
On the same day, a conference was held at the headquarters of the Liquor Group on the occasion of the launch of the Bamboo Industry Team.
This reform, which focuses on the national health-care liquor market, highlights three main bright spots, 1) is expected to attract cross-domain capital, enhance support for war-related resources and promote multiple rounds of finance; 2) Takeo Ying will gradually become a market-based “business partnership” for municipal selection plus equity incentives plus project investment plus venture funds.
A step-by-step release of business dynamics; 3) companies will be able to create a digitalized supply chain for the wine industry. Bamboo leaves date back to the North-South era, China’s oldest health-care brand, which in the 1970’s was more than a product such as Mautai, and exports the first product in the industry.
In 19 years, the company won about $500 million, and there is still much potential for growth from the location of the products from the "health first brand" of wine. The Qingbong cloth has many benefits: we believe that the company has much to gain from the nationalization of the Qingbong.
1. The market for medium- and high-quality health-care alcohol is wide-ranging and needs to be consolidated. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the current market for health-care alcohol is about 30-40 billion people, of which the low-quality health-care liquor market, represented by alcohol (10-15 yuan per bottle), is over-represented, as consumption levels and health awareness increase among the population.
In the future, the company is expected to increase its performance directly through the rapid entry of $50 or more in the health-care price belt with strong brand bottoms and flexible management mechanisms. 2) This reform will be in the organization of the company (information, digital management), deeper reform (mixing for marketization) and branding.
(c) A nationalization strategy for help companies, based on the brand of "bread" for the company, which can draw on the "basin of bamboo" 1 and "Sanxi" (60809) for three years.
The South Market, which is home to more than half of the world’s rural population, has been expanded beyond the province, especially in the South, where the culture of subsistence is prevalent.
• The rejuvenation of the country with the promise of a dividend that will continue to unleash the revival of the Auxiliary Company: three years after the transformation of the country,2 Shanxi Liquor (60809): the Division of Performance has made adjustments in product strategies, organizational management, marketing systems, etc., on its way to harvest.
The company continues to make breakthroughs in terms of incentives, equity mixes and branding, reflecting the firm's development path of continuous release of dividends through a change of approach and future branding.
The potential for nationalization is still very high. As the nation’s ginseng, 3, Shanxi, 60809: Time.
It is expected that future corporate reforms will be sustained, contributing to the recovery of the company.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board