The stage rhythm is optimized and stock levels are maintained. 23q2, the company achieved 14.368 billion sous effects, the company optimized the delivery and rhythm of its products, ensuring the quantity of the inputs and market demand, the suitability of the distributors, and the current channel stock level is around a month (pre-season delivery in the subregion).
In the first half of the year, the company achieved 41,892 million yuan, or +87 per cent, of its drinking revenue, of which 15,179 million yuan in food and fluid, with a fraction of the price.
Greater focus on high-quality delivery, low-level five-food fluid diffusion, with changes in product structure leading to a drop in ton prices. In the first half of the year, Māori increased steadily, offset by an increase in the success rate and a decline in the price of tons.2 Other alcohol revenues of $6,713 million contributed +33.7 per cent, 27.1 per cent, and the Māori rate was the same.
In the first half of the year as a whole, the rate of alcohol and gin is the same as that of five grains (00858.sz): strategic five grains (000858.sz): smooth.
Sales rates have contracted slightly, and profit levels have increased. 23q2, corporate taxes and surcharges are equal to \triangleright ' s net home-to-home interest rate for the second quarter of the year +0.01 pct to 31.28% (the same year in the first half of the year).
+0.81 pct) The level of profitability is still rising.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing: Risk factors: the impact of a weak recovery in consumption; increased competition in the industry; and the emergence of senior industrialists and leading schools.
Li Qing Feng, Master of Finance, Graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, three years of experience in food and beverage research, two years of experience in bond research. Coverage of pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, acrylic chefs, high-quality foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeasts, familiar with seafood, millimeter cooking, seafood, Qinghai International).
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, three years of experience in food and beverage research.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, three years of food and beverage research experience.
2 years of research and development on food and beverage. Covered dairy products (in-depth study of the shares of Elie, the milk industry of Moncées, excellent bluedo, Kabyoyo), beverages (in-depth study of the beverages of Tohoku), Wei-Jin Zhang, Wuhan University of Technology, two degrees in law and economics, two years of work in the financial sector, followed by 13 years of work in the white industry.
First-line sales in Penang County, Dukang, and Shelde, with practical experience in high-end, sub-high-end, low-middle-end prices, production, strong thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white industry, especially in analysing the competitive patterns of the sub-high-end alcohol industry. Tang was powerful, Bachelor of Arts, Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-out industry, 10 years of experience in first-line white wine sales, and himself in high-end white wine.
Wang Xueqian, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (in-depth research on Chinese gin, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), water, and beverages.
In 2023, he joined the Sindha food and beverages team, covering mainly white wine plates. The components were not relevant, were not relevant, and would not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.