Food beverages with five grains of fluid (000858) with strong resilience and robust performance, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company released its mid-2023 report, which generated 45.510 billion yuan in revenue in the first half of the year, i.e. + 10.4 per cent of the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother of 4.49 billion yuan, i.e. + 5.1 per cent of the same year; single q2 revenues and profits were slightly lower than market expectations. • The high end of the five grains was well released, with a double-digit increase in 23h1.
The current revenue was $35.18 billion, or +10.0 per cent, of which sales/tonne prices were +15.8 per cent/-5.0 per cent respectively, with a steady growth rate of 39 degrees/tonne per cent, leading the increase in the fluids; wine series generated $6.71 billion, or +2.7 per cent, sales/tonne prices were +33.7 per cent/-23.2 per cent, respectively, and alcohol series sales were recovering at the end of the series.
The distribution channel, the 23h1 distribution model, achieved revenue of $24.31 billion, compared to 7.2 per cent, the direct sales model generated revenue of $17.8 billion, compared with +11.1 per cent, and the company actively promoted the construction of the Smart Door 2.0, the number and quality of special stores, the steady increase in profitability, and the performance of contractual liabilities. The 23h1 company ' s Māori ratio dropped by 0.1 percentage points.
In terms of cash flows, 43.05 billion yuan was received for cash sales in the first half of the year, equivalent to +37.0 per cent, $3.65 billion for contract liabilities at the end of the second quarter, equal to +94.5 per cent, good corporate-channel inventory, positive funding and sufficient surplus during the second half of the year.
• Quality marketing is advancing steadily, and competitive advantages are increasing. Firms such as 1,2,3h1 insist on “quality marketing” at its core, with a steady focus, strong and orderly marketing of major products and steady growth in high-quality marketing, with growth above double digits at the end of the first half of the year equal to +10.4 per cent, highlighting stronger growth resilience.
During the first half of the year, companies were actively engaged in a variety of thematic marketing activities to increase brand influence, promote the development and marketing of cultural alcohol, promote the reform of marketing systems, continuously upgrade consumers to open bottles, and continuously enhance competitive advantages through a combination of multiple dimensions, such as brands, products, channels.
At a reasonable level, with companies actively preparing for the mid-autumn season, 23q3 sales are expected to accelerate, with high annual double-digit growth targets being achieved; in the medium-to-long term, a long-term trend is to expand the 1,000-dollar band, and the company is expected to continue to benefit from it as an absolute champion of the 1,000-dollar slot.
The company is at the top of a thousand-dollar position and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.