Five grain fluids (000858.sz)
The announcement h1 achieved 45.51 billion revenues, an increase of 10.4 per cent, a net profit of 17.4 billion, an increase of 12.8 per cent, a net profit of 14.37 billion in 2q, an increase of 5.1 per cent, a net profit of 4.49 billion, an increase of 35.18 billion in H15, an increase of 10 per cent in the same year, an increase of 1618, low, etc.
Impact of bottle-scanning activities: 15.8 per cent increase in sales over the same period and 5 per cent decrease in ton prices compared to the same period; increased revenue from Liquor products by 6.71 billion per cent over the same period, 2.6 per cent over the same period, and increased market sales on a daily basis by opening bottle-scanners and maintaining a double-digit increase in the same number of liquor sales over the same period
33.7 per cent, with a 23.2 per cent drop in the price of tons on a year-on-year basis, as the macroeconomic climate and the recovery in consumption are less rapid than expected, the growth of 2q performance has slowed, with a steady improvement in the structure of the company ' s products and a better matrix of alcohol products in the first half of the year.h1 alcohol products
The Māori ratio ranged from 0.75 pct to 82.61 per cent over the same period, of which the Māori rate for five food and liquid products increased by 0.7 pct for the same year, with an increase in the efficiency of the investment of h1 and a decrease of 1.1 pct to 10.95 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a decrease of 0.3 pct over the same year and a decrease of 0.7 pct over the same year.
Through enhanced marketing in the second quarter, we believe that the stock of the company ' s main product channels is now low, institutional investors account for the share of the circulation a, and many major events and conferences have been held in the first half of the year, leading to increased brand visibility.
Around the dollar/bottle, prices recovered from late April to early May, and the next half of the year, with white wine sales coming in, light-loaded, the pace of performance is expected to accelerate. Prices are 20 and 17 times higher, respectively, and companies continue to push for marketing reforms and upgrading of their channels.
Quality of solid development, long-term high-quality development, current value for money highlights, maintaining “buying of chinaresearchdept. chinaresearchdept.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.