The company's review of the white wine, the five grain fluids, Liu Lei-jin.
Events: Corporate announcement of performance in the first half of 2023, yielding revenues of 45.5 billion yuan, or +10.4 per cent of the year; corporate growth in revenues and profits as a whole in the first half of the year, which is in line with the year-wide guidelines.
Controls are reduced to keep channels in good stock and maintain product prices and market order; at the same time, companies are more committed to promoting end-of-life sales through various branding campaigns, thematic marketing activities, off-line activities, red-packing, etc.
Liquor sub-products, which earned $35.2 billion in the first half of the year, compared to +10 per cent, of which sales were equal to +15.8 per cent and average ton prices were equal to ~5 per cent. Of this amount, high ton-priced alcohol digestion social stocks, low 5 per cent and cash sales and returns increased by the same amount. Other liquor revenues in the first half of the year were $6.7 billion, compared to + 2.7 per cent.
The median sales were the same as +33.7%, and the price was the same as 23.2%, owing to the rapid growth of the bottled wine, which resulted in a lower average price, but the overall structure of the strong series of wines has not been destroyed. The subregion’s eastern, western, and central tables are relatively good, with a slight weakening performance in the south and north.
-0.1 pct, sales cost ratio equal to -0.7 pct, and the rest of the cost ratio has not changed much. It is worth noting that the relative depth of 300 shows that, despite a drop in alcohol ton prices, the company ' s Māori rate has remained stable on the same basis, thanks to its name.
The steady rise in the alcohol-out rate and effective cost-control measures have also eased the pressure on the sales side to push down alcohol. Investment proposal: We believe that the overall pace of corporate development is compatible with macro-consumption, with a focus on dimensions.
The price sheets are stable, the channels are good, the business risks are reduced, and high-quality growth is promoted.
(000858.sz): Cash flow is beautiful and brand power continues to grow. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Liu Li Jin, Master of Finance, Shanghai Transport University, seven years of experience in securities research in the food beverages and other consumer goods industry, with a focus on drinking plates and some non-drinking labels.