The first half of the year saw a double-digit increase in income and a positive solution to the historical legacy The first half of the year saw a double-digit increase in food beverages and white wine ii, with a slight pressure on performance in the second quarter.
2023h1 achieved gross operating income of $45.506 billion, compared to +10.39%; net return to the mother; stock problems, with a slight pressure on the increase in the five-quarter food harvests in the second quarter; moderate deceleration in the second quarter, with strategic determination to proactively address historical burdens.
+15.8%/-5.0% sales/tonne price for the P5 series. The decline in tonnage is mainly due to the digestion of high-priced products and the faster rate of increase in stocks and low-value P5 fluids; the sales volume/tonne price for the P5 series is +34%/-23%, mainly low.
In the first half of the year, the gift market recovered, and the P5 brand advantage expanded, with hundreds of millions of dollars, +95% of the year, benefiting from base effects and brand tension. The company actively adjusted the year-round pace of operations and did not release its contractual liabilities for smooth performance.
The top five clients’ earnings were equal to +12.1%, largely consistent with the growth rate of the main brand. The subregion saw better growth in central markets, such as East China’s last year’s epidemiology of the epidemic, as well as in central markets, such as Jiangxi and Hunan.
Today, companies have started to reduce P5 by taking a proactive approach.
In quota management, the company will insist on a “triple contraction, three guarantees”, and will ensure that “Five grains -00858 - Critical Events Rapid Assessment: 21 years of steady operation, 22 years of steady demand”.
A net profit of $4.495 billion, or +5.11% of the year. With a recovery in business demand segmentation and historical inventory problems, the growth in the five-season harvests has been slightly constrained.
Revenue of $351.81 billion, or +10 per cent/+3 per cent, drove the alcohol-rich ratio to +0.8 per cent in the first half of the year. Sales of the five-food series/tonne value to +15.8 per cent/-5.0 per cent respectively. The drop in tonnage was mainly due to high prices of the classic five-food fluids. Edening of stocks and low five-food fluids increased faster; sale of the series/tonne price to +34 per-23 per cent, mostly at lower prices.
The cost of 2023h1 tons is equal to 14%, and benefits mainly from the optimization of internal cost control. In the single quarter, corporate revenue is equal to +5.1%, mainly through the proactive handling of historical stocks, leading to a relative deviation between the speed of statements and actual sales. In the first half of the year, the gift market recovered, the P5 brands expanded, and actual sales are expected to increase.
q2 business needs are slightly reduced, companies have taken the initiative to reduce the delivery ratio to about $935, leaving some strategic space for mid-autumn operations. On the cost side, the q2 sales cost/management rate is the same as -0.6 pct/-0.2 pct, which is expected to be a low level of five grain fluids, and part of the cost of 1618 is accounted for on a discount basis.
q2 end-of-year corporate contract liabilities of $3.65 billion, or +95%, benefiting from base-level effects and brand tension are highlighted. The company actively adjusts the pace of its operations throughout the year and does not release its contractual liabilities for smooth performance.
Tickets, showing a slight decline in the same year (receivables and receivables financing during the same period in the previous year), mainly because (1) the liquor store gave a certain policy for cash returns in the current year, so that some distributors chose more to use cash returns; (2) the company took on a larger balance of currency notes than others, mainly because of the speed of repayment by the distributor; and (3) the acceptance of currency notes. ]
In terms of receipts, single q2 receipts ranged from 19% to 19%, mainly from company q1 cash returns, which are largely consistent with the growth rate of the main brand. In the subregion, companies in the East/South/West/North/Central region have reduced the pressure on large firms to raise money and have taken the initiative to improve their business relations.
The top 20 distributors are expected to reduce their quotas by about 15%, while encouraging smaller firms to take goods from larger firms and reduce the pressure on larger firms. Currently, the price of the five batches is expected to be about $935, and there is a gradual reversal, and companies, through their main initiative, have reduced the price pressure on larger firms and reduced the price pressure on the five items.
Third is to ensure that market prices are stable and good. Company q2 is willing to slow down, deflate historical burdens, and future corporate statements are expected to grow faster and faster.
Taking into account the uncertainty of the recovery in demand, prior to the renovation of the profit forecast and introduction in 2025, it is projected that the company will generate operating income and increase (in billions, per cent) for the single quarter of the five grain fluids, figure 2: operating income and increase (in billions, per cent) for the single quarter of the five grain fluids.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject