Rationalizes the rhythm and moves forward with stability – the five grain fluids (000858.sz) incident review report released on August 25, 2023, the semi-annual report of the five grain fluids.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn takes the initiative to slow down the pace and perform as expected with a more stable end-of-life performance.
Net operating cash flow of $1.794 billion (or 66 per cent less), sales refunds Sub-products, 2023h1 alcohol/plastic products/print/bottles/other collections, respectively
In the first half of the year, the company increased its efforts to develop a five-food liquid culture and alcohol series, and to accelerate the development of the old wine market.
On the other hand, the company focuses on five grain springs, five ol, five grains, and a big one, positive feedback, steady year-round progress, 2023-single, with bottle-scanning and double-digit growth in the first half of the year, and sharpness at the same time.
Glory is gradually entering the market. The liquor sub-channels show that the revenues on the 2023h1 line/down line are 25,09/39,383 million yuan, or 16 per cent/+11 per cent, respectively, respectively.
With regard to branding, the company achieved 1.75 billion brands exposures through Wonchun's activities, and in the second half of the year, the company continued to work together with the audience to present its mid-autumn evenings and see that branding will continue to be released.
See, the 2023h1 east/south/west/northern/central camp received a fraction of the price, with sales of 2023h1 per cent of liquid food products/other alcohol products amounting to 2.7.738 million tons, compared to +11 per cent/+39 per cent, respectively; the average price was respectively + 39 per cent
There are 3114 total distributors in the country, 99 more than at the beginning of 2023. In addition, the company, which held its shares for one year from 24 August of that year, now holds a total share.
Double-digit growth. According to the company's semi-annual report, we've made a slight adjustment to the company's macroeconomic downside risk, the growth of the season less than expected, and the price of the batch less than expected.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: LL.B., University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master ' s degree in law, economics, and a taste industry study. Shaw Yannan: Master ' s degree in finance, University of Hunan, graduated in June 2023, joined Chinese securities research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.