资 附
行 全
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Raised full-year guidance post strong quarterly
Target Price
RMB167.38
results
(Previous TP
RMB167.38)
Up/Downside
+28.57%
■ 3Q21 earnings in line. WuXi AppTec reported 3Q21 revenue/attributable net
Current Price
RMB130.18
revenue /attributable net profit to RMB16,521mn/RMB3,562mn (up 40%/50%
China Healthcare Sector
YoY), which accounted for 73%/68% of our full-year estimate. Attributable
Jill Wu, CFA
increased by 88% YoY to RMB3,106mn. The Company booked RMB548mn
fair value losses in 9M21 (vs RMB312mn in 9M20) and RMB1,374mn
investment gains in 9M21 (vs RMB411mn in 9M20), totaling 19% of its pre-
tax profit during the same period. With its growing business scale, WuXi
AppTec's staff number grew by 29.4% YoY to 33,305 as of Sep 2021,
including 1,666 US-based employees and 308 EU-based staff.
CDMO and clinical CRO maintained strong momentum. CDMO revenue
grew by 32% YoY to RMB2,035mn in 3Q21 (up 52% YoY in 9M21). CDMO
project number reached 1,548 (+36% YoY), including 47 in Phase 3 projects
(+12% YoY) and 37 in commercial stage projects (+42% YoY). We highlight
that the Company now has 77 oligo & peptide drug CDMO projects (+97%
YoY). Management expect the CDMO segment to deliver 50%+ YoY growth
Shareholding Structure
in 2021. For clinical CRO, revenue increased by 33% YoY to RMB419mn in
25.07%
Management
3Q21 (up 47% YoY in 9M21). Clinical CRO business has experienced a
A-share public shareholders
61.38%
continuous recovery from the negative impact of COVID-19 in China in 2020.
H-share public shareholders
13.55%
Source: Bloomberg
Rapid development of new capabilities. Cell & gene therapy (WuXi ATU)
revenue was up by 15% YoY to RMB283mn in 3Q21 (5% YoY decline in 9M21)
Share performance
driven by 223% YoY growth in China market. WuXi ATU is now providing
CDMO services for 61 CGT projects, including 10 projects in Phase 3 stage.
In addition, revenue from new modalities (including oligo, cancer vaccine,
PROTAC, etc.) increased by 56% YoY in 9M21, which will provide new
Source: Bloomberg
revenue growth drivers, in our view.
12-mth price performance
Management raised 2021 full-year top-line growth guidance to 36-38%
YoY, which is backed by the solid growth in 9M21 as well as the foreseeable
projects contributed a limited portion of its total revenue in 9M21, implying
high-quality earnings growth during 2021.
Maintain BUY. We expect WuXi AppTec to book revenue growth of 37%/
33%/31% YoY in FY21E/22E/23E, respectively, and the adjusted Non-IFRS
net profit growth of 43%/29%/34% YoY in the same periods. We maintain our
10-year DCF-based TP at RMB167.38 (WACC:9.74%, Terminal growth: 3%).
Source: Bloomberg
Earnings Summary
Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Related Reports
Strong recovery continued – 16 Aug
Building cutting-edge expertise to
Strong growth outlook in 2021 and
Accelerated growth in 3Q20 driven by
strong performance in CDMO and
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: CMBIS estimates
Financial Statements
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.