We're tired of the domestic challenge, and we need to focus more on new global warming opportunities.
The air conditioners stay center-to-end, the market share is under pressure: 1) industry online data, 2025h1, household space transfers benefit from state supplementation, with 6,654 million domestic sales, or +9%; they are under-utilized by the market for business projects.
In the post-natal cycle, the central air conditioning market in China sold 56.4 billion yuan, corresponding to -10.1 per cent) the same ratio-0.3 pct, which remained largely stable.
Avc, low end sales below $2,100 on the 2025q2 air-conditioning line were more than 50% for the first time. Gravity adheres to middle-end positioning, demand holds. The company line first pushes the sex-priced crystals, but the scale of the promotion is small and has little impact.
Air-conditioning companies such as X, which operate in multi-brand ways, have a price-for-line approach. Industrial products have grown faster: 1) 2025h1, industrial products and green energy, 9.59 billion yuan, +17.1%; mainly the environment of the shield, as well as air-conditioning compressors, electric machines, and titanium.
Thinking about how to respond to the challenges and opportunities of the global heating and air conditioning industry: 1) 2025h1, the company ' s net return profit rate of 14.8% is the highest among air-conditioning companies. Given the share of non-air-conditioning services, the company ' s air-conditioning business is profitable.
The rate is higher. This matches the company’s long-term medium- and high-end brand positioning and the quality of the company’s identity to a large number of consumers. 2) As the domestic air-conditioning industry has developed in recent years, the number of second-line air-conditioning companies has grown rapidly, the size gap has narrowed, and the cost differentials in the industrial chain have decreased.
Equipping sales and developing new ways. While companies are pushing for channel reform, there is a gap. 3) Beyond this, the future of the industry opportunities for heating air-conditioning poles, mainly increased domestic air-conditioning penetration in Europe and emerging market countries, central air-conditioning in the United States, heat pump demand as a result of changes in European heating patterns, and data
At present, domestic air-conditioning is sold mainly on a nationally owned brand along the way, but other industry opportunities need to be enhanced. By product category, 25h1 consumes electrical/industrial products and green energy/smart equipment/other majors/other operations.
The Māori ratio of 2024h1 continues to be based on the original accounting policy. Figure 1: Split income from company-owned business (annual, by product) Figure 2: Split yoy income from company-owned business (annual, by product)
Figure 3: Company revenue from consumer electrical operations and the same rate of increase (annual) Figure 4: Split revenue from company-owned operations (annual, by region) (ii) Corporate major finances
Figure 9: Gross operating income of companies (annual) (\equiv)
By product, 25h1 refrigeration fittings/refrigerating equipment/car heat management earned 54.1-480 million yuan, +8.8 per cent/-31.4 per cent/+81.8 per cent, respectively.
(i) Domestic air-conditioning: The year 2024 was a year of spectacular sales in July. In the fourth quarter of 2024, domestic sales benefited from the State subsidy policy stimulus, which was equal to + 24 per cent throughout the year, and the policy subsidy stimulus was significant. On exports, 96.41 million units were exported in 2024, an increase of 36.08 per cent.
In July, the volume of sales in air conditioners showed good performance, and subsequent pressures are expected.1 Industry online data, with 1,058,000 sales in air conditioners in July 2025, compared to +14.3 per cent, are mainly driven by high and persistent temperatures in many parts of the country.
2. On the one hand, when the rainy season enters in August, frequent rainfall weather will have an impact on the need for air conditioners and on their installation; on the other hand, it will be less strongly supported by old and new policies, and will face the impact of a high base figure for the same period last year. Industry online data for the months of August, September, and October, the output from air conditioners was 11.9%, - 7.7%, - 4.7%, and -4.7%, respectively, compared to last year’s output.
At the retail end, there was a decline in the country’s air conditioner retail market regulations in the first half of 2024; since August 2024, the national air conditioner retail market has been gradually revitalized, and the air conditioner retail market has been growing at a double-digit rate over and below the line in August-December, and the end demand has continued to improve as the policy is announced.
Increase in intensity and overall growth at retail end, as at June 2025 the volume of retail sales on air-conditioning line and below line was 20.8 per cent, respectively; Figure 25: Monitoring retail sales under air-conditioning line (monthly) Figure 26: Monitoring retail sales on air-conditioning line (monthly)
The bulk of retail retail sales on air-conditioning lines has been on the decline since May in the volume of air-conditioning exports by the China Galaxy Securities Institute, focusing on enterprises' overseas production bases.
1) Industry online data of 5.85 million air conditioners exported in July 2025, as compared with 15.5 per cent in comparison with 15.5 per cent in comparison; export platoons for household air conditioners in 8, 9 and October, compared to 14.7 per cent, 16.6 per cent and 3.3 per cent of exports in the same period last year, continue to reflect the transfer of United States orders overseas, exports being the same as 3) the wide distribution of air conditioner tap global production bases, including Thailand as the main air conditioner production base outside China and abroad, 2024 in the United States
Imports of air-conditioning-type products (sitc7415) from Thailand accounted for 8.8 per cent of the United States tariff risk, but for high-quality listed companies, overseas supply chain construction could hedge the risk.
The Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute has seen a marked improvement in the average price on the domestic air-conditioning line. 1) The retail average price on the offline market has continued down since April, reaching US$ 3978 per station in July, which is between April and 10.0%.
2) Since the third quarter of 2024, the rice brand has been working to increase profitability, with retail average prices slightly higher and value for money less pronounced. The retail average price has recovered rapidly on the post-618 line, reaching $2685 per station at 25w32, compared with the June average price +23.6 per cent, and the retail share on the rice air-conditioning line has remained at around 14 per cent for almost a year, with no continuous increase in the ring ratio.
The pattern of competition in the industry has improved, with the general profit rate and market share of air-conditioning companies rising during this period. The fall in prices in this round was the result of a US-based increase in market share through the Lantern brand. However, competitive pressure subsided markedly after 618, with retail average prices on the 25w32 (8.4-8.10) line having reached $2560, or 24.7 per cent, compared to the June average, and retail average prices on the rest of the brand line having improved to varying degrees.
Figure 33: Average retail prices below air-conditioning line and on-line; Figure 34: Average retail prices of retail brands in retail markets under air-conditioning line; Figure 35: Average retail prices of retail brands on air-conditioning line (principal brand)
Figure 36: Retail average price of various brands in the retail market on air-conditioning lines (Internet brands) (iv) Central air-conditioning sales are under pressure, but exports are growing; Central air-conditioning forms are diverse and rich, mainly for domestic use (multi-line, unit, etc.) and commercial use (seine, screw, etc.)
According to frost&sullivan, the global central air-conditioning sales in 2023 amounted to $521.7 billion, a steady increase. China’s rate of penetration of domestic air-conditioning during the urbanization process rose rapidly in the 2000-2010’s, and industrial development led to an increase in the demand for central air-conditioning, which contributed to a long-term and significant increase in global markets.
Figure 37: Global central air-conditioning sales (annual) Central air-conditioning sales continue to suffer from a low level of real estate markets and a slowdown in industrial investment. Industry online data, Central 2024
Intra-air-conditioning sales were $121.5 billion, a decline of 3.8% compared to the previous year, mainly due to the continuing slump in the real-estate market, slower pace of industrial investment, increased global competitiveness of Chinese enterprises, and higher share-led export growth in recent years. Industry online data, Central Air-conditioning 2024 (v) heat pumps: domestic promotion of high-quality developments in the heat pump industry, exports are backfired.
In terms of domestic sales, the price of the heat pump was average in 2024, and it is hoped that it will benefit from favourable policy issuances in 2025. On 2 April 2025, the National Development Reform Commission and other departments jointly issued the Action Plan for Quality Development in the Heat Pump Industry, which focuses on the use of heat pumps in priority areas such as construction, industry, agriculture, transport, etc., and proposes a 20% or more increase in energy efficiency in priority heat pump products by 2030.
According to industrial online data, in 2024, domestic heat pump sales are expected to be supported with policy power, corresponding to 100 billion-grade market space. As of the second half of the year, European-American heat pumps have been moving out of the vault cycle, with a one-month increase.
The export of heat pumps is projected to continue to improve as some European countries reboot their subsidies. Industry online forecasts exports of the 2025h2 heat pumps are expected to reach $2 billion, or +6%; exports are projected at $5.05 billion for the entire year 2025, with the risk of under-resourcing demand due to a backside slope; and market competition risks.
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.