Trailingbuy, Cho Xudong, improved passenger traffic recovery aid performance, company performance elasticity period after the recovery of international routes
Since the beginning of the year, there has been a sustained recovery in airport passenger traffic, the opening of a long-term industry climate, and the company’s performance as an international air hub in the Long Trinity region has been significantly restored. Recent policies have driven international flights or will accelerate repairs, which will drive the company’s air operations to continue to resume, as well as the growth of tax-free company operations.
The company's current valuation is reasonable and rated as a “inter-zone operation.” The number of passengers continues to recover, and the company's performance is notably warm: the company, as a long-triangular international aviation hub, benefits from the resumption of this round of civil aviation, with a cumulative take-off of 354,000 at Pudong Airport in January-October 2023.
The delay in the recovery of international routes, which has been largely affected by political and visa issues, has been the result of a total of 44 million passenger throughputs, which returned to 82.6 per cent in the same period in 2019, the take-off of the international route at Pudong Airport, the return of passenger throughput to 49.9 per cent and 34.7 per cent in the same period in 2019.
In addition, China has decided to pilot a unilateral waiver policy for six countries, including France, Germany, Malaysia, to lower the foreign entry threshold;
In response, France and Malaysia have issued a policy of waivers of support that will also boost domestic demand for exits. It is expected that factors such as the recovery of Central American routes and visa liberalization will drive the sustained recovery of international routes, with institutional investors accounting for the share of circulation a.
Given the relatively high number of international airline routes, we believe that corporate business elasticity will be further reduced next year by $6.86 billion, or about 63%, of the company's non-air operations, in which tax-exempt operations will recover further as international passenger flows resume. On the one hand, the 14th Five-Five.
In April 2023, the company completed the acquisition of 32 per cent of the issued shares of the unie-campion (with interests in Shanghai, Japan, China, etc.).
Together, the company leads the airport tax-free operation, and the international route recovery and expansion project will together drive tax-exempt income growth.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.