On December 26, 2023, the company issued an announcement with Shanghai, Japan, to sign a tax-free shop at Pudong Airport.
Additional agreement II of the contract and supplementary agreement I of the contract for the duty-free store at Rainbow Bridge Airport. Market value (KWD): $32.07. The new supplementary agreement restores the base and raises its high model.
Since 1 December, the monthly fees collected by two tax-free shops in Shanghai have been restored to monthly guaranteed sales and the monthly actual sales have been raised to a higher pattern, including: (1) monthly guaranteed sales have been raised to 1.
Linked to international regional passenger flows, such as actual monthly passenger traffic >80 per cent of the average passenger traffic in March, Poudong Airport's monthly base sales amounted to $5.245 million and Rainbow Bridge Airport's monthly bottom sales.
Sold up to $6.47 million, otherwise the monthly base sales would be reduced by a factor; (2) actual sales up to the same level as perfume, tobacco, alcohol, department stores and food products in five categories; 3. Shanghai Airports: q1 has achieved a significant reduction in tax-exempt assets
The sum of monthly sales, monthly sales = net monthly sales = net sales = investments in monthly sales = investments in monthly sales, 2023.4.30 class percentages, with the product class extraction rates taken at 18-36% different scenarios.
In Shanghai, two duty-free pre-deposit points will be established, and the fees collected at the points will be implemented in accordance with the standards agreed in this replenishment agreement. Tax-exempt income is expected to prevail over the next two years.
Regional routes are recovering steadily, and it is expected that since December, international traffic at Pudong Airport and Rainbow Bridge Airport will be about 80% above 2023q3, and that the annual equivalent annual base sales increase will be higher than the base.
This is $361 per capita, compared to 80% in 2019 for the two international regions, and the corresponding year-to-year reserve sales agreed to in the Pudong Airport Tax Free Shop Contract Supplement. Declines in the airport would be more competitive, or lead to higher tax-free earnings.
The agreed rates ranged from 18 to 36 per cent, and in the context of a significantly lower rate of withholding than in the original contract (42.5 per cent), the tax-exempt channel profit rate for the airport would increase: (1) the airport channel would become more attractive and would be expected to operate as a powerful airport tax-free channel and per capita guest list.
If per capita tax-free passenger unit prices exceed 10% in 2019, or 397 yuan per capita, in 2024, and if international regional passenger flows reach 80% in 2019, sales will increase to two duty-free shops in Beijing, and companies are expected to benefit from increased profits from airport channels.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Demand recovery below expectations, tax-exempt operating risks, expansion impacts over-expected risks, fee-price control, aviation oil policy risks.
An analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market within one month and three months of the second month of the week.