High-end equipment manufacturing and new material research centres Replacing hydraulic material tap imports to benefit from pump valves at 1 and rheumatism to domestic hydraulics at a dynamic expansion from fuel tanks to pump valves.
The top five clients of the company were Trinity, Xu, Caterpillar, and other domestic and foreign engineering machines, and China ' s iron and steel construction companies. The combined earnings of the last three years were 57%.
China’s hydraulic market space is about 60 billion yuan, growing at a low pace, and foreign brands dominate, with large import substitutions. Global industry giants such as Bo Shilesi, Kawasaki Heavy Worker, Eton, and Kawasaki Heavy Industries now account for more than 50% of China’s medium- and large-scale dredging hydraulic pump valves of high value.
Ten billion yuan, and most foreign brands have established production bases in China, and import alternatives are large. For the foreign poles, constant hydraulic fluid pressure has a competitive advantage in terms of profitability, operation, and productivity.
3. Fuel tank plates: Excavator tanks are moving into a low-growth phase, with large competition in the non-scaling tank market, which is expected to become a new growth point. 1) We have about 3.8 billion market space in the front of the excavator tank.
The market for excavators is expected to grow steadily, but the market for national products is expected to grow by 1%. 2) The global non-square tank market space is about 34 billion dollars, is widely applied downstream, and the pattern of competition is fragmented.
4. Pump valve plates: entering the release period, with rapid increases in city occupancy and profitability. We have about 5.2 billion market space in front of the excavator valve, more than 50% in the city of Chusaki, and the company ' s product performance, profitability and inability to deliver Kawasaki, with advantages in timeliness and synergy. The market share of the tile pump valve is fast.
Upgrade, a combined 66 per cent increase in pump valve revenue is expected over the next three years, while the scale effect will result in a high Māori rate, a high performance growth in the short term due to the release of excavator pump valves, and a growing expansion of medium- and long-term companies into non-engineering machinery, which will continue to expand into a combination of high-end hydraulic equipment.
Wang Hua Kwok valued: 15 times the price of the oil tank for the offshore tap, with a market value of $14.4 billion; pump valves, 2019-
Excavator sales are not as high as expected; pump valves are not as high as expected; raw material prices are highly volatile; individual quarters are expected to grow steadily due to the company ' s continuing high level of non-scaling tank operations and capacity swaps.
The market is concerned about a possible significant decline in company-excavated tank operations, and we believe that the company’s booming domestic pole in the company-diggered tank portfolio will continue to grow steadily from 2019 to 2020. The market believes that the company will be affected by a more volatile engineering and machinery cycle, and we believe that the company is wrong.
The expansion of the cylinders and hydraulic pump valves is expected to mitigate the impact of cyclical fluctuations, while other corporate hydraulic products are expected to be rolled out with long-term growth capacity.3 Valuation, profit forecasting and investment ratings
Corporate hydraulic pump valves are overpredicted, company tank markets are overpredicted, hydraulic products are underselling, pump valves are underselling, raw material prices are volatile, individual quarters, rhesus hydraulic pressure: domestic hydraulic fluids and the leader of the system integration manufacturer.
1. Focus on high-end hydraulics, expanding from fuel tanks to pump valves and systems integration Domestic hydraulic taps, from hydraulic tanks to hydraulic pump valves and systems integration.
Started supply to three or more workers, and in 2010 supplied Caterpillar with access to high-end markets abroad. In 2011, after raising $2.42 billion on the market, the hydraulic pump valves were expanded (buying Shanghai and Germany haweinline, building a high-precision foundry) and marched overseas (found the United States, the Japanese son-in-law).
After 30 years of development, the company has now become a leading manufacturer of our hydraulic transmission system and has become globally competitive. The main business is an excavator tank, a heavy non-scaling tank, and a hydraulic pump valve.
70%. Since the pump valve came into operation in 2015, 480 million won in 2018, an increase of 2, downstream customers are both domestic and foreign leaders, and the international market is well-placed. The country's well-known mainframes and construction companies have a high degree of recognition: the top five clients of the company have been domestic and foreign workers.
In recent years, the company’s top customer, Trinity, has accounted for about 20% of the company’s revenue. The company’s continued focus on the high-end front-loading market for hydraulics, working with the leader, has helped to improve the company’s technical skills and operational efficiency, and
In the future, companies are expected to increase their share of the market as they move downstream. Ben’s extended excavator tank clients have established stable partnerships with the gods, Japan, friends, Yoma, Kubota, etc.; and the creation of R & D centers in Europe, on-the-ground and acquired haweinlines, with European ownership.
High-quality marine industry customers ttts, McKegar, Cagoteco, etc.; Tossing United States companies have made great efforts to open up American markets and have successfully developed a group of well-known customers in the United States in the areas of car hanging, hanging, high-altitude operating vehicles, terex, snorkel, manitoWC, manitex, etc.
3. The benefits of downstream engineering machinery are warming, and the company ' s net profit compound has grown by 136 per cent over the past three years, and its performance and performance over the past 10 years has been influenced by the high profile of engineering machinery: in 2009-2011, domestic engineering machinery has developed rapidly, demand for hydraulic tanks has increased significantly and corporate revenues have increased significantly.
In 2015-2018, the engineering industry recovered, the excavator sales out of the previous high point, and the company grew by 57% of compound revenues over three years.
Net profits grew by 136%, and net profits increased significantly, mainly because of the recovery of the Māori rate as a result of higher product prices and a sharp decline in fixed-cost spreads and time-period rates as a result of scale effects. Second, hydraulics: China’s market space of 60 billion dollars kept growing at a low rate, with a high share of foreign capital.
1 - Hydraulic transfer 44 per cent for engineering machinery, high-end hydraulic device construction barrier. Hydraulic transmission principle: The main function of hydraulic transmission systems is to transmit power and motion, deliver hydraulic fluids, hydraulic fluids, enter the cavity of the tank, control the tank using the volume changes in the volume of liquids in the sealed volume.
Pistol poles reach out or shrink, perform all kinds of actions to transfer and control energy. 44% of  hydraulic transmissions apply a wide range of engineering machines: hydraulic transmission technologies are widely applied to aviation, ships, deep-sea exploration, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly equipment, new energy equipment, machine beds and tools, heavy machinery
The market share of walking machinery (including engineering machinery, agricultural machinery, mine machinery, specialized vehicles, etc.) has been increasing, with engineering machinery having the largest share of applications, at about 44%.
The largest pump valve in hydraulic products is about 37%: the most valuable hydraulic pump/valve/cylinder in terms of volume is 19/18/19% respectively, the most important component of hydraulic systems High barriers to hydraulic device manufacturing, which are mainly difficult to perform in the casting process and prior capital manpower inputs.
Surface: Accurate manufacturing processes are complex, and sophisticated casting is the key. Key components of hydraulic systems have high requirements for materials, precision processing, thermal treatment, assembly, testing, etc., and require good processes and long-term accumulation of experience in the production industry to ensure quality and product reliability, and to develop manufacturing.
Human resources difficulties: technology-intensive industries, lack of high-end talent. At present, professionals in high-end liquids and pressurized products in the country are largely trained by the enterprise itself, and it is very difficult for new entrants to form a competitive professional skill team in a short time. Financial difficulties: capital-intensive industries, need to be pre-empted.
The production of hydraulic products requires large-scale capital inputs, especially precision processing equipment, thermal treatment equipment, high-pressure hydraulic casting equipment, detection equipment, etc., and higher upfront capital inputs.
Chart 10: The manufacture of hydraulics is divided into three main components of casting production, mechanical processing and assembly testing. The casting process of fine castings: sand processing, core------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3) The assembly process of hydraulic elements using standard and regulated components: Purge - > assembly - > testing - > Purge - > Spray, etc. 2 - Our market for hydraulics is about 60 billion and will continue to grow at a low rate in the future, and our market for alternative hydraulics is about 60 billion yuan, the second largest market in the world: according to the International Fluids Association
The global hydraulic market is projected to be about Euro28.2 billion in 2016, the second largest market after the United States, accounting for 26 per cent of the global share. The volume of sales in our hydraulic sector grew from $38.3 billion in 2009 to around $59.2 billion in 2017, with an average annual compound growth rate of 6 per cent.
The market for hydraulics is growing at a low rate, and the market space is expected to be about 60 billion yuan in 2019. Imports of hydraulic products exceed 10 billion yuan per year, and most foreign brands have established production bases in China, with large import substitution spaces.
We depend on imports and a small number of domestic leaders, including constant hydraulics. In 2016, our hydraulic industry imported about $1.55 billion, converted at an exchange rate of about RMB 10.8 billion at the end of 2016, and imported hydraulic products accounted for about 20% of the size of the domestic hydraulic market.
According to off-highwayresearch, the global sales of engineering machines in 2018 were $11 billion, but the market is not the only way for China to be able to make a difference.
Diggers accounted for 36%. Global excavator sales in 2018 amounted to approximately RMB 270 billion. Triple million.
Global market space estimates for hydraulic products of all types: 37 per cent, 19 per cent and 9 per cent of the total hydraulic system, based on hydraulic pump valves, fuel tanks, motors, etc.
Twenty-six percent and the previous calculation of the excavator-related data, we estimated the market space for various types of hydraulic products at home and abroad, with only the global market space for non-barrel tanks and pump valves exceeding hundreds of billions, with domestic non-standard pump valves with 16.2 billion yuan in space and domestic manufacturers not entering on a large scale.
3. The competitive pattern of domestic hydraulics is concentrated, foreign brands are dominated, there is a multiplicity of competitive advantages, domestic hydraulics are concentrated, and pump valves are still dominated by foreign investors.
In the area of excavating oil tanks, Kyb occupied 50% of the country ' s market in 2011, and in 2011 the tanks rose rapidly in the critical period of rising national production rates, with the share of domestic cities now exceeding 50%. 2, hydraulic pump valves: leading foreign brands are Bo Schlesler in Germany, Heavy Industries in Kawasaki, and David in the United Kingdom.
Brown and Eton, Pac-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Han-Hong-Han-Kan-Kan-Kan-Kan-Ki-Kan-Kan-Kan-Kan-Ki-Kan-Ki-Ki-Kan-Ki-Kan-Kan-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Ri-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-S-Si-Si-Si-Si-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-
▪ 3, hydraulic motors: The return of domestic excavators to motors is dominated by foreign capital Kyb and Danforth, and the supply of national products is always small: Middle capital to motors is dominated by Nabotsk, national manufacturers are well-developed, and Eddie's sophisticated hydraulic motor project could have 80,000 units per year in 2023.
For the global flagship, the consistent product line has a wide range of opportunities to grow: the hydraulics industry leads overseas companies, the Bosebler industry, with $6.2 billion (48 billion yuan) in 2018, is the number one, the American company Eton's hydraulic component business is $2.8 billion, and Kawazaki's precision machinery.
The Ministry of Industry earned $1.8 billion in 2018. The constant hydraulic pressure earned about $670 million in 2018, which is a certain gap with the leading company, but a relatively comprehensive product line in the hydraulic field helps it move into a rectangular fluid.
The hydraulic tank and hydraulic pump valves, among others, have gradually outperformed the international flagship in terms of profitability and efficiency of production operations. The domestic industry’s warming and scale effect has led to a significant increase in the altitudinal aluminum ratio, and roe continues to rise.
Corporate business is stable and has more downstream industries, and the Māori rate is stable. The company's input into hydraulic pump valves has been accompanied by a drop in cost rates, and the net interest rate has recovered significantly, driving Roe up the road. On the operational side, the company had 8.58 turnovers of receivables in 2018, after the company's entire engineering and machinery industry has warmed up.
The year-on-year search has been year-on-year, with a per capita output of about $149.5 million in 2018, and the gap between the foreign giants of Eton (US$ 2183 million/person) and Pychnye (US$ 2502 million/person) is gradually closing.
1. The expected steady growth in the volume of excavators, 62 per cent of which is still on the rise, is expected to increase steadily: according to the Association of Engineering Machinery, the sale of 203,000 excavators reached an all-time high in 2018, influenced by a high base, is expected to increase steadily.
In January-May 2019, the volume of excavators increased by 15 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the domestic growth by 14 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the growing share of domestic excavators in exports contributed to an increase in the share of companies: 18 per cent in 2007 and 62 per cent in January-May 2019.
So, as the share of the country's product digger market rises, both in the company's tanks and in the company's oil tanks.
The pump valves during the period of discharge are expected to continue to benefit.2 The market space for our excavator tanks is about 3.8 billion, with Henji City at more than 50 per cent, and the market space for excavator tanks is about 3.8 billion: a single excavator usually requires two hand oils.
The tank, a pole tank, and a shovel tank. Currently, the unit price is about $2,000/ root, the unit price is about $4700/ root and the unit price of the tank is about $1.2-13,000/ root. The unit value of the tank in the excavator is about 6%.
The long-term development of the excavator tank led to a firm corporate leader with a market share of over 50 per cent: the company began entering the excavator tank area in 1999 and sold about 187,000 tanks at the time of their listing in 2011, with a sales volume of 414,000 in 2018, a combined 10 per cent increase in sales over eight years and a compound increase in revenues.
In 2010, Japanese tank manufacturers, Kyb, Matsu and Toyota Electric, took up 80% of the country ' s market space, and in 2018, the market for the constant dredging tank was more than 50%, far more than Kyb.
The number of large domestic and foreign clients is high, with the first five clients of the company: the top five clients of the Department now include the leading domestic and foreign mainframes, Trinity, Xu, Caterpillar, etc., and they benefit mainly from the supply of an excavator tank. The share of the three excavators buying a constant dredging tank is about 60%.
The rest is either kyb or self-supplied: Xu works for his hydraulics department and developed earlier, with about 40% purchasing a long-standing excavator tank, all of which are self-supplied, while Willow diggers use 100% of the permanent product. Caterpillar uses outsourcing to shut down hydraulic plants in China and Japan, not excluding domestic purchases in the future.
Excavator giants like Trinity gradually reduce their self-supply ratios and adopt consistent products.3 Excavator tank revenue projections: supply and demand constraints are reduced, growth is low in the future, engineering machinery ends high growth, future growth is steady, tank supply and demand are tight
The company’s previous price increases put some pressure on a higher Māori rate. According to the Association of Engineering and Mechanics and 6%, the company’s share of the oil tank has increased slightly.
Non-scaling tanks: expanding application areas and downstream customers, future steady growth1 and 30 per cent compound increase in non-scaling tank revenues over the past three years, wide downstream application, more decentralized competition patterns, wide downstream customers, company-specific non-slotted heavy tank applications, including tunnel shields, lift systems
There are a large number of non-barrel tanks downstream, which are less affected by a single industry cycle, selling about 37,000 units in 2011, selling a portion of their capacity in 2018 for the production of special tankers for excavators, and generating an increase of $1.14 billion in revenues.
The company produces hydraulic products such as hydraulic tanks, gear pumps, gear motors, multi-routine valves, hydraulic devices, hydraulic systems, specialized high-school hydraulic tanks, valve locks and hydraulic systems.
Xu's hydraulics have developed the capacity to develop autonomously, produce multi-series, multi-scale oil tanks, valve locks and hydraulic systems, with product applications in engineering, hydro, metallurgical, mining, oil fields, etc.
U.S. utility group invests in China, focusing on the promotion of the Empac hydraulic tool in the Chinese market, the U.S. utility (Shanghai) and the Enerpac hydraulic tool have a high profile worldwide, with eight categories of products, such as petrochemicals, railway mines, ports.
In the industrial fields of engineering, metallurgy, wind power, nuclear power, etc.
Bo Schlesler (Pongzhou) designed and produced water, hydroelectric hydraulic discharge equipment and non-standard hydraulic cylinders and a hydraulic system.
The company ' s main products include wind tanks, tanker tanks, industrial tanks, car-borne tanks, metallurgical tanks, hydropower tanks (Suzhou) and HeideroTac, which currently has a greater advantage in the global ship tank area.
2. The high-altitude platform oil tank area has expanded rapidly, measuring a global average of about 6.5 billion market space per year. The high-altitude platform oil tank growth, mainly from North America’s leading customers. The fastest growth in 2018 was in the lift-up series, with an increase of 214 per cent in revenues of $600 million a year, 80 per cent of which came from the same income.
North American high-altitude platform (awp), whose main clients are the North American high-altitude platform leader jlg, snorkel, terex, etc.  The estimated global average market size of the awp tank is about $6.5 billion a year.
And data such as ipaf, we estimate the number of awp holdings in North America/Europe/Japan/China in 2017 to be 50/30/10/40,000, with an average age of 4.5/8/6/8, due to the difference in the proportion of cross-cutting and straight arms between regions (about $70,000 for cross-cutting and about $350,000 for straight arm/desk)
At about $43 billion, estimated at 15% of the tank value, the average annual market size of the awp tank has grown steadily and rapidly in the country. The current market share of the constant hydraulic pressure in North American awp is about 20%. As North American customers have shut down the production lines of their own tanks, and within the country awp companies.
If Zhejiang expands faster, the company’s market share in the global awp tank will be one, three, and it is expected to reverse the downward trend in the sale of the shield tank, with high rates of market access and bargaining power – a rebound in fixed-assets investment in railways in 2019.
According to the Central and Central Railways data, the investment in fixed assets on our railways and the mileage of the subways grew from zero in 2018 to zero in 2018. Capital investment has rebounded in 2019, local debt payments have risen, and our investment in fixed assets on our railways grew by 11% in January-May 2019.
According to the Weekly Journal of Engineering Machinery, by 2017, China had close to 2,000 installed and under construction shields, nearly 80 per cent of which were domestically produced, assuming that they would be replaced over three years, with a 5 per cent increase in annual holdings, and the price of single shields would be around 2,000.
At $1.5 million, a rough estimate of the average annual market size for the next three years is about 1.3 billion.
The company cut off part of the low-morigin order, and in 2019 the capacity constraints eased the slides at a rate that was expected to reverse. Stereo hydraulics are now monopolistic in the area of shields, with a certain stock of shields.
Additional requirements for shield tanks (desks)
The global non-barrelled tank market is estimated to be about 34 billion, and the company still has a lot of scope to expand in the global non-plate tank market. Corporate customers abroad continue to open up, except for the US market for engineering.
Mechanicals dominate, and the European market is dominated by marine and industrial equipment of all kinds. The Arsenal tanks have a price advantage of more than 10% compared to competitors outside the sea.
1. We have about 5.2 billion market space for excavators in front of the valves, with more than 50 per cent of the city in Kawasaki.  Market space for excavators in front of the valves is about 5.2 billion: single excavators are equipped with a hydraulic pump valve, which is currently valued at about 12,000 yuan/set, one unit price for the pump valves in the centre is about 30,000 yuan/set, and one unit price for the pump valves in the main.
$60,000 per set, based on the sales of excavators in 2018 and the ratio of large, medium and small digs, the market space for excavators is about 5.2 billion.
In the middle, the pump valves of constant hydraulic pressure are now in small digs, selling about 30,000 sets in 2018, with a doubling of the same number, estimated at around 30% in small digs. In the middle of the market for pump valves of mid-divide and large-dug, the city of heavy work in Kawasaki is more than 50%.
High-end hydraulic fluids with sophisticated machinery in Kawasaki have a long history and a share of global hydraulic excavators: Kawasaki Heavy Industries Group (KAWASaki) was founded in 1878 during the Mingji New Year in Japan and involved motor vehicle manufacturing, railway vehicles, aviation industry, energy environmental equipment and hydraulic installations.
The sub-branch “Kpm” started research and development of hydraulic presses for ships in 1916, followed by ongoing research and development of hydraulic pumps, hydraulic valves, executing agencies, hydraulic re-entry motors, electrical control components, control systems, etc.
In 2009, Kpm owns China's General Marketing Company Kawasaki Fine Mechanical Trade (Shanghai) Ltd.
There are three companies in China. Kpm (Suzhou) currently has three plants in China. 20062 The company's product performance and profitability have advantages in terms of timeliness and synergy.
The constant hydraulic valve product does not function in Kawasaki: the constant open high-pressure-axis pillar pump and the German inline-axis block pump are products with competitive market advantages. In terms of the main functional parameters of the pump valve product, the constant hydraulic pressure on the main pressure and flow parameters is already fully real.
There is no difference between the demand for downstream products and the pump valves in Kawasaki. Stereo hydraulics have a better advantage than foreign manufacturers in timeliness and synergism: the supply week for constant tile hydraulics is 1-2 months, and there are restrictions on this and delivery cycles lag behind.
Hydraulic pressure has its own foundry, which has a great advantage in synergism, and Kawazaki and Lekceler have only the assembly line for pump valves in the country. In the hydraulic industry, the "defendors have the sky" and the constant hydraulic pressure has the country's first large-scale high-precision hydraulic foundling base and the world's most advanced hydraulic foundlings.
A major breakthrough in research on high-precision casting techniques has been achieved through autonomous research and development, which has resulted in 55,000 tons of high-precision hydraulic fluids per year, which can be sold outside of their own production capacity.
Profitability has gradually gone beyond Kawasaki: due to the recovery of the country ' s excavator industry in 2016 and the effects of pump valves in size, the company has been growing up for three consecutive years. Since Kawasaki ' s elite industry had only hydraulic products until 2011, the robotic business was incorporated into the system in 2011.
In general, we estimate that the current income from the constant hydraulic pressure is roughly the same as that of Kawasaki's hydraulic fluids. In terms of operating profitability, the rate of lube hydraulics rebounded to 23% in 2018, and in recent years the rate of lube hydraulics has risen rapidly to 23% in 2018.
In terms of R & D inputs: Since 2010, R & D costs have reached 8% in 2015 and have been reduced to 4% due to a significant increase in revenue and are expected to continue at this level in the future.
In contrast, most robotics have R & D costs ranging from 4 to 10 per cent, so the input of hydraulics alone suggests that the input of Kawasaki precision machinery is far below the rhesus hydraulic pressure.3 The market share of the rhesus hydraulic pump valves has increased rapidly, with a combined increase of 66 per cent in pump valve revenues projected for the next three years.
Hydraulic technology performance was reversed, with 2019q1 increasing by 200%. Hydraulic technology, a subsidiary of the company, was primarily responsible for the production of pump valves. According to company announcements, hydraulic technology lost three consecutive years in 2015-2017, with 742 million revenues and 9,349 million net profits realized in 2018 (which also included industrial valves and industry valves).
We assume that by 2021 the city share of the small-pump valves will be around 50% of the current tank level. Based on a comparison between the company’s overall cost and the split of the hydraulic pump valves’ operating costs, the company’s overall cost would be the same.
The share of materials was approximately 55-65 per cent. During the period, it was disturbed by the fall in the price of raw materials, the gradual slowdown in the cost of manufacturing, which accounted for 1, and the gradual slowdown in the sale of domestic excavators. The increase in sales of company excavators in 2019-2021 had an impact on the increase in revenue from the excavators and the projected increase in revenue from the excavators in 2019-2021.
2. The area of downstream application of non-flagged tanks is extensive, with a projected increase of 26 per cent/19 per 18 per cent in 2019-2021. The company ' s oil tank products are not included in the United States tax list and exports are not affected.3, the capacity of the company ' s hydraulic pump valves to climb up the slopes, and the middle and large pump valves are gradually entering the country ' s tap mainframe plant.
4. The company ' s hydraulic motor is expected to achieve a gradual release of 100 million dollars in 2019, to be included in other operations.5. There are no bottlenecks to production capacity: the excavator tank is designed to produce 480,000 units per year, the non-polluting tank is 150,000 units, and the hydraulic pump valves are currently small digging/centre digging/big digging has reached 4,000/1500/400 units per month, respectively.
Price end: Recovering the beneficiary engineering and machinery industry over the last three years, the supply of hydraulic materials and rising prices of corporate products contribute significantly to the Māori ratio; cost end: Depreciation amortization by companies is expected to peak, with fixed costs amortized at the same time as the effects of scale, with a lower share of operating costs.
Prices are subject to downward pressure, while depreciation amortization is expected to enter the downstream in the future. On balance, we expect that the improved management capacity of the company and the impact of scale will lead to a decline in sales and management costs: the company has been reducing efficiency gains in recent years and increasing the unit input output ratio, while the effect of scale will result in sales costs and sales costs.
A rapid decline in the management cost rate, with a sales/management cost rate of 1.24 / 2.65 per cent in 2019 q1, pre-focusing on R & D, maintaining high R & D inputs, with a projected R & D cost of 4 per cent: since the company was listed, regardless of the volatility of the external macroeconomic and market environment, it has been around the hydraulic main industry.
Intense R & D inputs, five R & D centers (Berlin, Tokyo, Japan, Chicago, China, Shanghai, and Changzhou, United States) are currently synchronized with the world R & D frontier. It is expected that companies will continue to focus on R & D for new products such as pump valves in the future, with R & D costs at 4%.
▪ Net interest rate on sales reached 19.9 per cent in 2018 and 20.8 per cent in the first quarter of 2019. The net interest rate moved into a virtuous zone. Total asset turnover was 0.63 in 2018, an increase of 0.14 compared to 2017.Roe reached an all-time high of 18.4 per cent in 2018.
The LHL is capable of rapidly increasing the rate of market occupancy for import substitution, is less cyclical at this stage, and is flexible in switching the production capacity of non-target and excavator tanks, and the relative dispersion of the untagged downstream industry allows for a cyclical risk, so that it can be given a margin of valuation premiums that are more common for engineering and machinery enterprises.
According to the splits, we expect the tank operation to grow steadily, in combination with the valuation of foreign hydraulics taps, and we give it 15 times as much. The pump valves are very flexible, and according to our projections, the excavator industry sells less than expected. If investments in downstream infrastructure and real estate are lower than expected,
Greater uncertainty in environmental policies could have an impact on the sales of excavators, thus impacting the company’s leading dredging tank operations.
Business plates are fully productive, and if pump valves expand and climb faster than expected, they run the risk of volatility in raw material prices. Upstream raw material prices have a significant impact on the profits of listed companies through cost, and firms face greater performance pressures if upstream raw material prices increase significantly.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment