Is it possible to carry a flag of national production of hydraulics?
Started with a hydraulic tank, moving the whole product to hydraulic pressure, the company started with an excavator tank business, and then went on the market and achieved the target period of 12 months through autonomous R & D and overseas M & A.
Special fuel tanks, pumps, valves, motors, auxiliary components, etc., are one of the core basic components proposed by China for 2025 and are widely used in a variety of areas, such as walking machines, industrial machinery, space engineers, etc. The company’s main clients are globally renowned businesses, including Carter.
The global market for hydraulics is about 30 billion euros, concentrated in Euro-American and Japanese leading firms.
Market value in circulation (millions): Global hydraulics demand is stable, with the United States, China, and Japan as the main hydraulics market. The high-end hydraulics market has an oligopoly pattern, concentrated mainly in Euro-American and Japanese flagships, and industry giants in Bosch.
Lisbeth, Paikhany, Eton, Kawasaki, etc., has an annual turnover of more than RMB 10 billion. China’s liquid presses market is about 60 billion yuan, imports of hydraulics account for more than 25% of total demand.
It is estimated at more than 50%. As the largest domestic brand in the hydraulic field, there is a huge room for import substitution.
The share of excavator tanks has increased over the last three years, reaching 61 per cent in 2018. Since 2009, the market share of company excavators has risen steadily, from around 10 per cent to over 50 per cent, and the share of mainstream excavators such as Trinity, Carter, Xu, Willow, etc. has been close to or above 50 per cent.
The company has been working on special fuel tanks and export operations for nearly a decade, with a 21.2% compound increase in revenues.
Over the past eight years, the combined earnings of overseas operations have increased by 70.3 per cent, special fuel tanks and export operations have become stabilizers of corporate revenues, and in most years the revenues of corporate tank operations have increased significantly faster than those of the excavator industry, full of pon.
Quick, showing greater resistance. Pump valve rises: a successful path to replication of the tank, a wider market for hydraulic pump valves, about two times the value of the tank, the main battleground for high-end hydraulic products.
Global hydraulic giants are largely based on pump valves. Corporate pump valves have invested more than $2 billion in total, subsidiary hydraulics generated $742 million in 2018, and small pump valves have 30% coverage.
Looking at the successful path of copying the tank and achieving a rapid increase in the market share of pump valves. We expect that subsidiary hydraulics will enter a fast-paced long-term in 2019-2021, and that the profit contribution will be close to, or even greater than, the tank plate, which “recreates” a constant hydraulic pressure.
Importing alternative spaces and corporate leadership, with a “buy-in” rating, increased market competition, lower-than-expected downstream industries, and overseas market risks.
The company is a professional company that produces hydraulic components and hydraulic systems. The company was established in 2005 and developed from hydraulic tank manufacturing to cover high-pressure tanks, high-pressure column pump, hydraulic multi-road valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, liquids.
The Wang Li Ping family is the real control of the company, with a share of 69.16%. The Wang Li Ping family comprises three people: Wang Yiping, Money, and New and Wang Qi. Wang Chi is the son of Wang Yiping and the new couple. Wang Li Ping holds the company's shareholders in the Changzhou State.
51.00% of stockholdings, Wangchon holds 49.00% of Changzhou stockholdings. Money pays for the new stockholding of the company’s shareholder, Schinnoke Technology (Hong Kong) Ltd., 10.00%. Wang Liping also holds 88.773% shareholdings of the company’s shareholders. Wang Liping, Peng and Wangch manage the company by indirectly and directly holding 69.16% of their shares.
In 1990, HLC was established to produce gas component products, involving the textile machinery industry. During the 20-year period 1990-2010, the company successfully developed a variety of products from excavator tanks and special tanks, gradually entering the engineering machinery industry.
After listing, companies started to expand their operations through external mergers and acquisitions. In 2012, HLC acquired Shanghai ILN into the field of hydraulic components and systems integration. In 2013, the company invested in the Lijiang Su HLN Technology Ltd., producing high-pressure cylinder pumps, multi-road valves, motors, industrial valves, systems, etc.
In 2015, the company entered into a strategic collaboration with Hawe in Germany and acquired its professional production of high-voltage columnist pumps, the hawinline hydraulics. In 2016, the company acquired the harada seal technology research and construction company to expand its operations in the area of hydraulic aids.
As the company developed its operations in the tank area, in 2010 HCL became a qualified vendor for Caterpillar, formally entering the global high-end brand engineering machinery supply system. In 2011, the Changzhou Wujin plant was completed (now HCL) and officially became a full-fledged supplier.
The company built a high-precision, high-pressure-pressure tank product in 2014 to improve the quality of its products. In 2017, the company built a factory in Chicago. At present, the company is operating in Changzhou, Shanghai, Berlin, Germany, and the United States.
Chicago, Japan, and Tokyo, Japan, have four hydraulic research and development centres and seven manufacturing bases respectively. 1.2 times “China makes 2025” east wind, hydraulics highlight the importance of corporate positioning hydraulic elements and systems, and hydraulics are the “China makes 2025” core building blocks. “China makes 2025.”
The hydraulics are part of the core base parts of the industrial foundation. “China manufactures 2025” clearly states that by 2020 40% of the core base parts and key basic materials will have been realized.
By 2025, 70% of the core basic parts, and 70% of the basic components, have been used.
The provision of self-assurance for key basic materials and the extension of 80 branding and advanced processes have been partially at the level of international leadership, leading to a well-developed system of technical infrastructure services for industry, which has gradually evolved into a pattern of industrial innovation development that supports the interaction between the whole process and the basic foundation.
Hydraulic transport systems consist mainly of five parts, with a clear power of motion. Hydraulic transport is a hydraulic system consisting of hydraulic power elements, hydraulic control elements, hydraulic execution elements, hydraulic support elements and hydraulic work media. Hydraulic power elements convert machinery to liquid pressure, hydraulic control elements and hydraulic support elements control hydraulic pressure.
The pressure, flow and flow direction of the medium transmits the pressure from the output of the hydraulic power element to the executing element, which converts the liquid pressure to mechanical energy to complete the required action. The hydraulic drive has a high output capacity and is easy to achieve ungraded speed, easy to overload protection, easy to achieve automatic control, high positioning accuracy, smooth movement, etc.
Long-lived, easy-to-achievement advantages. 1.3 Products have a wide range of applications, high customer strength, a wide range of downstream applications, and a strong 50-strength portion of global engineering machinery is a corporate client or partner.
The product consists of hydraulic tanks, hydraulic valves, hydraulic pumps, hydraulic motors, hydraulic systems, etc., and should be used in a wide range of downstream industries dominated by engineering machinery, with wide coverage. Companies serve more than 1,200 businesses across the globe, with a strong 50-strong portion of global engineering machinery being a company client or partner.
In 2008, Willows was the company’s first customer and played an important role in the company’s start-up. From 2009 to 2011, domestic engineering machinery developed rapidly, and since 2009 the country’s first three and one-in-one dredgers entered the company’s top five clients.
In 2010, the company became a qualified supplier for high-end engineering and machinery companies worldwide, and since 2012 cat has entered the top five clients. Then, the trio and cat have been at the forefront of the company’s major clients, playing a role in corporate growth.
Keyworks. In addition to the Excavator Dragons Company, China National Iron Construction, China Central Iron, Tts, Zhenhua Heavy Workers, among others, were among the top five clients during the de-run of the excavator industry from 2013 to 2016, and the special fuel tanks became important stabilizers for the company.
1.4 The business situation is closely linked to the downstream, the new product upgrade company’s resilience, the income is closely linked to the volume of excavator sales, and the special tank becomes the company’s income stabilizer.
Between 2009 and 2011, the expansion of capital and real estate investment was accompanied by a liberal credit policy, domestic engineering and machinery were developing and booming, the annual sales of excavators increased from 9.5 million to 174,840,000, company revenues increased from 2011 to 2015, with a major accident in moving cars, a significant slowdown in domestic infrastructure and the entry of engineering machinery.
In 2015, the annual sales of excavators decreased to 5.63 million, representing only 31.56% of the sales in 2011. The negative impact of reduced sales of excavators, company revenues and net profits from parentage, have declined.
The company’s annual compound growth rate is -1%, much higher than the annual sales of excavators – 25%. In 2016, the excavator industry began to recover, as a result of the positive effects of one-way, third-country upgrades, and slum upgrading.
In 2017, the recovery trend increased, with annual sales of excavators increasing by 99.52 per cent on a year-on-year basis. By 2018, the annual sales of excavators reached 20.34 million. During the same period, corporate revenues grew at an average annual rate of 57 per cent compound and net return on the mother ' s profit at an average annual rate of 136 per cent.
Figure 11: The volatility of net corporate returns is more pronounced The recovery in industry has led to a sustained rise in net corporate interest rates and roe. Since 2016, net corporate interest rates have continued to grow as domestic industries recover with the scale advantage of increased sales.
At 24.06%, net interest rate growth has led to a sustained growth in corporate roe, a significant increase in corporate profitability cash inflows into business activities have been more or less stable than revenues, and increased R & D spending has guaranteed the development of new products. Since 2016, companies have increased their spending on raw materials and receivables to cope with the warming of downstream markets, with companies having experienced a significant increase in 2017.
In 2017, the increase in R & D investment in new products such as pump valves was the main reason for the increase in R & D spending.
Hydraulics: Growth in global market volatility, high peak concentration 2.1 Growth in global hydraulic market volatility, walking machinery as the main application area Global hydraulic market size growth, nearly €30 billion in 2017. Hydraulic industry has passed nearly 100%.
Annual growth has matured, and in the 1990s or so, the global hydraulic industry began to shift from sustained growth to volatile growth. In 2017, the global hydraulic sector market was nearly €30 billion, a 70 per cent increase from €17.6 billion in 2003 and an average annual compound increase of 4 per cent.
The United States is the largest market for hydraulics, and China’s market is rising rapidly to the second highest level in the world. In 2017, the United States, China, and Japan had the highest sales volume of domestic hydraulic products.
In and out of 2010, China’s hydraulic industry grew rapidly, and China’s market grew rapidly. From 2000 to 2017, the domestic hydraulic market expanded rapidly from €500 million to €8.4 billion, growing almost 17 times in absolute terms, rising its share of the global market from 3 to 29 per cent, the second largest in the world, after the United States.
Walking machines are the main applications of hydraulic products, which are important for industrial machinery and agricultural machinery. Hydraulic products are widely used in various areas of the national economy and can often be divided into two major sectors: walking machines and other industrial applications. They include engineering machinery, agricultural machinery, vehicles, etc., and other industrial applications such as aerospace, machine beds, etc.
Japan, as a major producer of hydraulic excavators, accounted for 42% of its hydraulic products in engineering and mechanical applications in 2008. Agriculture in the US is also well developed, with a relatively high share of agricultural machinery and a lower share of engineering and machinery, with 29% and 21% of U.S. hydraulic products used in engineering and agricultural machinery in 2014.
Figure 17: Engineering and machinery accounted for 42 per cent of Japan ' s hydraulic industry applications in 2008 Figure 18: Engineering and agricultural machinery ranked in 2014 at the United States Hydraulic U.S. Canary 2.2 German-American-American-born industry, with high concentration in industry
The German, American, and Japanese hydraulic industries are the world’s leaders, and the industries that produce them are hundreds of years old. The manufacturing industries of Germany, America, and Japan are deep and thick, and the hydraulic industries remain the world’s leaders, with the highest-quality enterprises in hydraulic industries. Overall, hydraulic industries develop in isolation from the huge local market demand and the firm’s strong technological capacity for R & D and technology accumulation, Germany, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, and the United States.
As a traditional manufacturing power, a powerful manufacturing base has produced a hundred-year-old shop in the hydraulic industry. The 100-year-old shop in the global hydraulic component industry has been recognized as: rexroth, Parker Hannifin, Eton, Kawasaki Heavy Worker, etc.
Patrick Hanney: Diversity develops a strong resistance to the cycle, and financial capacity is strong and robust. The main business of the Paik Hanney Camp is divided into four main sections of aerospace, fluid and process control, filtering, and engineering materials and motion control systems.
A single product contributes less than 1% to income, and a single customer contributes less than 3% to income. It is downstream in a wide range of areas, such as aviation, space, automobiles, ships, agricultural machinery, industrial automation, where diversification has led to greater risk resistance.
These are both a risk-resistant, cyclical financial basis for companies, and financial support for companies’ ongoing mergers and acquisitions, and product research and development. Kawasaki executives: military, air, sea, and industry uses a giant powerless force with a business income of over 200 billion yen.
The parent company, Kawasaki Heavy Industries, was founded in the era of Mingjiang, Japan. The shipbuilding industry was the main business, and then became involved in heavy industrial fields, such as the aerospace universe, railway vehicles, the construction of heavy machines, and mechanical equipment. At present, Kawasaki Heavy Industries is an important member of Japan’s military-industrial industry, spanning three manufacturing fields: land, sea, and air.
With regard to civilian machinery, the Kawasaki Heavy Worker produces hydraulic components such as hydraulic pumps, electric motors, implementing agencies, hydraulic control valves, and the machinery produced includes hydraulic devices for the equipment set, hydraulic deck machines, electric hydraulic wheels, fishing hydraulic machines, etc.
200 billion yen, with a profit margin of around 8 per cent. Figure 25: 20 per cent of Kawasaki's machine roic in 2018 2.3 China's hydraulic market is about 60 billion yen, with high external dependence on high-end products
In the application of domestic hydraulic products, engineering machinery occupies almost half of the wall. The downstream industry of hydraulic products is widely distributed. The downstream industry of China’s hydraulics market is dominated by engineering machinery, automobiles, heavy machinery, and machine tools, with 44% of the engineering machinery industry being the leading downstream industry.
The domestic hydraulic market has remained at about 60 billion levels, with a modest increase in domestic output. After 2009, the domestic market sales in the hydraulic industry have increased. In 2010, sales in the hydraulic unit industry increased by 35 per cent, and since then, they have fallen by 8 per cent in 2012, as a result of the slowdown in the domestic economy.
Since then, the overall level of industry sales has remained stable, at about $60 billion. China’s hydraulic industry has seen a small increase in industrial output, high-end hydraulic imports remain high, and is dependent on foreign brands. We import hydraulics that account for more than 25% of total demand each year and have been on the rise since 2016. We estimate that in 2018, Leisler and Kawasaki will be selling in China.
At the upper end of the plate, our hydraulics are more dependent on the outside. We estimate that our high end hydraulics are external.
There have also been breakthroughs in such areas as the lift-up series, the shield tank, the high-end sea, electricity generation, and offshore wind power. 3.1 The excavator tank is dominated, the special tank is supported by the special tank and the special tank is the income stabilizer.
In 2009-2011, the volume of excavators increased and the market share of the company ' s products increased, and the revenue from the excavators increased from $199 million to $887 million annually.
From 2016 onwards, the downstream industry recovered, and the average annual compound rate of revenue for 2015-2018 reached a high level of 111% again. In 2009, the Special Tank revenue was $202 million, and since 2011 the Special Tank revenue has stabilized.
Step-by-step growth, from 2011 to 2015, was maintained at an annual rate of about 20 per cent, with an annual average compound growth rate of 19 per cent. In 2017, the production of hydraulic tank products for shield units grew rapidly, with sales revenue rising by 101.70 per cent to $477 million, resulting in an overall increase of 86 per cent.
The share of revenue from the excavator tank was slightly higher than that of the special tank in 2018, at 61%. The share of revenue from the excavator tank in total revenue remained at about 50%, a small decrease from 2011 to 2015. During the same period, the share of revenue from the special tank increased, contributing to the revenue from the company tank in that phase.
The ratio of revenue to the total revenue of the tanks began to rise, reaching 61% in 2018. The ratio of excavator, special tank, and u-type has changed, and the rate of excavator tank Maori is about 6% higher than that of the special tank.
When the downstream industry is down, competition in the tank industry has increased, and companies have adopted low-price strategies to capture market shares, and the Māori rate has declined. Since 2016, the downstream industry has been at the same level as the Māori rate in the special tank.
The tank industry, which opened the special tank market, has seen a decline in the special tank Maori rate. Since then, the excavator tank rate has remained around 6% higher than the special tank rate. In 2018, the excavator tank rate was 41% and the special tank rate 35%.
Figure 35: Excavator tank revenue as a percentage of tank total income
The company, based on the sales of downstream customers' excavators, was the first in the country in 2018, ahead of other brands. Japan's kyb, the Toyota Electric Power Company, also held a share of the market. It was Carter's global supplier, and the Digger tank was supplied to Carter China.
In Japan, the United States, Indonesia, etc., our share is estimated to be about 50%; we estimate the company’s market share in Trinity, Xu Xu and Willows is about 60-70%, 50%, 100%, respectively. In 2018, 31, Carter, Xu, Willow Diggers were ranked fifth in the country, selling 44357, 24501, 23040, respectively.
The share of the company ' s dredging tank rose from 10% to 20% between 2009 and 2011, and the share of the company ' s dredging tank continued to rise to 50% between 2011 and 2015.
Since 2016, the company has continued its upward trend. The main competition against the Japanese brand of kyb is against constant hydraulic pressure, which has been declining since 2016.
3.3 Special fuel tank revenues have continued to grow and the volume of operations has increased their resistance to the cycle. For the last decade, special fuel tank revenues have continued to grow, with the lifting series, shielding units, and marine oil tanks being the three main swords. In 2009, the demand for excavators surged beyond expectations, resulting in company capacity constraints, and revenue for the rest of the year has increased at an all-time high rate.
More than 15%. The lifting tank, the shield tank, and the high-end marine tank represent 12.76% of the revenue from the sale of the special tank, which is 1,144 million yuan, an increase of 9.73%. Of this amount, the sales revenue from the lifting tank product amounted to 597 million yuan, or 50%, concentrating on manitowork, snorkel, jlg, etc.
In 2011-2015, the income contribution of the Special Tanks rose passively, and the Māori rate declined to open the market and boost the public.
After 2016, the rate of Māori rose. Special tank clients experienced a period of growth, ranging from seawork to shipbuilding to shielding, internal to external changes, increasing volume, and greater tolerance when they moved down the course of the future confrontation cycle.
3.4 In 2011, the Year of Overseas Revenue Activation, which was introduced to companies by overseas markets as a further income stabilizer, combined earnings increased at an average annual rate of 70.3 per cent between 2011 and 2018, and corporate resilience was enhanced in overseas markets. In 2010, the company became a qualified supplier for the international high-end engineering and machinery brand Caterpillar.
Outward income grew rapidly, reaching an average compound annual growth rate of 70.3 per cent in 2011-2018, with a gradual increase in the share of overseas earnings in total corporate operating income in 2012, improving the reliance of firms on the domestic market and becoming an important way for firms to counter the cycle.
3.5 The profitability of the parent company supports the resilience of the tank plate. The parent's profitability shows the actual condition of the tank plate, which is significantly higher in income than in the volume of excavator sales. In order to maximize the real rate of growth of the crude oil plate, we analyze the parent company's income and profit growth. The parent company is net.
The profits and net interest rates show a certain cyclicality, but the cyclicality of the operating income is weaker. For most years, the income growth rate of the parent division has been significantly higher than that of the excavator industry, showing a strong resistance to cyclicality.
Figure 47: The income of the parent company grew at a significantly higher rate than that of the excavator industry.
At 2011 levels, operating cash flows also increased to $685 million. 4. Pump valve rises: a successful path to replication of tanks.
In the case of excavators, for example, the digger supplier includes four major brands, while the digger pump valves, especially the medium- and large-scale pump valves, are largely supplied by Kawazaki and Lesler. 2) are of greater value. In the area of walking machines, the pump valves are worth about two times the quantity of tanks.
Up. 3) It is easier to expand different applications. The pump valves are relatively more standardized than the tanks, and it is easier to create 10 billion class firms. Global hydraulic giants are basically pumped and valves as core products, while 4.1 tanks rise and take the opportunity to replace imports.
In 1999, for example, after successful research and development of excavator tanks, it was not until 2009 - 2011 that a large supply of major customers, such as Trinity Carter, was achieved in the downstream demand outbreak phase, while the downward demand cycle 2012 - 2015 was pushed forward.
Looking back at the company's boom, the rapid downstream demand triggered a shortage of spare parts, which was the best time for the company to import new products from the company, and the company seized the opportunity to enter the core customer. When the demand for excavators is stable, competition is increasing, the mainframe has stricter cost controls and zero controls.
The component enterprises enter an accelerated period of import substitution, steadily expanding their market share with the advantage of their product performance and cost. 4.2 Self-researched M&As and pump valve operations ready.
From 2012, after several years of development, corporate hydraulic valve revenue reached $479 million in 2018, representing 11% of total operating income. The business product consists mainly of hydraulic control valves, high pressure column plug pumps, and German-produced hydraulic pumps, which have been successful.
For heavy works, shields, test stations, seaworks, machine tools, engineering, etc., subsidiary hydraulics, self-directed, research and development of the prime pump valves for excavators up to 15t, which have been prepared in batches of quartz, Xu, improvists, willows, etc.
Some 500 million high-precision hydraulic foundries have been built. The foundries have hired teams from Germany, Japan, and other countries as research and development manufacturing teams to produce processes and develop high-precision casting techniques through autonomous research and development.
In 2013, the constant hydraulic pressure was built to build hydraulic valves, pump production bases, with a target capacity of 20,000 excavators, 1.9 million general valves, and 10,000 electric fluids. In 2015, the full-cost acquisition of German haweinline, which can be designed to produce high-quality heavy loads, was made.
The company has a small supply of excavators from 2015 and has achieved a large number of breakthroughs in the early bottlenecks of the mainstream industry with the expected acceleration of the import substitution process following the 2016-2018 launch of the excavator.
In 2018, hydraulic technology generated $742 million, with a net profit of $93,449 million, and in 2019h1, with a 100 per cent increase in net profit of $110 million.
Small-divide pump valves are breaking points, with a full rise in the market for the 2019h1 pump valves. In 2018, the small-divide pump valve complex has reached 30%. In the first half of 2019, the small-divide pump city continued to grow, rising to 43%, and the small-dug valves have remained around 30%. In 2018, the mid-divide valves were around 8%, and in 2019 it was already in place.
In the first half of the year, the market share of the products of the titanium pump valves was raised to 8%. In the first half of the year, the market share of the products of the titanium pump valves, regardless of the foreign excavator's brand, was raised to the full, laying the foundation for development throughout the year.
It is expected to enter the accelerated import substitution phase after market testing of pump valves. Figure 53: In 2018, the small-divide pump valve complex reached 30%, with a high performance elasticity of 4.4 vs. the fuel tank.
By the end of 2018, constant hydraulics had accumulated about $1 billion in fixed assets, equivalent to what the parent company had invested in tank operations. But only 20% of the parent company's income was in revenue. The future will be accompanied by expansion of hydraulic technology revenues, turnover of fixed assets.
The elasticity of performance, and the size of its fixed assets, among other things, we estimate that the current average annual fixed amount of constant hydraulics is about $300 million, with a change cost of about 60%, which supports an operating income of about $3 billion.
Based on the assumption that the demand for excavators will remain stable and that the market for new products from the company pump valves will increase steadily, we expect the company to have 1659 million yuan and 2,014 million yuan, taking into account the vast import replacement space in the hydraulics industry and the company's leadership position.
The report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and the results adopted.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.