q3 non-net profit growth of nearly 30% as long as the company grows. \triangleright October 27, 2023
In the third quarter, the company achieved operating income of $7,758 million, an increase of 5.03 per cent in the same year; net profit for mothers of $750 million, an increase of 14.78 per cent in the same year; net profit for non-returning mothers of $410 million, an increase of 16.59 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2023, q3, the company achieved net profit for repatriation of $206 million, an increase of 20.11 per cent in the same year; net profit for non-returning mothers was deducted.
Rendered $92 million, an increase of 29.31 per cent over the same period. Deep participants in the construction of the network of arithmetic networks, opening up a new business model of arithmetic.
The company actively builds and operates a platform for the integration of computing services, providing full benefit to users by linking them to local calculations, ranging from computing production to movement control, and the incubation of application results.
In 2022, the company completed the development and layout of the computing integration platform, depending on the local computing centres, supported by raw bottom resources, market-based operating mechanisms, open ecosystems, and rich value-added services, providing users with “advanced, green, non-destructive” and
The business is currently in its early stages of development and accounts for a relatively small share of total revenue. As artificial intelligence rises, the demand for arithmetic is strong, the company will work.
Increased investment in research and development, market expansion, and increasing the profitability of this part of the business of arithmetic services.
The \triangleright country’s core information infrastructure leads companies that are committed to providing Chinese and global users with innovative, efficient and reliable IT products, solutions and services.
R & D centres; companies and subsidiaries have obtained the 2023 semi-annual reports of state high-tech enterprises, state-recognized enterprise technology centres, “Creaking New 100”, specially new “Small Man”, state-owned intellectual property dominance, Beijing City intellectual property 1.
Qualifications for demonstration units. The corporate product matrix is large and has a multi-dimensional and complete product line for the base structure of the t, providing an assessment: growth in the demand by multiplier, long-term growth driven by the core base of the ai - 2023/08/25
One-stop generic and industry solutions. With the advantage of leading technology and products, the company is actively assessing the 2022 annual report of the calculation of the Middle Light (603019.sh): Eco-business extension, introducing products and solutions such as storage, network security, big data, cloud computing, etc.
The national production computing industry leads, "Intel +ai" is a two-wheel drive that completes the whole industry chain layout of "Key-End-Cloud", while controlling and participating in the sea light information, Chinese stellar maps, long 2023/04/19.
In the third quarter of 2022, the Division covered all aspects of the upstream chip, server hardware, Io storage on the central cloud computing platform, big data flat.
Quick-performance ratings: doubling of non-performance in single quarters, profit platforms, arithmetic service platforms and downstream cloud service providers. Rates continue to rise - 2022/10/16
Investment proposals: The company has always focused on research and development of core products such as high-end computers, resulting in high-end performance ratings: q2 performance has remained high, net interest rates have been maintained Computers, storage products, cybersecurity products, cloud computing services, digital infrastructure development, arithmetic services
The breakthrough in artificial intelligence technology has created a huge demand for arithmetic.
It is expected that the company will return to the year 2023-2025 with the approval of core assets and the company will have the opportunity to re-evaluate its value \triangleright.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.