Central Science Dawn (603019) Computers have steadily increased profitability and continued to build arithmetic base at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: 3rd quarter report issued by the company in 2023, which resulted in an operating income of $7.76 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 5.0 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $750 million, an increase of 14.8 per cent in the same year; an operating income of $240 million in the same three quarters, a decrease of 0.27 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $210 million, an increase of 20.1 per cent in the same year.
Profitability continues to rise, and the growth of China is evident in the base figure. In the larger context of arithmetic nationalization, companies continue to break through the core critical technology of high-end computers, with a rising proportion of self-researched products, reaching 25.9% Māori in the previous three quarters and an increase of 1.79 pp in the same period; sales, management, and R & D costs are 5.9% (+0.82 pp), respectively.
The Department’s high-performance computing poles, with many high-quality assets such as sealight information, dawning numbers, China’s sky map, dawn clouds, etc., are contributing to the growth of corporate performance. The Qai technology breakthrough is driving the need for intelligence and benefits from the depth of the company’s overall layout.
The new era, driven by models, requires a huge amount of computing to support the training of a large amount of parameters and data. Dawn has built a complete core of the ai technology system in the deep layout of the intelligent computing industry and has completed a number of innovations, including core components, infrastructure hardware, a 5a-level intelligence centre, an artificial intelligence management platform and software.
The company is currently planning to set up a full-scale smart computing centre in seven provinces and cities throughout the country, providing a full-scale intelligent computing service that meets the requirements of training, reasoning, and industry applications.
The six departments jointly issue the Quality Development Action Plan for Arithmetic Facilities, making it clear that there is a higher demand for the construction of a network of computing power.
The whole industry chain layout of the C-end- Cloud, participation, operation and management of nearly 100 advanced computing centres, intelligence centres, cloud centres, etc. has had the leading computing resources in the industry. Since 2019, the company has been building a national platform for solid numeracy services that integrates distributed resources, such as computing, storage, networks, data, etc.
Arithmetic standards and interfaces can be used to package arithmetic applications to achieve a flexible schedule of universal, intelligent numeracy, a service scene that includes large-scale scientific calculations, in-depth learning training and reasoning, industrial computing, etc., and is expected to benefit from the development of digital China and artificial intelligence.
2.11 Dollars. The company, as the lead company in the country's core information infrastructure, is expected to benefit from the depth of the figure Central Science and Light (603019): the base of the captile digital economy, the demand for numeracy brought about by the country's push, the rise of the ai technology, etc., and the maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.