The company is committed to breaking through the state-based state-of-the-art core of computer wholes, national production.
High-end computing has become more eco-friendly, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Quality performance is close to the forecast ceiling, and profitability has continued to rise. (1) Companies achieved $7,758 million in operating income in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 5.03 per cent over the previous three quarters;
The net profit of the mother is 750 million yuan, an increase of 14.78 per cent in the same year, the net profit of the non-profit is 4.1 billion yuan in the same year, the net profit of the mother is 206 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 20.11 per cent in the same year, the net profit of the non-profit gain is 92 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 29.31 per cent in the same year, and performance is close to the forecast ceiling, exceeding market expectations.
Higher expenditure on raw materials in the first three quarters. (3) Māori sales by companies in the first three quarters were R$ 2,007 million, an increase of 12.75 per cent over the previous three quarters, Māori sales by 25.88 per cent, an increase of 1.79 percentage points over the previous three quarters, and increased profitability.
• The core of the arithmetic infrastructure, which provides the arithmetic support for the dominant models in the country. Arithmetic has become a core resource. The company has built a variety of computing centres across the country, including smart thinking, cloud centres, integrated large data centres, and has acquired a wealth of diversity and interoperability.
The company is now involved in training, fine-tuning, reasoning, etc. of a variety of large models, such as Consciousness 2.0, Twilight East, Word of Letter, General Inquiries, etc.
"Performance is slightly higher than the Express Guide, explores arithmeticals to complete the incubation of more than 30 major models, both domestic and foreign.
Participation in the country's first Arithmetic Trading Platform, Searching for New Business Models - Corporate Information Update Report