Middle Science Dawn (603019): Profitable, robust, promising to continue to benefit from the growth in arithmetic demand and the opening of the middle school
Event: On October 26, the company released its 2023q3 performance report, and in the last three quarters it was made operational by the Chinese Academy of Sciences, with the State
A country based on the results of major scientific research under the “863” programme achieved a net profit of $409 million from non-repatriation, an increase of 16.59 per cent over the same period.
Production of high-performance computers, universal servers and storage products, and provision of software development, systems integration and technical services around high-end computers.
The growth in corporate profitability is largely due to a steady increase in the Māori rate. Lead corporations in the public domain.
High-performance computers at the 35th Global Supercounting 25.88%, with 1.79 pcts up by the same year, are mainly the result of continuous research and development to upgrade the performance of the product, and the peak of the system at 30 million per second in the "top 500" engine.
High marketing management, branding, etc.. Sealight Information 2023q3 achieved net return profit of 902 billion times (3pflops) and measured the speed of 1271 million linpacks per second, making it the second-largest in the world.
Performance is expected to increase steadily, with the benefits of both growth and national production substitution trends; 2) Company IV is expected to continue to grow during the reporting period.
The cost ratio is stable, and the ability to control it is significant. Sales costs, management costs, research and development costs, and financial costs are more rigid.
The company leads the national production numeracy enterprise, which is expected to continue to benefit from the growing demand for numeracy and the trend towards substitution of national production. 1) The company itself leads the server sector, has been farming for many years in high-end computers and domestic production servers, and has established and completed a number of numeracy centres throughout the country for deep participants in the computing network.
Power integration platform development and layout, in the context of digital economic development, the trend towards intelligent development, and the need for arithmetic capacity, total equity/flowa shares (in thousands) for continuous upgrading, companies are expected to seize development opportunities; 2) companies are actively configured to calculate industrial ecology, complete
The whole-industry chain layout of the H-End-Cloud is capable of creating an ecological advantage with the enterprises in the industrial chain, with circulation b/h (millions of shares) replacing national production of scientific and technological products and ecology from overseas.
Sanctions, with companies building up their own technologies and products, and with their computer industry ecology, national production substitution is highlighted as one of the major trends in the future of the science and technology industry, and companies have corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: firm profitability growth, Māori uplifting and more control capacity.
The main reason for increasing corporate profitability. Future growth in the demand for arithmetic and national production substitution is still a major trend, and companies are expected to benefit fully as national producers, and we expect that the net profit share of companies for the period 2023-2025 will be less developed than expected, and that competition in the market will increase the risks.
lumeng-yjs@dxzq.net.cn Source of Eastern Finance and Leaning (603019): Profitability is strong and is expected to continue to benefit from rising demand for arithmetic and a trend towards substitution of national production
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Central Science Dawn (603019): Promising good profitability, promising sustained growth in demand for arithmetic and trends in national production substitution.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.