The three rounds of re-evaluation and the current drive - the Yangtze Power Report - the three rounds of revaluation of the value of the Yangtze Power since it came to the market.
The excess gains from Yangtze power after 2016 are actually “combined” by three pieces of value, and capturing the inner drivers is important for future investment.
By contrast, the stock price trend of Yangtze power has converged with depth 300 until 2016, and continues to win after 2016, although this is only the illusion of visual effects. The excess yield of Yangtze electricity is actually “combined” by three pieces of value, and we believe that the drivers of the three re-evaluations are guiding for the moment, with the third paragraph still in progress.
In the second half of 2015 to the beginning of 2016, the first trend winning index for Yangtze power coincides with 300 depths.
The first trend winning index for Yangtze power was from the second half of 2015 to the beginning of 2016, when the market fell by a very small drop in the company’s stock price. This round won was not a style factor, otherwise the company should have lost after the boom or fall. But, before and after this round, the company’s stock prices coincided with the 300-way deep, suggesting that the excess gains were from a round of revaluation.
The nature of the first re-evaluation of the source certificate 2.2 is a re-evaluation of the "four pools" and performance predictability.
We believe that this is one of the central reasons for the increase in the valuation: (a) from operating roe after the company removed its financial assets and investment earnings, the fluctuations in company performance until 2016 were more affected by the fluctuations in water availability, while the Yangtze power cut off its financial assets and investment returns.
Weds of the Yangtze electricity calendar have consistently predicted profitability and actual performance for the year (billions of yuan) - the same time point for the year's net profit forecast.
The first round of re-evaluation was also driven by ten-year dividends commitments and institutional investors gaining board seats, which are still alive, with both initiatives creating a 70% share ahead, and a 10-year red commitment in the company’s charter. Moreover, the company announced that each member of the secure assets and sunlife could nominate a candidate for board, and that the red promises were not meant to raise the dividends rate, that the dividends were the result of the valuation rather than the reason, and that the red promises, along with the board seats, were meant to raise the interests of large and large shareholders.
Consistency. The most basic equation of “equity value = reasonable market value/equity” can only be established if the same share is equal. In the most recent board, Sun's life has been withdrawn and there is still a seat on the estate.
After the successful implementation of the transaction, the company approved amendments to the company ' s charter to provide a cash bonus of not less than 70 per cent of the net profit realized in the 2016 to 2020 year.
The composition of the board and supervisory board shall be adjusted in accordance with the internal rules of governance and decision-making mechanisms, as appropriate, by a meeting of directors and shareholders to amend the company’s statutes, so that Kawakawa may nominate a director and a director each, subject to the provisions of the laws, regulations, regulatory documents and the company’s statutes.
Management, Sunshine Life may nominate one director each to our company, subject to the provisions of the law, regulations, regulatory documents and the company’s statutes. The second winning index for the source certificate 3.1 is stable in the vulnerable market between the second quarter of 2018 and the end of the year.
The second round of revaluations of Yangtze electricity was from the second quarter of 2018 to the end of the year, with the market having remained stable at a time when stock price movements had again converged with depth 300 since 2019, and, as shown in the previous stock price chart, the company ' s first round of revaluation ended in early 2016, until the end of the first quarter of 2018, when the company ' s share price position was roughly equal to depth 300. The company ' s second trend was more predictable than its first round of performance, and we analysed the second round of revaluation of Yangtze power, which was a reassessment of the company ' s performance stability and the value of the cash flow behind it.
Performance predictability and stability are not the same concept, with the former emphasizing the regularity of its own parameters and the latter emphasizing resistance to external shocks. The year 2018 was the year in which the country had the greatest overall performance pressure in recent years, as a result of trade frictions, frequent mergers and acquisitions between the US and China, and the fact that real performance was far below expectations. It was also due to the massive thunderstorm in the market in 2018, when investors began to pay more attention to the quality of cash flows and the stability of corporate profits, giving the dcf model more weight for years.
It seems as if this was the case, when all a shares' win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-a-years-years-years-years-years-years-to-seas projections of profits-years-years-to-years-years-years-to-years-to-years-to-year-to-year-year-to-year-year-to-date expectations of all a-unit real-to-performance expectations are more consistent than expected.
2018 was the year in which all a shares had low actual performance, with the largest proportion of consistent expectations - the point at which they had a consistent expectation of net profit projections for all a shares for that year.
The essence of the second round of re-evaluation of the real a-share net profit is a revaluation of cash flow and performance stability.
As the first year of the stream’s infusion, in 2016 the Yangtze River electricity realized a net return profit of $20.78 billion, but it was not so “real” in structure, with more than $4 billion in government subsidies. The most important subsidies were the large utility value-added tax refunds and the “thirty-half-per-cent waiver” of post-partum income tax from power stations, which counted off-the-shelf income in 2016 and before, and other gains after 2017, but the policy expired in 2017, with only a partial ending in 2018; and the “thirty-half-per-cent” of income tax did not cover separate subjects and directly reduced income tax costs.
As a result, in 2016, when the three-part exemption for income tax expired, and in 2019 it was halved, the company had almost one tax concession per year expired in 2016, and the downward pressure on its performance was high. But, in real terms, the company brought its performance up and made up for it through investment gains and financial cost savings; by 2020, all tax benefits had expired and performance growth began to show.
The essence of the second round of re-evaluation of the Yangtze electricity return to the mother ' s net profit from 2016-2021 and the key items of the profit sheet (billion yuan) is a re-evaluation of cash flow and performance stability.
From 2016 on, companies will be free every year.
The rest of the cash is used to pay off debts and equity investments.
(a) The valuation of the red cash flow, where equity investment leads to a sustained increase in investment earnings (in particular, equity accounting for investment gains = net profit to the parent of the contributing company x shareholding ratio),
The balance of interest-bearing debt on the Yangtze Power calendar (millions of yuan) The financial costs of the Yangtze Power calendar (billions of yuan) The financial costs of debt servicing continue to fall
So, we're analysing the excess revenues of the Yangtze electric power in 2018, largely based on the collapse of the market, signaled by the company's performance stability, and then re-empted it.
In other words, starting at the end of 2018, if you invest in anchors at the rate of dividends from Yangtze power, you often feel that you can't keep up with the rhythm.
After 2022, the financial theory looks at hydropower performance: overall a share under repair, hydropower performance and macroeconomic agility, enjoying the benefits of reduced opportunity costs. William Sharp's capm model gives a quantitative expression of a stock discount rate, which, in a balanced state, is based on risk-free interest rates r_f, market average expected returns r_m, market volatility \sigma_{mathsfm} and the difference between the fundamentals and macroeconomics sigmamathsf{i}, \mathsf{m}, \mathsf{m}, which is different from the underlying and macroeconomy differences \sigma, mathsf, m}
Since expectations of macroeconomics do not affect rainfall, the gap between hydropower assets is extremely low, performance is largely decoupled from macroeconomics, and the overall market risk premium can expand to a large extent against a background of weak market risk preferences. Thus, since 2022, hydropower plates have moved out of independence not because of high dividends, but because of a revaluation of low-consistency assets.
The process of deriving the capm model in comparison with the increase in the Sino-China rate of interest from the Yangtze electricity and Sino-China rate of interest is the Sino-Sino-Sin strategic index (931053.csi).
For any stock (subscription 1 below; for another stock), the ratio of risk premium of 80 liquid, profitable shares to the margin of the market agreement is equal to the market as a whole.
The ratio of the average risk premium (r_m-r_f) to the market-wide margin of sigma_m2 for stable and expected higher dividends as an index, i.e., this share, adjusted by the expected dividends rate for market value weighting.
After the elimination of a portion of the stock by a certain standard, the remaining shares are calculated as their expected dividends increase and in descending order, and the top 80 shares are selected as an index sample.
Shares. If the last index component shares are suspended on the new index component stock adjustment date, the stock is kept out of stock while the expected dividends are the highest value added.
The third model is the capm model, and the lower the difference, the more expensive the asset is. The essence of the Third Re-evaluation of the Chinese Certificate 4.2 is a re-evaluation of the business model: the perspective of the differential lease.
The third round of re-evaluation is essentially a re-evaluation of the business model, the long-term excess revenue of Yangtze electricity and the low co-optability of the difference, which is actually a low-cost land rental theory that was first used to study agricultural production. Given the difference in fertility and location of land and the higher output of good-quality land farmers under the same labour inputs, production costs per unit are lower than the average social cost, thus generating more profits.
In reality, the theory of differential land rents was first used to study agricultural production rather than general industrial goods, mainly because of the three main characteristics of agriculture: (i) homogenization of end commodities, final sale prices equal to those of marketized conditions (at least not very different, not excluding benefits from the CMA approach) (ii) differentiation in production costs, clear cost gradients and special requirements for the shape of the industry cost curves (detailed analysis).
Thus, with regard to agricultural production, the excess output of good quality land is long-standing, with the difference being only that the excess returns from land ownership and lease contracts are attributable to a comparison between the production function of energy products and agricultural products, the homogenization of end commodities and the differentiation of natural resource endowments.
The initial investment in the energy sector is equivalent to a one-time, very long-term lease contract. As times and patterns of supply and demand change, the fair value of land rents rise from coal mines, coal electricity, hydropower to wind power in new energy sources, light voltage, and there are alternatives between different types of energy, but there are significant differences in production, with a few low-cost supplies superior to both absolute rates of return (larger spread) and stability (less affected by fluctuations in demand) due to differences in natural resource endowments.
The essence of the 3rd round of re-evaluated certificate 4.2 is a re-evaluation of the business model: the perspective of differential land rents, the concept of differential land rents is smaller than the simple concept of a moat or a barrier, the super-sustainability of hydropower is also due to the specific industry cost curve in the electricity sector, which is a necessary condition for low-cost companies to gain excess returns, but for most industries, the advantage of scale has led to a majority of low-cost supply and a high-cost supply.
A few, i.e. industry cost curves bend upwards (second order positive), on the one hand it is difficult to support the majority, on the other hand it is highly influenced by the location of the demand curve on the other, and the electricity sector is not the case where the power generation principle, which determines the high and low cost of the power type itself, leads to a combination of most high-cost supply (fired power) and a few low-cost supply (hydropower), and industry cost curves increasing single-time but bending downwards (second tier negative), making industry demand and prices very low, with little impact on electricity generation and the Maori rate of hydropower.
Supply and demand curves in most sectors (excess of scale leads to most low-cost supply); supply and demand curves in the electricity sector (resource endowment leads to a few low-cost supply); demand curves in most sectors
Most of the supply curves in the industry, in terms of the power structure, are standard "small and beautiful" companies that satisfy each of the prescriptions of "low-cost supplies in the end-symmetrical commodities" - another necessary condition for the low-consistency margin is low, access to safe havens is possible only if the share is low enough, and giants cannot hide in the corner.
By the end of 2023, only 14.4% of the country’s total installed machinery was the highest-quality listed aircraft, while Yangtze power was the highest-quality hydroelectric company, so even with 700 billion market value, Yangjie’s electricity remained the standard “small and beautiful” company. Moreover, Yangjie power was delivered to several provinces across the country, with more bargaining power for more than one pair, and, in each province, it was a small low-cost supply, with less than a few tens of billions of dollars worth of market value in lower-lying provinces.
Global hydropower capacity distribution at the end of 2023, our power supply capacity composition at the end of 2023, our main hydropower content at the end of 2023.
The three-point discount rate is more focused on credit spreads than the two-point explanation.
Like bonds, the denominator becomes the dominant factor, and the discount rate drop leads to an increase in valuations.
The difference between the profit rate and the risk-free rate of return (i.e., the 10-year reduction in the rate of return on the public debt of a class of enterprises) and the interest discount rate as opposed to the rate of return on the credit debt has the advantage of a two-point split: hydropower can be considered as an unsustainable fraction in relation to the State debt
The three spreads present the opportunity costs at different scales, the first is purely opportunity costs, the second is credit-debt risk, and the third is the opportunity cost of debt-like assets.
Compared to short-term water fluctuations and the rate of return on public debt, it is clear that in real equity prices, especially since 2023, credit spreads have explained the volatility of the Yangtze electricity share price more strongly, and the rate of return on public debt has provided an overall upward dynamic in equity prices.
The company’s return since July 2024 is mainly due to the expansion of credit spreads, which may increase the supply of credit debt in anticipation of fiscal stimulus policies, and the higher opportunity cost of bonds due to the warming of equity markets. In the long run, with counter-globalization and the ageing of the population,
The decline in long-cycle discount rates remains the biggest opportunity for hydropower, with a long-term configuration value of 4.5 hydropower with a narrow but still unbreakable yield since 2023, the combined effect of the third spread of Yangtze power, which was stable overall from 2020 to 2022, sustained but not overstretched for the last two years, and unestimated utilities.
From the above-mentioned decomposition, the third profit spread, i.e., the default ratio of the decryption of electricity via the dcf model over the 10-year aa debt return, which was calculated in the notes, was generally stable in 2020-2022 and has continued to shrink since 2023, which is precisely the condition of the trend in the Yangtze electricity stock associated with the first two spreads, the three-fold spread is a resonance, and the return of the stock price, but the period did not run 300 years deep; on the other hand, on 29 September 2022, the former Chairman of the Tributary Group, Cao Guangjing, was “separated by law”, triggering market mood fluctuations.
We have analysed the third trend in profit spreads related to market recognition of hydropower business models, opportunity costs within equity markets and changes in investor structures, which have continued to narrow in the last two years, but which have not yet reached their previous lows, and which have not been overestimated in absolute terms. The current market environment is not the same as before, with the first two spreads continuing to be less innovative, and the third spread is extremely narrow in terms of the ratio. At the time of the first two spreads combined, the third was 4 points, the first two were currently 2.5 points, while the third was still 4 points.
Since 2022, Yangtze has had an implicit discount rate of interest (inverted tic) relative to the 10-year rate of return on aa-class enterprise debt, taking into account the near-permanent value of Yangtze ' s electricity, which was injected in 2023.The current, based on an estimated annual discount rate of 10 per cent, is converted to the pre-2023 point by day, and then divided by the market value of the corresponding point, is used as an implicit discount until 2023.
An important transmission route for the Chinese certificate 4.6: the spread of the risk capital and the need for financial allocation, the contraction of the spread of debt-type assets and real bonds, which is actually stabilizing the spread of yield-based assets, is not dependent on further declines in interest rates on national debt, but rather on keeping low, and in a context of weaker market risk preferences, the relocation of residential assets does not lead to an era of equity assets, but to low-risk property and even red savings insurance.
However, the downside of risk-free rates of return, narrow credit spreads, and volatility in equity markets have significantly increased pressure on bank accounts and equity equity returns on insurance funds, and the Division’s investment returns have continued to decline in recent years. In response to the relative rigidity of liabilities and the need to match them over time, increasing low-risk, long-term equity asset allocation has become a consistent option for such funds.
So, in the current environment, the increase in the share price of Yangtze electricity is not entirely dependent on a further decline in the rate of return on the national debt, but rather on the fact that the latter two spreads will be reduced in step as long as they remain low.
Under the logic of declining discount rates, particularly changes in risk-free interest rates and credit spreads, all utility companies have been “equally treated” over the past two years. But looking ahead, as macro-environment and competition patterns have changed, we believe that different firms may move differently, suggesting that more attention be paid to the assets themselves, and that the greatest advantage of hydropower is “a few low-cost supplies from end-symmetric commodities”, but relative cost gradients still exist within the hydropower plates, which broadly include basin-to-water stability (impacts).
In addition, the competitive pattern directly influences the negotiating position of the electricity company, in terms of the combined cost of electricity from the user side, geographical location (which affects the cost of transmission).
Two million kilowatts for Chongqing, 2.4 million kilowatts for Sichuan; 1.5 million kilowatts for Jiangxi, with a combined electricity supply rate of about 50 per cent, and the electricity price affected by Jiangsu's electricity contract; Power and electricity: According to the Yunnan Power Network's 2025 priority power generation plan, the Sundong Sub-Ring Station delivered 29,777 million kilowatt hours to Guangdong in 2025 (the UFO, Chuho, etc.), while the upper river power station delivered 20 billion kilowatt hours to Guangdong.
(a) Table: Outward transmission routes and power distribution at the Yangtze electric power station (thousands of kilowatts) The rate of return on the China Source Certificate Profit Forecast and Rating 1) is influenced by the interest rate environment, including risk-free interest rates, credit spreads and opportunity costs in equity markets, and the discount rate is the most important factor in the company ' s valuation;
2) There are uncertainties in the short term for water, which, although in the long run, may have little impact on the equity prices of utility companies, may cause a tradable shock in the short term; 3) there are significant fluctuations in the equity prices of financial assets accounted for by non-equity laws; 4) there are adverse adjustments in the price of electricity policy and policy risks are difficult to quantify, but for utility companies, the price mechanism and regulatory attitudes have a greater impact on the value of equity assets invested
I do not have, do not have, or will not have a direct or indirect connection with, any specific investment opinion or opinion in this report.