The January-February figures are good, with a quarter opening up to $2.45 billion in January-February 2022, an increase of 25 per cent, and a mother ' s net profit of $940 million, an increase of 26 per cent.
The company ' s national series currently accounts for about 80 per cent of the total, the v series is expected to continue in volume, and v3 is expected to expand with a larger number of up-scaling consumers; and v9 is heating up with soy sauce to create an atmosphere in the province, relying more on group purchasing channels.
• Quality in 2022, implementation of the “13445” approach.
In 2022, corporate marketing will implement the “13445” approach: “1” refers to a focus on high quality and a convergence of new forces. “3” refers to a three-fold approach, highlighting differences.
Dissimilarization, building core competitiveness, striving to be high, taking advantage of the new course of competition, and fast enough to make a break-through. The word "4" refers to industrial confidence, branding.
Confidence, Quality Confidence, and Development of Confidence. "4" refers to deepening the four battles: 1) steadfastness, investing in the promotion of V9 brands, pushing to the top, selling to the market.
v9 followed by v; 2) mass extension, continuous hardening of the base plate, magnification, plaque heat, improved control system, and continuous promotion of subdistrict farming; 3) Report of the Factories of the Constellation (603369): v Series Accelerating
Highlighting and enhancing the effectiveness of the branding of the present world; 4) multi-pronged approach to speed up the break-up of the extraneous market, the combination of brands, the creation of diversity plates, and the creation of The Dynamics Study of the present world (603369).
New consumption cultivation. “5” refers to the strengthening of five guarantees, the upgrading of marketing organizations (the Ministry of Enterprise V9 and the creation of the Ministry of the Nation, the Ministry of the Future and the Department of Marketing in the High Gorges), the expansion of market inputs, the deepening of process reforms, the implementation of a plan of excellence, and the improvement of the marketing system.
Incentives for equity are expected to accelerate down, and the future will have three visions: first, the v series target of 10 billion over the next 10 years, v3 and the competitive m6 plus the advance card of 600-7000; and second, the South Sudan 1455.
Planning is expected to be close to 4 billion, with greater scope for growth in the future; 3rd, 14th and 5th, with more than 20 per cent out of the total, and expansion outside of the province, which is a mandatory option for companies to open up to the ceiling.
Genev is fighting hard, k is uplifting, k is uplifting, k is uplifting, k is uplifting the world, and bruising out of the country. With the long triangle at its centre, it speeds up the formation of strategic blocks; and kyotsu, Guangdong, Jiangxi, Hunan and Hubei focus areas are at their core to foster priority markets;
Municipal market development is based on an interactive city-district layout development strategy, and district-based market development is based on a “focus law”. The out-of-town breakthrough follows a regional outreach strategy called “Comprehensive planning, priority breakthroughs, radiation, staircase development”.
The column ratio continues to improve the structure of the product, with the v series looking for a new engine for the company, long-term opportunities to follow Soo's wine to build the perimeter. 2021 - macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic drags consumption, growth falls short of expectations, v
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Caramel plates, in-depth study of the White Wine industry, etc., have been employed in the short-term potentials of the State Trust in Securities, New Age Securities, China Sea, and have been hard at thinking about the White Wine plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into Soho. What's the word: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, Master of Laws, University of Warway, United Kingdom, with a double master of law, economics, etc.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.