Queens of the world (603369): one quarter open as scheduled, and the whole, on the evening of 29 March 2022, the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2022.
The company collected around $3 billion in 2022q1, an increase of about 25 per cent; the parent net profit10 is currently about 80 per cent, the v series is expected to continue in volume, v3 is more likely to follow up with the upgraded consumer population; v9 is hot with the sauce.
• Quality in 2022, with the implementation of the “13445” approach.
In 2022, corporate marketing will implement the “13445” approach: “1” means
Focus on quality, focus on new leaps. "3" refers to a three-dimensional approach, highlighting differences, alienating, building core competitiveness, working on high-end, taking advantage of the new course of competition, plus "The Time of the World: Monthly Data."
It's fast enough to make a breakthrough. The word "4" refers to industrial confidence, branding good, open door red -- 2022-03-09 Confidence, quality confidence, and development confidence. The word "4" refers to deepening the four battles:
Report of the Event Review of the Constellation (603369): Advancing) is firm and focused on upgrading the V9 brand, pushing it to the top, selling it, first v9 and then v: 2) increasing the surface of the mass, continuing to drive the basic plate, magnifying it.
(a) Report of the Incident Review of the Constellation of the World (603369): the performance is consistent with the heat of the signboard, the control board system is perfected, and the partitions are continuously promoted; (c) features are highlighted to enhance the effectiveness of the branding of the present world; (d) measures are taken to accelerate the process.
Report of the Event Review of the Constellation (603369): V Series: Speeding up the break-up of the extra-provincial market, two brands working together, diversity building, creating new consumer growth. “5” refers to strengthening the five guarantees and upgrading marketing organizations.
Study on the Dynamics of the Constellation: V Series (Empowerment of the V9 Enterprise, Establishment of the Ministry of State, the Ministry of Consort Affairs and the Gorge, Marketing of Public Power Engines, Expediting Equity Incentives) - 2021-12 - 2021-12
Increased market input, deeper process reforms, enhanced business excellence, improved equity incentives are expected to accelerate the landing of the future, with three main visions for the future of the company: first, v series target of 10 billion over the next 10 years, v3 and
Competing m6 + pre-carat 600-7000 price bands; second, the South Sudan 1450 Plan is expected to be close to 4 billion, with greater potential for growth in the future; third, 1455 Planning Province, with more than 20 per cent out-of-office expansion as a mandatory option for companies to open up the ceiling.
With the long triangle at its center, we'll speed up the formation of a strategic block; and with Kyawjin, Hiro.
The focus areas of East, Jiangxi, Hunan and Hubei are at the centre, fostering priority markets; Local market development is based on an interactive approach to the development of city and district markets, and district market development is based on “the law of focus.” Outside the province, the breakthrough follows “a comprehensive plan, a priority breakthrough, a week”
The regional outreach strategy "Ride Radiation, Elevator Development." We continue to look at the nationality system, which is constantly improving the structure of the product, and the v series, which looks at the company's new power engine and long-term opportunities to build the perimeters with the Sou wine.
The macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic is driving consumption, growth is not as high as expected, v series growth is not as high as expected, and out-of-country expansion is not as high as expected.
Sun Shanshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.