The sale of \triangleright goods has grown better and successfully achieved the “open door” mark. According to the company's initial accounting, between January and February 2022, the company achieved a gross operating income of around $2.45 billion, an increase of about 25 per cent over the same period; and it was attributed to listed companies.
The net profit of shareholders is about 940 million yuan, an increase of about 26 per cent over the same period. Annual performance has grown steadily, with the company’s product structure continuously rising, costs achieving economies of scale, etc., or driving the company’s profit margin up.
In 2022, the company continued its trend of structural upgrading, with products above the lower endv and Quantico maintaining a rapid increase, Wang Xinhai; regional expansion resulted in an equivalent 26 per cent increase in revenues in Jiangsu Province in the previous three quarters, including Xiaoan/Nanjing/Saline City/Su
Markets have been growing relatively well, with the north-north of the province still sinking and the south still having much room for increased penetration; the previous three quarters saw an increase of 37 per cent, 7.3 per cent, and 0.5 per cent, respectively, in revenue received outside the province. We expect that, in 2022, the company ' s provinces will remain the main growth markets, with South Sudan and Central Su remaining stable.
In 2022, the "four battles" were deepened around the 13455 approach. The development conference \triangleright \trangled up by the 2022 of the present world. 3 refers to a three-pronged approach, highlighting differences, building core competitiveness, striving to be high and winning competition.
The new track is fast enough to speed up the breakout. 4 refers to industry confidence, brand confidence, quality confidence, and development confidence. 4 refers to deepening the "Four Battles": 1) steadfastness, investing in the v9, 1.
Assessment: a steady increase in the caption ratio, structural upgrading, promotion, marketing, first v9 followed by v; 2) expansion of the mass surface, continuous hard-opening of the basic disk, magnification of brand names, improvement of the system of control disks, continuous promotion of subdistrict farming; 3) enhancement of features and enhancement of the present world.
2. The three-quarterly review of the world economy (603369), thanks to the impact of brand activation; (4) a combination of measures to speed up the break-up of the extra-provincial market, the combination of brands and layouts, and the diversity of reports: a steady increase in the share of the ta+ group and year-round lock-out.
It's about strengthening the five guarantees, upgrading marketing organizations (the Ministry of Industry v9, the Ministry of the Nation for the Future and the High Gorge Marketing Company), increasing market inputs and deepening the process.
In our view, the 13455 marketing guidelines help companies to strengthen the “three and five” clean-up, and the new five-year plan strengthens confidence.
A two-wheel-drive strategy and high-quality development.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and opinions of researchers, whose findings are not motivated or influenced by any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, specific recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.