Food, wine, and wine.
The “open door” of which is a well-saled, high- and medium-end products, such as ta+ products, continue to grow, with a significant improvement in the $100-200 product growth loop ratio, which is expected to be associated with a return to the country after the outbreak. We expect that the company’s higher earnings will grow in the first quarter of the year.
The dollar was raised to $480, with a two-track system of collaboration and price, with a new four-year period at the end of May 21.
Four-five, the second year of the first round, is also a crucial year for the early achievement of the 14 billion-dollar goal. The present-day horizon (603369), “The present world: the structure of the company” at the 22nd Development Congress, “good” is a fast-track prerequisite.
Upgrading Extension, Equity Incentives Time. Fastest, leading to high-quality development and adherence to the 13445 strategy, i.e., a master line -- 2021/11/03
Follow a three-pronged approach, build up four confidences, deepen four battles, and reinforce five safeguards.
A+ class of high-growth continuity, with four battles, i.e., national v, battles, i.e., high-rises, world-to-world brand activation -- 2021/08/24.
In addition, in 22 years, the company will strengthen its institutional mechanisms to ensure the orderly formation of the three major branding departments, the country, the world, and the high-trenched marketing companies at the Development Congress.
The Allies, 99 of the key market distributors from within and outside the province, benefited from one-on-one company leadership and training and learning opportunities to empower the distributors, while playing the role of sticker and united in the marketing goals of the companies.
Medium- and long-term outlook: marketing mechanisms are guaranteed follow-up, equity incentives are expected to be introduced, and companies are expected to be promoted for the long term.
Qualifications Code: Ordered v9, Euratom, Trinity and High Gorge, and, on the other hand, formed the V99 Alliance at the Development Congress, which is conducive to the unity and unity of the companies.
In addition, the company has issued a 20-year equity incentive scheme, the repurchase plan was completed by the end of 21 and the 22-year equity incentive is expected to be launched, with further release of the company’s dynamism expected. The end-price belt is expected to benefit from rising consumption in the province.
I, v, strategic redeployment, k-upgrading, nationalization, continuous follow-up of marketing and equity incentives, and further release of the company's dynamism are expected. I compare the current valuation of the white wine industry, taking into account the region's flagship characteristics, with our performance in 2022.
There's a lot of volatility, there's a big drop in the consumption of white wine.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report