A steady increase in the share of the ta+ group, with structural upgrades driving performance growth Companies issue an advance performance notice for 2021. Business income is expected to be $6.3 billion \triangleright in 2021
21 years of robust growth, profit margins or upswings. According to performance forecasts, the company performed robustly in 2021. \triangleright growth, based on the forecasted median, is expected to increase profits faster than revenue, and the structure of the company ' s products continues to improve and cost more.
The product structure has been steadily raised, and the out-of-town expansion has been steadily increasing. In the first three quarters, the structure of the ta+ product has steadily increased by 3.54 billion; and in the last three quarters, Jiangsu province has increased its revenue by 26%, with Xiao An/Nanjing/Saline/Susan/Sushu.
The Wang Xinhai experienced better growth, with the north-north of the province sinking and south-south penetration rising in scope; the previous three quarters saw an increase of 37 per cent, 7.3 per cent, or 0.5 pct, in the same amount, and the out-of-town expansion steadily advanced.
In 2022, four battles were advanced around the 13455 approach. According to the 2022 Development Congress of the world today, the company identified the 13445 marketing policy of 2022: 1 refers to a focus on quality and convergence.
3 refers to a three-fold strategy, highlighting differences, building core competitiveness, striving to become high-level, taking advantage of new competitions, accelerating the pace of the game, and fighting out of the country. 4 refers to industry confidence, brand confidence, quality confidence, development confidence. 4 refers to deepening the four battles: 1) steadfastness, investing in v9 branding, pushing it to the top.
1. Quarterly 603369. Quarterly review. Quarterly. Quarterly. Quarterly. Quarterly. Quarterly. Quarterly. Quarterly. Quarterly. Quarterly. Quarterly. Quarterly. Quarterly.
(c) Highlighting, strengthening of the brand of the world's origins, activation effectiveness; and (d) a combination of measures to speed up the break-up of the market in the extra-provincial plates, the co-branding of the two brands, the diversity of the plates 2. The year 2020 review of the world's origins (603369) reported: "10."
Building, innovation and new consumption growth. 5 refers to strengthening the five guarantees, upgrading the marketing organization (enhanced v9 career, three and five) and strengthening confidence in the new five-year plan.
In our view, the 13455 marketing guidelines help companies to strengthen their brands and brands.
Channels, a two-wheel-drive strategy and high-quality development. 4. Consorts of the world (603369): "135" investment proposal: firm growth in company performance in 2021, increase in the share of products of the special category, product structure
5. Research brief: Corporate strategic clean-up, maintaining the `recommended' rating.
\triangleright’s increased competition has led to less than expected marketing of the dominant products, price imbalances, and 3) the persistence of the epidemic’s impact.The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective production of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.