It's been announced that the company's 21q4th battalion is expected to focus on 300 dollars at the last high-end position to speed up the further optimization of the product structure, 2021.
a+ “Category of product (with tax-free plant guidance prices above $300) income growth of more than 35%, relative to source feedback, v is about 120% increase in income over year, and about 10% share in national brands; N4 is launched in the market at the end of May 21 and now completes the replacement of 7-8% of older products and achieves the price
The number rose to 400 + mainstream prices in the province. \triangleright districts, 13 municipalities, 74 offices, all of which increased in the previous three quarters.
Market growth has continued unabated, with South and Central Sudan entering a back-to-back phase, the Nanjing region meeting its annual targets ahead of schedule, and the relatively weak markets of Yundu, Nantung, and Cebu have increased significantly. There are over 20 tax dealers and six new ones in the provinces; there are over a thousand tax sales in the provinces.
There are more than 30 municipalities and 18 new ones. The "2+5" focus blocks outside the province are beginning to work, and the demand for nationalization is strong.
\triangleright Sub-Susan pilot scheme, v99 Alliance, formally established at the 2022 Development Congress, comprised of the first 38 core distribution clients, with a ceiling of 99 members, with co-participation in marketing decision-making.
By means of platform-based innovation, companies speed up the deployment of high-end markets and seek v as a further force in the battle (603369): the epidemic causes short-term damage.
In 2022, the company used “13445” as a marketing guideline to capture the main line of “focus on high quality disturbance, deep-farming into sustained growth, concentration and new crossing”, following the formula of “differentiation, high-end, nationalization”.
Increased confidence in the “industry, brand, quality, development” and advanced the “v is aggressive, open-ended, present-day world” (603369): continuous upgrading of channels, activation of the present world, out-of-town breakthroughs” four battles, strengthening the “upgrading of marketing organizations, increased market investment”
The five guarantees of entry, deepening of process change, implementation of a plan of excellence and improvement of incentives continue to be the present-day horizon (603369): the dynamic and dynamic of a fast-growing market.
Prospective and investment ratings: we believe that the company is expected to meet the target of 10 billion by the end of the 14th century, with \triangleright.
With the concerted efforts of the producers, the creation of a community in the Comunidade and the further implementation of human incentives, the Department will continue to strengthen the construction of deep farming in the provincial markets and accelerate the placement of the card slots v on the 600-bit mark.
I don't know, cindasecuritiesco. ltd House No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing.
\triangleright worked on a real estate tax assessment (NSF) study at the State Land Commission in Shenzhen City, focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
One unit, which has in-depth research and follow-up on sections such as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., focuses on valuation and marginal thinking. The components are not, are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.