In 21 years, you'll be successful, and in 22 years, you'll be quick. In 2021, the company issued a performance announcement, and it's expected to collect $6.365 billion a year.
During the period, beyond the company's early year plan (the 21-year revenue target of $5.9 billion, for $6.6 billion, net profit target), the present world confluences (603369), The world's edge: structure, profit end: the product upgrade is expected to lead to an increase in the Māori rate.
Q3 Māori ratio of 78.48% in Promotional Extension, q3 +1.7 pct, year-round, we think as the tra+ a+ class continues, it's a four-way and v dive.
The company’s Māori rate is expected to continue to rise as a result of sales of class products.
21 years of review: four upgrades are going well. 2101 upgrades were made to four. A few comments were made: a high number of products in the speciala+ group, a year-on-year momentum, an increase in factory prices from $450 to $480, a two-track system of matching and price, and a new one at the end of May 21
Twenty-two years: fast, high-quality development, enhanced marketing mechanisms. Twenty-two years is the second year of the "10, four and five" round, and is a crucial year for achieving the "14 billion" target ahead of schedule.
Fast and fast, to promote high-quality development, to follow the 13445 strategy, to follow a three-pronged approach, to strengthen four confidences, to deepen four battles, and to strengthen five safeguards.
Fortunes: 21 years of successful admission, 22 years of fast-tracking, 4 battles, i.e., national v, battles, i.e., high-rises, k, brand-in-the-world activation
In addition, in 22 years, the company will strengthen its institutional mechanisms to ensure the orderly formation of the three major branding departments, the country, the world, and the high-trenched marketing companies at the Development Congress.
The Allies, 99 of the key market distributors from within and outside the province, benefited from one-on-one company leadership and training and learning opportunities to empower the distributors, while playing the role of sticker and united in the marketing goals of the companies.
Medium- and long-term outlook: marketing mechanisms guarantee follow-up, equity incentives are expected to be introduced, and the company’s out-of-town ratio will rise significantly over the long term. At the same time, the company’s marketing guarantee mechanism is being upgraded optimally.
The creation of the V99 consortium at the Development Congress is conducive to a united effort to meet the company’s sales objectives. In addition, the company has issued a 20-year equity incentive scheme, a buy-back scheme was completed by the end of 21 and a 22-year equity incentive is expected to be launched, with further release of the company’s dynamism.
In the long run, the company’s product structure continues to rise, v is a strategic redeployment, k is an upgrade, the nationalized layout is moving forward, marketing mechanisms are ensuring continuous follow-up, equity incentives are dropping, and the company’s dynamism is expected to be released further.
The White Wine industry is currently valued, taking into account the regional leader's characteristics, and we've been able to make a great deal of fluctuations in our 2022 performance, and there's been a big drop in the consumption of white wine.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.