In 2022, the market opened and the product structure rose steadily. Gross operating income was about $2.45 billion, an increase of about 25 per cent over the previous year; this is expected to be attributable to listed companies.
In January-February 2022, production and operations were announced. (i) To benefit from the sub-high end expansion dividend in Jiangsu province, the company continuously optimizes the product structure, while, in terms of the share of income, it currently accounts for more than 80 per cent of the national series, of which the V series accounts for 10 per cent.
The first single item of the company in the first half of 21st year, when it was successfully replaced, brands were growing, and when the meta-price belts enjoyed the good consumer base that had been built up in the province, the 1455 billion target implementation path was clear, expanding production capacity, product upgrading, regional expansion, etc.
(i) In terms of capacity, the company has recently announced an investment of 980,000 million dollars in the Intelligent Boiling Convention Center project, which will result in the addition of high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, and future-v
(ii) On the product side, the current $300-600 price belt is solid and basically stable, low inventory, and fast running. With solid infrastructure in the province, building v systems and steadily upgrading product structure, according to company planning, end-of-fourteen-five v systems
The revenue ratio will rise to 20%. In addition, the price band of $1,000-2000 in the v9 layout, which creates a series of Qingja sauce products, could be a surprise. (3) On the regional layout, niche markets such as Xiao An and Nanjing continue to be dynamic, and corporate priority areas with weak markets in the provinces will be filled with V.
The market outside the province is still in its infancy, and it is expected that the priority areas will flourish in the future. (4) The company is committed to the sound sharing of benefits.
As one of the leading real estate alcoholics in Jiangsu province, you can fully enjoy the local covet.
In the province, there is a backlog of stocks of competing goods. Target planning has not been successfully completed.