This is the reason for the report: performance forecast.
Performance is as expected, with high performance in the TA+ group of products The company announces an advance notice of performance for 2021 and expects the company to achieve business performance forecast near the annual target ceiling in 2021 and further optimize the product structure.
The performance forecast for 2021 goes beyond the lower end of the year target and is close to the target ceiling, mainly because of the steady growth in the sale of corporate products and the further optimization of the product structure.
The growth rate is better (i.e., a tax-free factory has a price of 300 dollars or more), and it is expected that revenue will increase faster than the company’s development strategy is clear and high-quality growth is expected. According to the company’s 2022 Development Congress, the world today has a stronger focus on marketing in 2022, building on the good start of the 14th Five-Five.
System planning, system operation, professional representation, and commitment to innovation, working hard to create a new, high-quality development landscape. Five areas of work will be accomplished: 1) to capture the “one main line”, with the “focus on quality, pool on new” as the main line of work; 2) to follow the “triple strategy”.
Disparity, high-end, nationalization of the “triple approach” is the strategic guiding principle of the 14th Five-Year period of the present world; (3) strengthening of the “four confidences” by increasing industrial confidence, brand confidence, brand power, continuing the drive, enhancing the effectiveness of the brand activation of the present life, and accelerating the process of prevention.
Outboard market breakthroughs; 5) strengthening of the “five guarantees”, including the promotion of the establishment of a sub-branding enterprise, ITC Section A, 69 West Street, Taiwon City; expansion of brand dissemination, simplification of process clarity and accountability, improvement of service support initiatives and optimization of the mission
7th floor of the Interstate Center, Sanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
The company’s performance forecast for 2021 is close to the annual target ceiling. We believe that corporate strategic objectives are clear.
National v nurtures growth poles with a “state opening is a war of upgrading” and a “world of war activation” of big monoliths to expand the “outside market break-off” and promote business growth. At the same time, as equity incentives come to the ground, companies become more dynamic.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report is a clear and accurate reflection of my research. I did not, for no reason, nor will I.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.