▪ The projected steady growth in the four quarters, with a continuous increase in the TP + share. According to the Performance Express, the corporate share of products above the TA + category continues to be optimized and the share of the national series continues to increase.
• Quality in 2022, implementation of the “13445” approach.
In 2022, corporate marketing will implement the “13445” approach: “1” refers to a focus on high quality and a convergence of new forces. “3” refers to a three-fold approach, highlighting differences.
Report of the Factories of the World: V Series: Speeding up the process of transversalization, building core competitiveness, striving for excellence, taking advantage of the new course of competition, plus a target period of 10 billion - 2021-12-29
Study on the Dynamics of the Constellation: The V Series is fast enough to make a breakthrough. “4” refers to industrial confidence, branding, power engines, accelerated landing of equity incentives — 2021-12-32.
Confidence, quality confidence, and development of confidence. "4" refers to deepening the four battles: 1) steadfastness, investing in the promotion of the V9 brand, pushing it to the top, selling it, first v9 and then v; 2) lifting the surface, continuing with the hard-wired basics, magnifying products.
(c) Highlighting features to enhance the effectiveness of the branding of the world;
New consumption cultivation. “5” refers to the strengthening of five guarantees, the upgrading of marketing organizations (the Ministry of Enterprise V9 and the creation of the Ministry of the Nation, the Ministry of the Future and the Department of Marketing in the High Gorges), the expansion of market inputs, the deepening of process reforms, the implementation of a plan of excellence, and the improvement of the marketing system.
Incentives for equity are expected to accelerate down, and the future will have three visions: first, the v series target of 10 billion over the next 10 years, v3 and the competitive m6 plus the advance card of 600-7000; and second, the South Sudan 1455.
Planning is expected to be close to 4 billion, with greater scope for growth in the future; 3rd, 14th and 5th, with more than 20 per cent out of the total, and expansion outside of the province, which is a mandatory option for companies to open up to the ceiling.
Genev is fighting hard, k is uplifting, k is uplifting, k is uplifting, k is uplifting the world, and bruising out of the country. With the long triangle at its centre, it speeds up the formation of strategic blocks; and kyotsu, Guangdong, Jiangxi, Hunan and Hubei focus areas are at their core to foster priority markets;
Municipal market development is based on an interactive city-district layout development strategy, and district-based market development is based on a “focus law”. The out-of-town breakthrough follows a regional outreach strategy called “Comprehensive planning, priority breakthroughs, radiation, staircase development”.
The column ratio continues to improve the structure of the product, and the v series looks to the company as a new engine, building the opportunities of the perimeter for long-term follow-up to the Sou wine. Based on the company’s performance, macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic drags consumption, growth is not as high as expected,v
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Beverages of hot drinks, in-depth studies of the white wine industry, etc., have been employed in the country's bonds, New Age securities, China's opportunities, and have been good at taking stock of short- and medium-term potential; have been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and have thought and insight into the deep market for soy wine.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.