I can't tell you why I'm here.
\triangleright, 25% over the same period, net profit to mother, 940 million over the same period, 26% over the same spring.
The product sales grew well, and the opening of the door was successful, mainly in Jiangsu province during the Spring Festival, where the epidemic did not affect much and the marketing showed good performance. On the product side, the structure of the product was further improved. Market data: March 9, 2022
In 2022, based on the good start of the 14th Five, marketing was more system-oriented, system-operated, professionalized and committed to innovation, to work hard and to create quality.
There are five tasks to be accomplished: 1) mastering a “line of excellence” and focusing on “focus on quality, convergence on new leaps”; 2) following a “triple approach”, “diversion, high-end, nationalization of the “triple approach” is the strategy of the 14th Five-Five” era of the present world.
Guiding principles: 3) Enhancing the “four confidences”, enhancing industrial confidence, brand confidence, quality confidence and developing confidence; 4) Deepening the “four battles”, including investing in the promotion of the V9 brands Net asset return: 20.25 per cent
Power to continue to build on the foundation, enhance the effectiveness of the branding of the world and speed up market breakthroughs; 5) strengthening the “five guarantees”, including promoting the creation of a sub-branding department, expanding the dissemination of brands, streamlining process clarity and accountability, improving service support initiatives and optimizing the team
In 2022, the company was set to open the door as scheduled. The company was determined to fight the "Four Battles" and foster the market.
Growth of dynamic energy to expand the market share, to nurture the poles of growth with "National v is the battle" and to build the list with "The War of the World" by "The War of the World" on the basis of "The War of the World" on the basis of China's "The War of the Kingdom" on 28 Journey Street in the West Side of Beijing City."
The Center’s 7th floor is designed to expand new horizons and promote business growth through the “outside market break-through” campaign.
Food safety risks, downside macroeconomics leading to a significant drop in the price of high-end alcohol, an outbreak \triangleright over-expected, intra-provincial market competition risks
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.