In the evening of 18 February 2022, the company announced that it would invest in the implementation of the South Factory Smart Brewery Centre project: a total of 90,761.34 million yuan was to be invested.
In five years, the funds needed were invested by the company, using its own funds and in combination with other investments, to invest 9 billion dollars in the expansion of capacity, and the company was planning to invest 9,076 million dollars in the South.
The project is expected to result in the production of 18,000 tons of high-quality fragrance, 20,000 tons of high-quality fragrance and semi-open liquor stores.
Eighty thousand tons in storage, 210,000 tons in pottery storage; the company's production capacity will reach 102,000 tons/year. The company has been able to expand its production capacity according to the established strategic layout, with its medium-quality, high-quality QAA-based wine producing 20,000 tons per year, which will provide capacity for the v9.
• Quality in 2022, implementation of the “13445” approach.
Keeping in touch with the tone of the "good and fast" work, following the "543" wine industry, the "603369" event evaluation report: v series, accelerating the direction, focusing on strategic leadership, firm quality, and focusing on the White Wine industry.
In 2022, corporate marketing will implement the “13445” approach: “1” means “Dynamic Study of the Constellation of the World (603369): V Series looks to focus on high quality, concentrating on new leaps. “3” refers to a three-fold approach, highlighting the difference.
Power engines, equity incentives to accelerate landings — 2021-12 — alienating, building core competitiveness, striving for high-end, taking up the new track of competition, and fast enough to make a breakthrough. "4" refers to industrial confidence, brand name.
Confidence, quality confidence, and development of confidence. "4" refers to deepening the four battles: 1) steadfastness, investing in the v9 brand, pushing it to the top, selling it, first v9, then v: 2) mass expansion, continuing the hard-wired basics, magnifying products.
(c) Highlighting features to enhance the effectiveness of the branding of the world;
New consumption cultivation. “5” refers to the strengthening of five guarantees, the upgrading of marketing organizations (the Ministry of Enterprise V9 and the creation of the Ministry of the Nation, the Ministry of the Future and the Department of Marketing in the High Gorges), the expansion of market inputs, the deepening of process reforms, the implementation of a plan of excellence, and the improvement of the marketing system.
Incentives for equity are expected to accelerate down, and the future will have three visions: first, the v series target of 10 billion over the next 10 years, v3 and the competitive m6 plus the advance card of 600-7000; and second, the South Sudan 1455.
Planning is expected to be close to 4 billion, with greater scope for growth in the future; 3rd, 14th and 5th, with more than 20 per cent out of the total, and expansion outside of the province, which is a mandatory option for companies to open up to the ceiling.
Genev is fighting hard, k is uplifting, k is uplifting, k is uplifting, k is uplifting the world, and bruising out of the country. With the long triangle at its centre, it speeds up the formation of strategic blocks; and kyotsu, Guangdong, Jiangxi, Hunan and Hubei focus areas are at their core to foster priority markets;
Municipal market development is based on an interactive city-district layout development strategy, and district-based market development is based on a “focus law”. The out-of-town breakthrough follows a regional outreach strategy called “Comprehensive planning, priority breakthroughs, radiation, staircase development”.
The column ratio continues to improve the structure of the product, with the v series looking for a new engine for the company, long-term opportunities to follow Soo's wine to build the perimeter. 2021 - macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic drags consumption, growth falls short of expectations, v
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Caramel plates, in-depth study of the White Wine industry, etc., have been employed in the short-term potentials of the State Trust in Securities, New Age Securities, China Sea, and have been hard at thinking about the White Wine plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into Soho. What's the word: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, Master of Laws, University of Warway, United Kingdom, with a double master of law, economics, etc.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.