The Shinji Mountain Signals have been on the air for over 60000 years, and the brand has been rejuvenating for a long time.
On June 18, 2024, the prices were converted to high-end industrial development. (1) China ' s beer industry entered its stock in 2014, low-price competition was no longer economically profitable, beer companies were eager to repair their profits, and high-end was becoming the main source of industrial development.
(b) The new dynamics of industrial development; (b) the overall macroeconomic growth has been sustained in recent years, despite the disruptions caused by the epidemic, reflecting the resilience of the country ' s economic development, while the physical living standards of the population have been rising, there is still ample room for development in high-end products over the long term, and the beer industry has increased its reach.
Product R & D inputs, national production of high-end product matrices, gradually improving; (3) domestic beer industry concentration has reached a high level, cr5 out of 90%, five leading provinces, market share competition process Market data: June 17, 2024
At a slower pace, beer businesses shift to profit orientation, mainly through price increases and cost efficiency gains. Brands, products, channels, three-dimensional advantages, and high-end development. (1) Brand end: green calendar \triangleright
It's a long history of branding, and companies are rejuvenating through diversification, innovation, precision marketing, brand dynamism, and the image of their people's high-end brands is deeply popular: (2) At the end of the product: the corporate high-end product matrix is perfect, while there is a rich stock of products, and research and development is strong and has the only national experiment in the industry.
In the room, strong R & D power can ensure that the green beams keep up with market demand; (3) at the end of the channel: the green beams take the lead on the line, and the new retail layout is beginning to yield results; there is a clear advantage along the yellow belt, the volume of sales and product structure keeps up up rapidly; and the coastal river belt is gradually repaired, with sufficient space for high-end potential.
Price escalation + cost gains + cost dividends, and smooth growth in green bean profits. In 2023, the company Qingjia brand grew by 8.62 per cent over the year, up to 72.67 per cent, with a ton price of $5408 per ton, while there is still room for upgrading the international brand, while other brand price increases are expected to generate profit growth;
The company is also reducing the cost of higher profits by closing down its backward production capacity and increasing its cannery rate. Adding to the cost side, it is expected that the cost of raw materials such as barley, aluminium cans, etc., will drop in 24 years, and the company is expected to release further profit elasticity.
Chan Jinzhi, over-expected increase in prices, food safety, etc., has a 100-year-old base, which is at the top of the deer.
The history of Aoshima's beer goes back as far back as 1903, when an English-German businessman created German beer Qingjia.
In 1996, Peng Ying became the General Manager of the company and proposed a low-cost expansion strategy, whereby the company was buying and buying dozens of factories throughout the country and building a national distribution of essentially productive capacity; in 1996-2001, the company increased its output from 350,000 tons to 2.51 million tons, Cagr to 48 per cent, and the operating income cagr to 28 per cent. In 2001, Kim Chi Guo took over as president of the company.
The corporate strategy has shifted from “doing big” to “doing big”; during his tenure, Qingdao beer has focused on brand image enhancement and marketing strategies; the brand strategy has been streamlined to “1+3” and innovatively introduced new ideas such as the “big customer plus micro-operate” channel model and the “three-by-one” marketing strategy, with company brand values, sales and market ownership consistently at the forefront of the industry.
Figure 1: The history of Qingdao beer development, the increased profitability of high-end development. In 2013, our beer production fell to a peak, the industry entered the stock age, and Qingdao beer development moved from a competition for market share to a process of product structural upgrading and productivity improvement.
In 2015-2016, with a drop in overall sales and a sharp cut in revenue, the chain of high-end products continued to grow well, reinforcing the firm ' s strategic belief that companies should pool their resources to build high-end products. In 2017-2023, the growth rate of the green-bulk camp fell to 3.7%; and the income-earning capacity was 3.7%.
On the other hand, driven by product structural upgrading, lower marketing costs, and the removal of inefficient output, the net profit on corporate returns has increased significantly, pushing forward and increasing profitability. We believe that the demand for beer markets will increase further as the consumer power of the epidemic recovers, and the net profits of companies are expected to sustain high growth rates.
The company has introduced strategic investors on several occasions, working in strategic partnership with the United States of America ' s a-b beer company, Japan ' s A-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-N-S-I-I-G, and the company has achieved a great deal in branding, strategy, management, and access.
In March 2020, the company issued a restrictive stock incentive scheme to be introduced to company directors, senior managers, and core management.
In June of that year, the company completed the first 13.2 million shares awarded to 627 persons, accounting for 1.76 per cent of the total number of employees of the company, and the ratio/principal business income as a share of the three requirements, the first two of which fully demonstrate that the company ' s self-sustaining growth in its development potential is much faster than the minimum and that the incentive effect is significant.
Figure 3: A penetrating map of the Qingjia beer stock, as of the first quarter of 2024
2.1.2 The demographic dividend is weakened and the incremental logic is difficult to sustain. Beers, a product that entered China only at the beginning of the twentieth century, grew rapidly in the 1980s and 1990s, following a reformed and open east wind, became the world ' s largest beer market in 2002.
In 2013, Chinese beer production reached its highest level ever, 49.83 million tons, followed by annual declines in beer production; in 2014-2018, Chinese beer production was -- 6.32%; sales by major beer companies declined to varying degrees, and the industry is in a period of transformation and upgrading. Since 2019, beer production has been steadily declining, with 376.5 million tons of beer produced in 2019, a year-on-year comparison.
The decline was only 0.94 per cent; in 2020, the catering industry, nighttimes and other drinking channels were hit hard by the new crown epidemic, and beer production fell again, but the decline was largely influenced by the Black Swan incident and did not affect the long-term consumption of beer; in 2021, beer production rose for the first time in seven years, returning to 3562 million tons per year, despite the fact that the epidemic was still recurring; and the country's economy was gradually recovering.
Sioux, the production of beer has remained stable, with 3556 million tons of beer produced in Chinese-scale businesses more than China in 2023, a decline of 0.36% over the same period; we believe that the consumption of beer in China will be steadily decreasing over the long term.
In 2013, China reached a peak in the number of working-age people, with its beer production reaching an all-time high, and the two began to decline simultaneously; by 2020, the number of people aged 15-64 in China had fallen to 96.871 million, or only 68.6%, and according to the latest data from the National Statistical Office, the proportion of older persons (over 65 years) in China had exceeded 15.3% in 2023.
The country has officially entered an ageing society. The reduction in the dominant consumption group has had an irreversible impact on the size of the beer market, for example, in Japan, which is part of the East Asian cultural community, where the share of the population aged 15-64 fell from 66.9% to 59.4% in 2003-2022, while the volume of beer produced in Japan declined by a further 29.4%.
Quantities are highly relevant. As the demographic dividend fades, China ' s traditional development model for beer businesses no longer has the potential to transform consumer demand in the new generation by 2.1.3 and there is limited room to maintain a rise in per capita consumption. In 2013, our per capita beer production peaked at 36.4 litres per person, followed by the population.
Per capita consumption has been declining year by year, influenced by factors such as ageing and changing consumer preferences. In 2021, per capita beer consumption was about 27 litres/persons, exceeding the global average; although there is still a distance from Japan, which is part of the East Asian cultural community (33.2 litres), South Korea (36.5 litres), taking into account dietary differences and population ageing, I
In addition to the effects of demographic structure, changes in consumer preferences have had a significant impact on beer consumption. As the wealth of material life and health awareness improves, the new generation of consumers are here.
Alcohol consumption favors products that are good or healthy. In this consumption trend, alcohol, alcohol, hard soda, and prearranged cocktails, among others, are becoming more softer and more odious.
The consumption of alcohol has gone beyond traditional beer; on the other hand, in health demand, there has been a strong growth in sub-groups such as alcoholless beer, sugarless beer, and so on, and Japan's beer taps and americium have been developing a lot of healthy beer and cocktails. In the industrial stock age, beer companies need to focus more on consumer demand, target new products, refine product matrices, and maintain or even raise product aggregates.
2.2 There is ample room for upgrading, the high-end path is moving steadily, economic development is stable in the medium and long term, and the consumer capacity of the population is rising steadily. Since 2021, when our average per capita gdp passed by $80,000, there has been an increase in disturbances, and macroeconomic growth has generally remained relatively robust, reflecting the resilience of our economy and its consumption in the medium and long term.
Recovery and rising consumption are providing strong support. Consumers’ aspirations to material life are also increasing, and growing demand for high-end product consumption is providing a diversified view of high-end beer consumption in the beer industry.
Consumer sensitivity to prices is relatively low in the current drinking scene, with a higher rate of increase than in the current drinking scene, where the average price of beer for the 2010-2019 drinking scene is about 9.0 per cent, and the average non-current drinking site is about 6.7 per cent, and therefore the development of the current drinking scene is more conducive to the high-end of the beer industry.
In the past, China ' s traditional current drinking channels were dominated by night and restaurant outlets, which mainly sold high-end and higher-end products, catering channels, more dominated by mainstream products, and the consumption of medium- and high-end beer products, but with the introduction of Euro-American bar culture, the number of taverns in China has grown rapidly, especially in the relatively small number of second- and third-line cities at night, as of 2022.
The number of Chinese taverns has exceeded 5.37 million, and Frost Sullivan believes that the number of Chinese taverns can reach 10.1% between 2020 and 2025, and the industry revenue can reach 18.8%. The rapid development of taverns will provide more meta-consumption scenes for mid-to-high-end beer, leading to an upscaling of high-end products in beer.
More than 60 cities across the country run more than 200 Aoshima Beer 1903 taverns, which constantly enhance consumer-brand interaction and meet consumer diversity and high-end consumer demand. On the other hand, three years after the epidemic, non-current drinking channels are fast as convenience stores, online distribution, etc., become more common.
Development, a new generation of consumers is using beer as an important option for their own consumption. According to the Ho-Yun-Hyu survey, 41% of men have beer as their own choice, and 29% of women drink beer as their own, and beer is the most popular type of alcohol in all groups, and is the second most popular among women; and beer is also a high net in the purchase frequency.
The most frequent type of alcohol is purchased by more than half of the population on a monthly basis, with an average consumption price of more than $21 per person. We believe that with the changing consumption habits of the new generation of consumers, there will be a gradual increase in the number of drinking sites and consumer demands for the quality of their own beer, which will lead to an increase in the sales of medium- and high-end beer products in non-current sources.
2.2.3 The variety and quality of our products are constantly improving. Our early beer process is influenced more by German and Japanese brewing technology. It is dominated by industrial Rags, where the products of enterprises are more homogenous, where there are small differences in taste and where it is difficult to bridge the gap between prices. Therefore, the beer industry in China is operating.
In the process of upgrading, major manufacturers are actively expanding their product categories and developing differentiated and personalized products. Among them, Qingjia beer, through autonomous research and development, has launched a high-end product matrix based on the 100-year journey, Amber Lager, Auguste, Hong Kong, classic 1903, Green Island Pure Life; as an international brand, Bwai has multiple knowledges such as Corona and Fuja.
He also launched the "4+4" project (by Suoperx, Mars green, craftsmen) after he acquired Hei Li China.
Four major Chinese brands have been created, four have been created, and four international brands have been created, including Helium Silver and Sool; the high-end product matrix of leading firms has been largely refined, and the product range has covered the main types of beer and has opened up the price ceiling for domestic beer while providing consumers with a higher-end, diversified choice of products.
At the same time, refined beer has been considered a substitute for high-end beer in China and abroad because of its high cost, low yield, and tasteful characteristics, and the Chinese market has been increasing its focus in recent years. By 2022, refined beer consumption in the country had reached 1.4 million litres, a 19.2% increase in the same rate, and the demand of our beer consumers for high-end products was constantly raised.
On the other hand, the image of home-grown beer in the consumer's mind has improved with the abundance and quality of domestic beer varieties, with some of the imported beer consumers turning into domestic product card customers, and since 2019 there has been a significant decline in the volume of beer imported in the country, with only 420,000 litres of beer imported in 2023 and cagr in 2018-2023, with -10.63 per cent.
Nationally produced high-end brands are gradually recovering the share of the market that was previously occupied by imported beer. 2.2.4 Structural average prices are still developing, high-end space is available, the beer market in our country is still developing in terms of product structure, and the mainstream product remains the low-end retail price below $7.
Products, although by 2022 the sales of high-end products had exceeded 12 per cent and sales had increased at a double-digit level, our high-end beer market, with a high level of maturity in Europe and the United States, had much room for growth: against the United States market, the sales of high-end beer in the United States were about 46 per cent in 2020, and the sales of medium-end products were close to 37 per cent, and we believe that despite the recent three-year epidemic, we still have significant scope for growth.
And macroeconomic weakness has had some negative effects on the sale of high-end beer, but in the medium and long term the trend towards high-end beer is continuing, with cagr still expected to be above 5% in the next five years. Analytical report – A study of market depth analysis and prospects for development, San Francisco.
In terms of ton prices, the average price of our beer-producing tons has been at a low level, owing to factors such as product homogenization and price competition in the early years; as of 2023, only the average price of Qingdao beer in the national product plate had been over 4,000 yuan per ton; and the price of Chinese beer had risen significantly since the acquisition of Hee Li China, with an average ton exceeding 3,000 yuan per ton in 2021, but
There is still a large difference between the average tonnage of the high-end international brand Bwai and Kasper (infused with Chongqing beer) (about 5300 tons in Bawe Asia-Pacific and about 4900 tons in heavy bean), and there is still much room for improvement in the structure and prices of national product plates, and a much higher price is expected.
From the point of view of the ratio of gdp to beer tons per capita, there is also room for a much higher price in China. In Russia, for example, the pattern of the Russian beer market is similar to that of Chinese beer, and it is still an oligopoly market, and the per capita gdp is closer to China, but the average price of Russian beer retailing is about $800 per ton higher than that of China; in developing Asia, Viet Nam and India.
Gdp is lower per capita than China, but the average retail price of beer is significantly higher than that of China; in East Asian countries, the ratio of Gdp per capita to zero sales of beer is 5.5.4 per cent, respectively, and is lower than that of China. We believe that there is still room for increasing the average price of beer at the current level of gdp per capita and consumption in China.
In the light of the trends in mature beer markets such as the United States of America and China's beer market itself, we believe that high-end products will accelerate their expansion over the next 10 years, and that middle-end products ($6-10) will gradually take over from low-end products (under $6) to new mainstream products, forming a hammer-shaped market structure over the next 10 years.
The upgrading of low-end products to medium-end products and the spread of high- and medium-end products will have a greater impact on the income capacity of enterprises, and intermediate-end products in the $6-10 price band will become a new competition area for beer businesses. 2.3 Industry patterns are stable, with multiple initiatives contributing to higher profits
2.3.1 The length of the country's market is cut, market share competition is slowing down, regional integration is nearing its end, and the pattern of competition is stabilizing. Beers are often restricted by their base of production in the 1990s, five beers.
By buying and taking powerful local brands, manufacturers began to enter the local market, while taking up the share of the market while completing the nationalization of productive capacities, which has the effect of reducing transport costs, increasing market radiation coverage, and creating economies of scale and monopolistic gains through regional alliances. In the case of Qingdao beer, Qingdao beer has taken over local brands in Shandong and Xinxi in large numbers.
Strong monopolization of the two provinces (over 70 per cent of the city) has been completed, and through regional radiation, greater market advantage has been achieved in the surrounding provinces of Shanxi, River North and Gansu, where sales in the region are close to 70 per cent of the total number of companies, and Māori levels are among the highest in the regions, as the strategic belt along the Yellow River continues to be built.
On the other hand, Hua Yun's beer, which is well-capitalized as a subsidiary of the United States, acquires more local manufacturers, has more regional advantages and has a stronger advantage in the provinces of Sichuan, Guizhou, Liaoning and Anhui; the Bweito base market, Jiangxi Province, is more competitive in neighbouring Fujian, Hubei and the South China coast; and the Yanjing beer is more competitive in Beijing and Guangxi.
Strong leadership; Chongqing beer (Gasper China) acquired a large number of local brands in Western provinces, with a dominant market in Western China accounting for more than 40% of companies, and grey areas with no-favourable businesses or competition still strong)cr5 broke 90%, with high-end markets still dominated by foreign brands.
China’s beer industry has reached about 92%, its concentration is high, and in the stock age, competition for market value through price wars and acquisitions is low, and intra-industry competition has gradually stabilized. But, compared to the mature beer markets in the US and Japan, there is still a gap between the Chinese beer industry’s cr2 and the US (over 60%) days (over 70%);
From the point of view of internal beer sales, Huayun beer and Qingdao beer are the first two in the industry, accounting for 31 per cent and 22 per cent of the market share, respectively, and we believe that despite the current smoother pattern of competition in the domestic beer industry, there is still the possibility of super big monoliths taking up mid-end market space in the high-end wave, leading to a large share of companies.
According to the Globaldata data, in 2018, BDP continued to account for 47% of our high-end beer market, and Qingjia beer was ranked second in 14%, with a significant gap between BDP and BDP. But in recent years, Qingjia beer has continued to operate on high- and medium-end products, enriching the product lines, and using a variety of tools.
Propagandas such as sports events and national tides have improved brand image, and we believe that Qingdao beer can gain more market share in the high-end beer market through a complete medium-to-high-end product matrix and excellent product quality.
In the early stages of industrial development, beer taps often competed for market shares by buying local manufacturers. But in the stock age, sales slowed, local factories became less efficient and depreciation costs became more pronounced, and the profit margins of beer manufacturers continued to squeeze;
In the transition period in the beer industry, therefore, closure has also become an important profit improvement point for beer leaders. In the short term, closure will result in a substantial loss of current assets and staff relocation costs, weakening the company’s current profits; in the long run, however, closure has contributed to a steady increase in corporate profitability, and a reduction in backward production capacity will increase the company’s productivity utilization rate.
And output per capita, while reducing the company’s depreciation maintenance costs and employees’ salaries. Of the five beer taps, Chongqing’s beer and Huayun’s beer shut-down plants were larger and more effective. In 2015-2018, Chongqing’s beer shut down 10 factories, net interest rate increased by 16.77 pct, management cost decreased by 2.56 pct and company total assets decreased by 2.56 pct
According to the annual report, Qingdao's beer had been shut down in 2018, about five factories had been shut down by the end of 2021, and under the company's plan announced in 2019, 10 factories would be shut down for nearly three to five years, and we believe that long-term growth in capacity and profitability will continue.
At the same time, there have been changes in channels with profit advantages, and beer businesses have accelerated the increase in the rate of canning. The export and convenience industry has grown rapidly in China in recent years, and the impact of the three-year epidemic has led to an increasing share of non-current drinking channels in China’s beer market.
Since the 1970s, Japan has had over 60 per cent of its long-standing beer home channels, and today China ' s beer market has almost one to one with its current and non-current drinking channels, but we believe that with the rise of new retail channels and the growth of its own drinking scenes, non-current drinking channels will have greater scope for development than more accessible canned products.
For convenience stores and merchants, canned products save more space for storage and disposal than bottled products; for consumers, canned products are easier to open and easier to carry or discard; for manufacturers, contraction in the output layout means an increase in the distance of transport, whereas bottled products are easier to transport than canned products of specifications, are more resistant to collisions, and more costly in logistics.
Small; the average cost of manufacturing canned products is also lower than the cost of bottled products, taking into account the cost of recycling of glass bottles and the age limit for use, and the packaging of canned products is higher than the cost of bottled products, higher value added, higher prices for plant and final retail sales than the cost of bottled products. The rate of cannerization in China is still less than 30%, and it has not yet reached the world average (approximately 50%), distance
There is still much room for improvement in the market for mature beer (63 per cent) days (90 per cent), and alcohol businesses are also accelerating the layout of canning lines, driven by both demand and supply ends.
3. Brands, products, channels, three-fold advantages, victory over the high end, 3.1 brands: 100-year brands with a new and dynamic state, 3.1.1 beer poles with a strong brand base
Qingdao's beer is one of the oldest beer companies in China's beer industry, dating back to 1903, the German Beer Qingji Island Equity Company, a joint venture between German and British businessmen, 1906.
Qingdao's beer industry, with advanced technology and a sufficient pool of talent, has been a national beer quality. Since the 1960s, companies have frequently won gold prizes at home and abroad, selling products to more than 100 countries around the world, such as the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, Japan, etc., whose excellence is widely recognized.
A brilliant representative of China’s beer industry, whose brand value is the highest in 20 consecutive years, and whose high-end image is more well recognized in the minds of those who spend it in the country. 3.1.2 Bottomline is based, and innovative marketing unleashes dynamism.
Innovative marketing follows the tide, and 100-year brand image is being re-created. In 2018, Mr. Huang Kexim took the position of Chairman of the company and proposed the creation of a “four-in-one” brand promotion model that would enhance the influence of green brands through an organic combination of brand dissemination, product marketing, consumer interaction, and fan interaction.
In 2019, for example, Aoshima Beer 1903 was launched by the company, with an early brown and colored bottle of Aoshima Beer, coupled with the popular elements of the current to attract young consumers, and with the same-year-old New York Fashion Week, innovatively presenting the world with a new image of Aoshima Beer with a young and fashionable brand and a new age.
On-line, activities such as "Nightcats" and "100 Years of National Wave Day" have been launched in partnership with other brands, such as Skycat, Kyundong, to increase interaction with young consumers, deepen the image of the brand in young people’s minds, and rejuvenate the brand.
By sponsoring sports events, music festivals, beer festivals, and ip co-names, the company has been able to achieve accurate investment in target groups and scenes, and through marketing activities has created an international high-end, young-tide brand image of the company.
Division branding influences to consolidate and enhance corporate advantage in medium- and high-level competition. 3.2 Products: Product matrices are complete, research and development power secures the future. 3.2.1 Principal by-brand positioning is clear, leading to high-end layout
The main by-brand division is clear and the price belt is complete. The Qingdao beer continues to push for the enhanced 1+1 brand strategy, with the main branding Qingdao's beer market positioned as a medium-high end product, while the by-brand Qingshan beer is primarily oriented towards the mass consumption market, and the two-point brands cover almost all the price bands of the market: (1) super-high end products: legends of the world, 100 years of travel and Amber Lager, among others, are over-represented.
At the end of the spectrum, displaying the power of the Qingdao beer brand: (2) high-end products: Pearson, Black, White, Ogurtsian specialty products, covering essentially the main types of fine beer in the Chinese beer market, meeting consumer demand for diversified consumption and increasing the thickness of the brand; (3) mainstream products: the two core monoliths of the Qingdao classic and the Qingdao pure together constitute the dominant price belt of the Qingdao beer.
The product mix, its quality and morale are industry leaders in the same price belt, and Qingdao beer continues to drive the development of both classic and pure primary products, leading to the opening of market space for super-high-end and niche products, while these two monoliths are also perfect for the economic products of the Yayama brand and complete company upgrades and replacements of low-end beer.
Nationally produced beer with a high-end lead. As early as 2009, Qingdao beer introduced high-end beer, named after a first-generation brewer, Auguste, and, successively, a product of pure vinegar, super-high-end products such as Hong Kong, and fine-cut products such as wheat white beverages, dates black beverages, etc. The company ' s high-end product matrix was already in size in 2016, covering a wide range of sub-prime brewing products;
In 2020, the company launched a 100-year tour of super-high-end series, with a hundred-dollar beer, to raise its brand image; in January 2022, it re-launched a thousand-dollar brand new product, a legend that was highly recognized in the market, the supply of and demand for products, the high-end transformation of Aoshima's beer products, the steady increase in sales of high-end products, and the constantly improving product structure.
The growth trend has continued, with high-end sales of company products exceeding 1.85 million litres in 2019, and high-end sales of company products in 2023 still reaching 3.24 million litres, or 71.05 per cent of the sales of Qingjia’s brand, under the pre-epidemiology and macro-economy. The total sales also rose from 18.13 per cent in 2014 to the current level of 40.46 per cent. As of 2023, the sales of Qingjiang’s brand have been made.
Up to 4.56 million litres, the sales ratio has reached 56.95%, the revenue ratio has reached 72.67%, the company’s high-end process has generally progressed smoothly, and the product structure has improved significantly. Higher prices have led to an increase in tonnage and a steady increase in profitability.
Cagr reached 3.8% and kept the average gross domestic beer price at the top. With a ton price rise, the company ' s main brand of Maori in 2023 reached 44.53%, 5.87pt above the company average. Despite rising cost pressures in the beer industry since 2018 and a slight weakening of the overall consumption environment at the same time, the company ' s Māori ratio has remained stable, with initiatives such as price increases.
With the gradual easing of cost-side pressures and the gradual upgrading of the dominant branding ratio, the company’s high-end dividend will be fully released, profiting from 3.2.3 demand-oriented markets, and product R & D power will be crucial.
Syon's beers were keen to discover the gradual shift of the focus of Japanese beer consumption from the catering channel to the family channel, leading by the regional specialty shop service, giving priority to the household retail beer market, successfully riding the fast-growing household beer consumption, which was at the top of Japan's beer market for decades in the late 20th century, while the Japanese beer business was running at a slightly slower pace and marketed.
In 1985, Japanese beer was released through large-scale market surveys, and the taste preferences of the new generation of Japanese beer consumers have shifted from a “glute of alcohol” to a “cool” and not yet on the market.
There are products that meet the needs of customers in the new era. The apocalypse beer was decisively invested in the development of new beers, and two years later it was introduced with a new fermentation technology, and sales amounted to 13 million boxes a year.
Growth. But americium beer quickly captures consumer demand for health, takes the lead in setting up new types of healthy beer products with low sugar, low heat, low alcohol products, takes up a large share of the healthy beer market, and in the decades that follow, it becomes an axiomatic pattern with Japanese beer.
Looking back at the history of competition between Japanese and Japanese beer, market smelling and product development are key factors in ensuring the competitiveness of two beer giants, and strong product research and development can help firms either pre-empt the introduction of products that meet the new needs of consumers, or help firms quickly imitate competitive products and follow suit. China is vast compared to Japan, with its inhabitants' diets different from those of Japan.
Big, more diverse needs, and a strong Qingdao beer-rich product matrix that adequately meets consumer diversity. In addition to the traditional Lager beer, Qingdao beer has covered all the usual fine types of beer in China's beer market and, according to the National Intellectual Property Bureau, Quinoa beer, Rambic acid beer, bamboo-care beer, alcohol without alcohol black.
A strong research and development capacity for Qingdao beer is the cornerstone of its product matrix to achieve early layout and wider coverage, with Qingdao beer spending over $100 million in 2023, with a historic 788 researchers and only one in the beer industry.
National priority laboratories, we believe that the excellent R & D capabilities of green beads can help companies keep pace with changing market demand, pre-empt the development of high-quality, high-profile products that capture consumer perceptions, and enable companies to win the beer-upgrading process.
3.3.1 Multiplicity of initiatives to create digital channels to operate Qingdao beer is constantly innovative in the context of the deep subregional distribution of the domestic market multidimensional, up-to-the-shelf operations, expanding its distribution capacity in the regional market through channels of empowerment, professional support and digital technology, and actively joining third countries
The platform works in partnership with rapid and innovative marketing models during the special period of the pre-epidemiological epidemic, actively promoting new retail businesses such as community group purchasing, b2b, o2o, and multichannels to meet the purchase needs and consumption experiences of consumers of the new era. (1) On-line: active new channels for multiplatform services to consumers.
Qingdao's beer is one of the early distribution channels in the industry. As early as 2014, it opened an official flagship shop on third-party platforms such as Bao and Kyungdong, and consumers are now able to buy Qingdao beer directly on several mainstream social/shopping platforms such as Weibo, Bounty, Kyoutung, Meteor and Wiggy.
Qingdao's beer continues to magnify the "Official Flagship + Official Business Town + Online Retail + Distribution Specialty" e-commerce channel leadership by setting up a professional department of electricity channels, and initiates on-line ad hoc planning activities to enhance channel advantage. Qingdao's beer and Skycat platform partnered to launch the "Night Owl" can and Skycat music custom box and built the "100-year nation" on the Kyoto platform.
In the new retail business, Qingdao's beer works in partnership with such industry headline platforms as Kyundong Home, the USA, and Hungry?
The O2o operation, with a mature distribution network from a third-party platform, expands a richer consumption landscape, shortens distribution times, enhances consumer experience and improves customer loyalty; and, more importantly, the Qingjia beer on the o2o platform allows direct interaction with consumers, enhances control over channels and diversifys input efficiency outputs than traditional channels.
In 2019, the size of our new retail market for alcohol broke out by 100 billion yuan, and in 2025 it is expected to break out by 170 billion yuan, while the electronics platform is the main online purchase channel for new retail sales, and the Qingdao beer has been pre-positioned on the electrics platform and is expected to take its lead, with an increase in performance, as shown in figure 44: The size of the new retail market for wine in China (billions)
Figure 45: New retail distribution channel structure in China (2): Deep distribution strengthens channel control and builds a new scene for high-end beer consumption Qingjia beer divides its mode of operation into intensive, hybrid, and hybrid, depending on market occupancy rates and the capacity of distributors
The three exclusive types, with a strategy of large clients plus micro-operation, develop potential clients, train and empower them to integrate regional market resources, then tap into niche feedback lines such as large clients ' funds, manpower, and reduce corporate sales costs and expenditures; micro-businesses require business people to maintain fixed cards on sales terminals and enhance companies ' access to regional markets.
Starting in 2016, as a result of improved efficiency and control in the management of the company’s channels, the number of dealers in the company’s distribution has been decreasing, and the system of channel management is becoming more mature. On the other hand, the company’s push line is moving up and down, turning the bar into a flow.
Digitalization reforms allow consumers to engage in online marketing activities, ranging from early scavenging awards to co-signing, canning ads and scavenging codes to refueling Doo, and Qingdao beer enhances consumer consumption experiences through innovative marketing activities, as well as corporate control over sales data, improving marketing management efficiency, and effective communication between brands, end shops and consumers.
Qingdao's beer also boosts consumer immersion through the opening of underline flash shops, tidal shops, and 1903 bars, while increasing brand image, has led to an increase in sales of high-end products. Qingdao's beer is now opening over 200 1903 bars in more than 60 cities across the country, creating a new high-end beer consumption scene, and is trying to reach the O2o platform through end-to-end distribution in bars.
3.3.2 The base market has grown steadily, and regional strategies have continued to advance. The company relies on the market advantage of the base in Shandong and Shaanxi, and the provinces surrounding the radiation have also achieved a market share of more than 40 per cent in Shanxi and Hebei, with the company at the end of Shandong and Shaanxi, and has joined the Yellow River Precinct Province.
At the same time, companies are well-established in the region, where markets have been nurtured for many years, consumer brand loyalty has been strong, sales of their products have grown rapidly in the region, product structures have been upgraded, and support companies have promoted high-end development. The production of Shandong and Hebei regions was ranked first and seventh in the country in 2022, respectively.
The company’s coastal strategic belt includes Hainan, Guangdong, Fujian, Zhejiang, etc. The strategic belt of the river is dominated by the east of China, both of which cover the more developed parts of the country.
The company’s 2023 tonnage was $4379/3839/ton in the south-east/southeast, ranked first and fourth in each of the company’s six sales areas, with great potential for high-endization. The company had a certain competitive advantage in the coastal zone at an early stage, but with increasing market competition, the company’s cost of marketing in the strategic coastal zone remained high, and overall development was somewhat constrained, as companies became involved.
The company’s strategic losses along the east coast of the river are shrinking and reversing the losses. The current level of sales costs along the river coast has been gradually reduced to reasonable areas, and the company’s strategic profits along the river coast are expected to recover gradually.
4.1 Structural upgrading contributes to growth, cost down & tanking continues to improve the overall product structure of 4.1.1 products, revenue & profits are steadily rising, and the current pattern of competition in China's beer industry is stable, leading to a decrease in competition among leading market shares and a decrease in beer stocks
During the era, business goals gradually turned to profit. Three years of the new crown epidemic and macroeconomic influence, the overall consumption environment was somewhat weak in the last three years, and the market was generally concerned about the high-end rhythm of the beer industry. We thought that the path to upgrading would continue, and after two years of stress testing, the overall height of the beer industry would continue.
In addition to the rising share of high-end products, the next product structure has included natural upgrading of medium- and low-end products. The company’s low-end products still have a large potential for upgrading, with huge profit margins.
There is also a clear and progressive relationship between price-based products, whereby companies can gradually guide their customers to higher end products, turning their by-product customers into main brand customers, and even high end clients, with product upgrades more milder than direct price increases, consumers less resistant, and effective protection of consumer brand loyalty. And low end products are still the dominant product, though public goods are still the main product.
In response to the gradual decline in sales of low end products, but the sales share is more than 45%, the size of the low end consumer group is large and the price sensitivity of this segment of consumers is relatively high, the company is now largely guided by both consumption upgrading and tank replacement bottlers for efficiency gains.
For every 1% increase in the price of other brands, the net interest rate of the company will increase by 0.28 pct, the average price of other brands of the company in 2022/23, the high-end share will continue to rise, and the price of the company will increase steadily. The company is now centred on pure, classic two big single items, driving 56.95% of the year of Agu, with a ton price of $5,400 per ton, bringing the average to $4,238 per ton.
But there's still some distance from the international brand ton price. We believe that, as the company's sales structure improves, it will gradually lead to a steady increase in the company's Māori ratio, which still has enough profit margins to explore during the high-end process in the beer industry; and that, with his unchanging factor, each 1% increase in Aoshima's brand sales will result in a net interest rate of 0.21 pct, which will only increase in the product structure.
4.1.2 Cost down & tank rate up, contributing to a steady improvement in profit costs The company’s profit ends release flexibilities in the context of lower cost of raw materials. Around the second quarter of 2020, the beer industry is the dominant sector.
The prices of raw materials and packaging materials have been moving up the road, with the cost and profits of beer businesses gradually running under pressure. From the second half of the year 23, benefiting from the elimination of China’s counter-tariff on Australasia, we expect the price of wheat sprouts to fall significantly in 2024 by the first ton cost, while the price of imported barley at the end of February 2024 was 18.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and it is expected that the price of wheat sprouts at the listed company level will decline less than this.
Soft influences a small drop in the overall ton cost of the beer industry, leading to a negative growth of the same ton, thus helping the company to further its profits by actively increasing the tanking rate and completing the national layout. Canned products have a certain advantage over bottled products in terms of manufacturing costs, transport costs, and factory prices. The current share of glass and aluminium cans in Aoshima's beer costs is about 30/13%.
Qingdao's beer cannery rate is currently around 27%. The company has deployed cannery lines throughout the country, and the company's canning rate will continue to rise, and is expected to reach the world average in five years.
In 2021, the company again paid US$ 55/50 million in other termination benefits to two small, less competitive workers and 13.7 per cent of the net profits of the company. The volatility caused by the closure of the plant was gradually decreasing as the public sector ' s profitability continued to improve; and the company ' s capacity utilization rate was 65.06 per cent in 2016.
At the same time, company sales rates have declined significantly in recent years, and management rates have remained stable. In 2016-2023, the rate of beer sales in Qingdao showed a downward trend, although in 2023 the cost of company sales was 19.05 per cent (rewinded), it was 4.05 pct lower in 2016 than in 2016, and company marketing and channel reforms were very effective, with companies effectively increasing their innovation through digital reform.
Management quality, and continuous release of potential profits. Corporate management costs have been stable, with a slight increase in management costs since the closure strategy began in 2018, but they have remained largely around 6%, and have gradually declined in 2023 in the context of cost efficiency gains.
5. Profit forecasts and investment proposals (1) Qingdao master brand: keeping the company ' s core monolithics and classics growing faster, leading to the opening of markets for white beverages, high-end products of the Auckoo-principal character and a sustained increase in the sales of major brands and high-end products; and taking into account the weak overall consumption environment, we
(2) Other brands: domestic beer consumption is in stock and other brand sales by companies are expected to continue the downward trend, but other brand revenues are expected to stabilize through price increases, etc.; other brands are expected to sell in 2024-2026 at (3) cost: we expect a downward trend in barley prices in 24 years, while companies continue to do so through cost efficiency gains, etc.
Qingdao's beer has a strong product quality and a rich product matrix and is a high-end player in the country's product plate, and its outstanding R & D capacity can also ensure that it keeps up with consumer demand, while it accelerates the process of reducing efficiency gains and increases net interest rates.
Future firms will continue to expand their share of medium- and high-end markets through high-quality channels, contributing to steady growth in their incomes.1 Macroeconomic growth is not as high as expected. After the epidemic, macroeconomic recovery will be less than expected, the catering industry and nighttime consumption will be affected, and the sales of high-end products by companies will not be as high as expected;
Competition in the beer industry has been eager to enter Shandong markets, competition between companies along the coast and along the strategic belt of the river, and there is a possibility of increasing sales costs to protect market share, and if the market is more competitive, company profits will be affected by extreme weather events. The traditional beer sales season is q2 and q3, when the weather is hot and consumers need beer.
The demand is higher; but if the rains last longer, beer sales will be affected, and companies will sell less or less than expected;4 and the prices of raw materials will increase. 24 years of price movements for packaging materials, especially glass, are uncertain, and if cost pressures continue to expand, the company’s profits will be reduced.
The financial statement forecasts and valuations are aggregated on a reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status or belief in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.