• The company is a fibreglass tap, covering the international mainstream assembly plant. The company is the leading international producer of light glass, and is in the first line of industry. The main product includes light glass, floating glass, engineering glass, and so on. With the rapid development of the photovoltaic industry,
We expect the company’s market share to rise even further as productive capacity is phased in. We expect the company’s 2023-2025 silicon price reduction to release demand from the chain, leading companies to benefit fully. Silicon capacity bottlenecks are lifted, prices are falling rapidly to release demand, and we expect the world’s additional capacity to be installed in 2023.
350gw. As the penetration rate of the two-bond components rises, the global demand for photovoltaic glass is expected to rise to 2,674.2 million tons in 2023, corresponding to 91 billion yuan in market space. Given that some kilns are in cold-renovation and some of the new production capacity still needs to climb.
31,567.5 million tons, and in the context of an industry with an imbalance in supply and demand, the lag capacity will be phased out, while leading firms with pre-emptive and large-scale advantages are expected to benefit fully.
In the context of excess supply and high homogenization of products, cost control is the core competitiveness of light glass enterprises. We believe that, with the current three-fold fall logic resonant, there is a greater scope for corporate profit elasticity: (1) a large kiln can be downgraded with low single-ton energy consumption and higher production rates, and the company’s annual capacity is expected to expand from 20.6 million tons to 30.2 million tons in size.
The effect drives the spread of costs: (2) pure alkaline is one of the core raw materials of photovoltaic glass, with a price reduction of 22.37 per cent so far at the beginning of the year, and the cost of materials falls: (3) lime sand is another core raw material of photovoltaic glass. In 2022, the company laid stone sands, which were mined with 161 million tons, with increased cost control.
The company was set up in 1998 to design, develop, produce, and produce optical glass, which is mainly made of super-white light-pressureed flower glass and is used mostly for the production of crystallized silicon light-voltage batteries.
Glass products started in 2006 in the field of glazing, breaking the foreign giant’s monopoly on super-white-pressure glass. In 2011, the company set up its branding base, while carnival was lit. In 2015, the company was listed on the main board of Hong Kong’s joint venture, and in 2019 on a stock market.
In the 20-carrying glass industry, the company has now grown into a photovoltaic glass tap. As one of the country’s first firms to enter the optical glass industry, the company has received several awards for photovoltaic technology.
Businesses have established long-term and stable cooperative relationships, with major clients such as Lungi Green Energy, Crystal Energy, East Sunrise, and Crystal Australasia. Industry has expanded rapidly, and corporate revenues have sustained high growth.
The volume of new photovoltaics installed globally has grown steadily. With the rapid growth of the photovoltaic industry and expansion of capacity, the performance of the public sector has increased. In 2018-2022, companies achieved business income of 30.64, 48.07, 62.60, 87.13, and focused light-voltage glass, which has steadily advanced.
Revenue growth of 92.12 per cent over the same period. By the end of 2022, 194,000 tons of capacity had been acquired, and the fourth phase of the Anhui Production Base was under construction and was expected to be set on fire in 2023.
As of the first quarter of 2023, the chairman of the company, Mr. Nguyen Hong Liang, held 20,46% of the company’s shares, and Nguyen Hong Liang, Jiang Xinghua, Nguyen Zeyun and Zhao Xiaofeng were acting in concert.
Mr. Nguyen Hong Liang has more than 37 years of experience in the glass industry and is currently an executive director, chairman of the board of directors and general manager of the company and has been engaged in glass production and research and development, with fruitful results.
Figure 8: As of the first quarter of 2023, the firm ' s real owners and final beneficiaries were Nguyen Hong Liang, with a share of 20.46 per cent. High-window glass demand in the photovoltaic industry, with cost control of core competitiveness 2.1. Photovoltaic glass as an essential complement to components and lightening into industry trends
Photovoltaic glass is an important component of a photovoltaic component. Battery plates are usually used by euphemisms due to the poor mechanical strength of the photovoltaic batteries and their vulnerability to oxidation by moisture and corrosive gases in the air, which makes it difficult to work in a harsh open environment, while working voltage in the photovoltaic cells is smaller and difficult to meet the needs of general electrical equipment.
The film is sealed between a cover panel and a backboard, and consists of a photovoltile component with encapsulation and internal connections that provides direct electrical output separately. Depending on the structure of the photovoltile component, the photovoltage glass can be divided into a plate glass and a double-bond group for a single-bond component.
Single-bond components refer to conventional components, which use photovoltaic glass, while backboards use non-permeable composite materials (tpt, tpe, etc.). Double-bond components use two photovoltaic glass and photovoltaic battery fragments to form a composite layer, where the battery is bound by a chain of conductors that is combined with the photovoltaic battery components formed at the end of the lead line.
The two-bond components perform better than the single-bob components. Both the two-bob panels and the backboards use photovoltaic glass, which gives them a higher generation capacity and longer life than the single-bob components. (1) Single-bond components usually generate electricity only by accepting solar light on the front side, whereas the two-bob components, on the opposite side, are powerable components, and receive direct direct direct output on the front side.
Sunshine, ground-reflection light, space scattering light, etc., thus increasing the amount of electricity generated. (2) Two-bolith components incorporate photovoltaic glass, resistant to Pid, and have the advantage of being efficient and low-cost, adapted to harsh, high-pressure environments, with an average decline of less than single-bone components, and therefore have a longer life span.
The advantages of greater corrosivity, near-zero permeability, and higher fire levels are significant. Figure 11: Insorption of direct light by conventional monobonic components, Figure 12: Insorted direct and reflective light by two-probable components, increasing the amount of electricity generated
The conventional component absorbs direct light. Photovoltaic glass accounts for less than 10% of the cost of the component, but it is of particular importance. According to the number of leopards ' Science, Technology and Innovation Networks, photovoltaic glass accounts for 8% of the cost of the component and is an essential support material for the photovoltaic component. Photovoltaic glass is of particular importance:
(1) Its strength and durability can cause photovoltaic components to withstand harsh environments such as greater wind pressure, sand, hail and variations in day and night temperature; (2) The permeability of photovoltaic glass determines the power generation efficiency of the components.
Steelization, plating and plating are the main current processes to enhance photovoltaic glass performance. Intensity, elasticity and permeability are core performance indicators of photovoltaic glass, which can increase the intensity and dampness of photovoltaic glass through steel, which can increase the permeability of photovoltaic glass, while plating can increase the power of components.
The component uses plating glass as a sheeting material, with 98.8 per cent of the city ' s share of plating glass facing plating sheet glass in 2022. Steelization: heating the glass to a softer temperature with an even, rapid cooling, produces a significant permanent stress within the glass, which in turn increases the strength and heat stability of the glass.
plating: enhances the photovoltaic efficiency of the components by coating the glass surfaces with refrigerated refractions, reducing sunlight reflections, and thus increasing the photovoltaic efficiency of the components. This method can increase the glass permeability rate by about 2%. Platinum plating: plating the backboard glass surfaces with a white ceramic grid to fill the gap between the cells.
As the photovoltaic industry progresses towards efficiency and price parity, the thinification technology becomes the light glass. At present, the luminous glass thickness can be divided into 1.6 mm, 2.0 mm, etc.
3.2 mm and other specifications, of which glass with a thickness of 2.0 mm and less (i.e. thin glass) is used mainly for two-bond components. According to cpia data, in 2022, the market for front plate glass of 2.0 mm reached 39.7%, while the market for front plate glass with a thickness of 3.2 mm decreased to 59.3% of thin glass weight and high permeability.
At the same time, it can meet the demand for lower power costs for component manufacturers and the future direction of the industry. 2.2. At the end of the spectrum: silicon price reduction + double-bond penetration drive higher demand for photovoltaic glass.
According to cpia data, the global number of new photovoltaics in 2022 was 230gw, and we expect 350gw, 420gw, and 500gw, respectively, in 2023-2025, with a compound growth rate of 29.54%.
The photovoltaic industry, led by a series of policy incentives and market demand, has grown into a leading global niche. We expect new photovoltaic loads in the country to be 140, 170, 190gw in 2023-2025.
Using two photovoltaic glass as panels and backboards, the single-bond component uses only a 3.2 mm light glass as a panel. According to cpia, in 2022, the market for two-bond components accounted for 40.4% and is expected to rise to over 60% in 2030.
The demand for photovoltaic glass will increase by more than 25%. As the penetration rate of the two-bond component rises, the market for photovoltaic glass will be driven by a drop in the price of silicon, which will boost the demand for light glass. The price of silicon will continue to decline as silicon expands its capacity. According to pvinfolink, the average price of silicon is 28 June 2023.
The drop in prices for the silicon chain will lead to an increase in the willingness of component manufacturers to discharge, and demand is expected to accelerate the release. Glasses are required as components, with a lower depth of decline, limited impact of chain price reductions and a certain price rigidity.
Photovoltaic demand has increased, with global photovoltaic market space projected at $91 billion in 2023. According to cpia and our estimates, the projected global additional installed capacity for 2023-2025 is 350, 420 and 500gw, respectively.
As of 28 June 2023, the price of photovoltaic glass had fallen to a historically low level, with an average price of 3.2 mm light glass of 26 yuan per square metre and an average price of 2.0 mm glass of 18.5 yuan per square metre, so we conservatively assumed that 2023-2025 would be 2.3 at the end of supply: the shape of the double head was strong and the pace of policy-controlled production could be released.
The glazing industry has a double-hatted pattern, and Fullet is in the first echelon. It has benefited from the rapid growth of photovoltaic power, and the country's glazing industry has grown rapidly. The main players include Shinyo, Fulrate, Rainbow New Energy, Tang Shanjin-Shin, South Po, among them Shinyo and Fullet are in the first echelons of the industry, with two combined markets.
The supply pattern is expected to be optimized in 2022, according to the China-China Intelligence Network. On 2 July 2021, the Ministry of Trade and Communications published the Implementation Scheme for the Replacement of Productions in the Cement Glass Industry, which was implemented in August 2022.
The voltage-long glass project may not have an energy replacement programme, but it is necessary to establish an early warning mechanism for the production of energy risks. It provides for the establishment of new projects to be heard by industry organizations or intermediaries at the national level, commissioned by the provincial industrial and informational authorities, on the need for project construction, technological advances, energy consumption levels, environmental protection levels, etc., and to publish information on the project.
With the construction of a postnatal company, promise not to produce building glass.” Hearings and access policies will accelerate the expansion of light glass production. Small-scale, poorly branded, and poorly financed SMEs will face a phase-out of their capacity as the luminous industry continues to develop in the future.
Table 3: Many glass sector policies have been put in place to regulate the pace of expansion of production capacity.
Depending on a variety of factors, such as the quality of fire-resistant materials, the structure of the kiln, and the quality of construction, the kilns in the country are mostly of 8-10 years old and require subsequent cold-repair modifications. We believe that, given that some of the kilns are in cold-repair re-modification (e.g., the new rainbow energy co-fertilization kilns were shut down in 2023, and the Fretel Garfo glass was closed in 2023).
The cold-renovation project, some of the newly built capacity, which still needs to climb the slope, conservatively estimated a 75% capacity utilization rate of 75% and a 365-day deficit rate, assuming 78% of the finished photo-voltage glass and 31,567.5 million tonnes of effective annual production in 2023. Supply is still overstretched compared to the 2023 demand for 26.7402 million tons of light-voltage glass.
The Division is expected to achieve excess profits through low-cost production, the release of large kilns is advancing steadily, the deployment of platinum sand optimization costs 3.1, the continued expansion of the production of large kilns and the consolidation of economies of scale
Large kilns have a higher melting and completion rate and a clear drop path. Photovoltaic glass is processed from superwhite-pressure glass originals, and their production processes typically include both heat and cold ends, heat-end processes ranging from material weighting and mixing to quality monitoring, and a thermal kiln corresponds to multiple cold-end lines.
(c) Sex, which normally requires 24 hours of full operation, so that the kiln structure has a direct impact on production costs and efficiency. Large kilns have a significant advantage, with higher melting and completion rates, mainly through: (1) reduced single-ton energy consumption: more stable fuel and temperatures within large kilns and fewer raw materials and energy requirements;
Companies are among the leading players in the industry with a few lines of production above the daily molten mass of thousands of tons. In 2018, the company was able to produce two large-ton kilns of 1,000t/d, and when it came to the market in 2019, the company was given the advantage of financing.
The size of the new production line has been raised from 1,000 t/d to 1,200 t/d since 2021, and companies are increasingly competitive in terms of scale, efficiency and cost. As new projects are landing, the structure of the company ' s products has been upgraded.
The volume fell from 130 ppm to 110 ppm, and the plating glass permeation rate increased from 94.1% to 94.5%. The continued expansion of the scale effect, combined with the upgrading of the product structure, will further enhance the competitiveness of the company’s market and spread production costs.
Production capacity has expanded steadily, consolidating its leader. The downstream component industry has a high concentration, with a global photovoltaic component cr 5 in 2022 at 57.09% in output calibre. The company as a leader, the high concentration feature of downstream industries has led to deeper binding. The company’s output continues to function at a high level, with a high capacity of light glass production in 2022.
90.99 per cent of production capacity and output increased significantly and the vanguard position was further consolidated. By the first quarter of 2023, companies had a nominal capacity of 20.6 million tons per day of light glass production.
Pure alkali price reduction + layout rock sand, optimized cost control The main material cost of platinum sand and pure alkali is photovoltaic glass. The main cost of luminous glass consists of raw materials and fuel power, of which raw materials are mainly pure alkali and platinum sand, and fuel power is mainly petroleum fuel, natural gas.
In 2022, direct materials accounted for 44.93% of photovoltaic glass costs and energy sources for 36.73% of costs, which together amounted to 81.66%.
From January to March 2022, company-related procurement costs continued to rise, pushing up the unit cost of photovoltaic glass. Since April 2023, pure base prices have been on the decline, with a 22.37 per cent decrease from 21 June, when the price of recombinant pure alkali prices was $2093/t. With the further decline in pure alkali prices, the company ' s luminous glass Maori ratio is expected to be repaired.
High-quality quartz sands have become a scarce resource with the rapid development of the optical glass industry, so mastering high-quality and stable quartz and sand resources is at the core of the cost-control capabilities of the glass enterprise.
In February 2022, the company completed the acquisition of shares in Dahua Mining and Trio Mining, with a total of 44 million tons of mining reserves; and in July 2022, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Afford Glass, competed for Lingshan, Fengyang County, Angé Province.
The stable supply of high-quality rock and sand will guarantee the further development of the company. 3.3. Client resources are abundant, and strategic cooperation will promote steady development.
Downstream customers are rich in resources and long-term strategic cooperation to ensure that goods are delivered without fear. The company, as a light glass tap business, is primarily a well-known international manufacturer of components, including Lungi Green Energy, Crystal Energy, East Sunrise, and Crystal Australia's solar energy.
In January-March 2022, the top five clients were Lungi shares, crystal energy, cosmopolitan energy, crystal solar energy, and Eastern lighting, with sales accounting for 54.24% of revenue. Companies entered into strategic partnerships with a number of clients to ensure their long-term stability.
Long-term framework agreements were renewed by some strategic clients. On 6 and 14 April 2023, the company issued a public announcement that it had signed major sales strategic framework contracts with Crystal Energy and Jung-tae, respectively, with a projected combined sales volume of approximately 868 million square metres of photovoltaic glass, valued at $18.575 billion.
The company will be able to develop healthyly. 4. Profit predictions and investment proposals. Glossy glass business: the company is a light glass tap, driving industry chain prices as silicon prices fall.
We expect rapid growth in future production and sales through rapid expansion. We expect the company's photovoltaic operations. Engineering glass operations: we expect the company's engineering glass operations to generate revenue in 2023-2025, respectively.
24.3, 19.4, 14.1 times. We've chosen a light glass company, Yamaton, Kaisheng New Energy, and the Division of Colours, for which the current valuation level is lower than the average of comparable companies. It is clear that the company's cost and size advantage as a light glass tap is likely to continue to grow rapidly, with the profits of the company growing with light-voltage installed machines being covered for the first time, giving "buy."
Risk of increasing prices of raw materials and fuel;