Researchchand developmentcenter Fretel: A steady expansion of productive capacity to consolidate a leader position and multi-channel downfall to maintain a profit-making advantage
FLET: The steady expansion of productive capacity strengthens the vanguard position, multiple-channel downturns maintain a profit advantage, deep-deeply plows the glazing industry for more than 15 years, and collects a steady increase in profits.
In June 1998, in 2006, Fretel formally entered the field of light glass, becoming the country's first Ford (601865), the world's fourth-largest optical glass company certified by Swiss spf, and by the end of 2022, the man.
With 194,000 tonnes per day, or 23% of the country’s total capacity, swivel glass production is currently one of the largest producers of light glass. Since 2020, there has been a steady increase in global light demand, a rapid increase in corporate performance, a high demand for light, and an increase in the penetration of dual-faced components, leading to an increase in demand for light glass.
It is expected that the number of additional global loaders will increase from 345gw to 544gw in 2023-2025, with an average annual compound increase, and that the annual amount of photovoltaic glass smelting will be 7.5.988/1118 million tonnes per day, with cagr reaching 25.3 per cent.
The price of glass, which rose rapidly as a result of the tight demand for and supply of staged supplies, then fell rapidly after the end-of-service energy was released, and has been at a low level of profit since the second half of 2021. After February 2023, the price of pure base oil for upstream raw materials fell, leading to a rise in profit from photovoltaic glass.
In the light of the increasing intensity of the actual project announcements, there has been a general increase or decrease (%) in the number of new projects in comparison with the most recent month, and a decline in industrial stocks since March this year, either owing to long delays, actual output or unexpected expectations.
The company’s productive capacity has expanded steadily, with multiple-channel downturns maintaining a profitability advantage. The company’s productive capacity has continued to expand in recent years, and we expect a nominal production capacity of 254,000 tons per day in 2023.
In recent years, companies have continued to build large kiln production lines to reduce production consumption by cutting production orders, and have deployed upstream graphite ore ore resources to secure the supply of raw materials and maintain cost advantages. We believe that companies will continue to lead by technology, size, cost advantages.
The new expansion of capacity is more certain, and the city’s share is expected to continue to rise, keeping the industry at the forefront. Quite a profit forecast and investment rating: we believe that, against a background of a rebound in the bottom of the industry’s earnings and a marginal slowdown in the expansion of the industry’s output, the industry landscape is expected to concentrate further towards the head, and the company is expected to rely on itself.
The cost and scale advantages of the body continue to increase profitability and strengthen its own leadership. We anticipate that the Soldat securities company will cover the first time that a company is being rated as “buy-in”.
The risk factors are: less than expected demand for photovoltaics; less than expected penetration of the components; and more than expected.
The market believes that, in view of the added capacity of the hearings, the light glass industry is still in a more overstretched phase, the bottom of the profit period may be sustained, the pattern of competition may deteriorate. We believe that the additional capacity and the real capacity of the hearings will expand.
In greater uncertainty, industry profits are expected to rise at the bottom, leading companies are more certain about expansion of production than two or three lines, the photovoltaic glass industry has more than 100,000 tonnes per day of additional production, policy constraints on production capacity have become more stringent, and, in the case of actual project announcements, the start-up date for a universal project is likely to be longer than it would have been, and if no new project had been substantially built, it would have been possible.
Discontinuing the projects, with greater uncertainty about the physical location of the new production capacity, the industry stock has declined since March this year, and the industry has been making a profit or going back to the bottom. In our judgement, the glazing industry has been at the bottom of the profit cycle for the last two years, and the second- and third-line business has been less profitable and the expansion of capacity will be more difficult.
The share, as industry leader, is clearly ahead of the industry's second and third line. On the other hand, we believe that FLET is ahead of other firms in terms of technological skills, the large-scaleization of kilns, and the self-supply of raw materials, and that FLET is expected to expand its capacity through technological advantages, financial sizes, cost advantages, etc.
Zhang has a higher degree of certainty than a two- or three-line company, and the city’s share is expected to continue to rise, leading the industry’s competition.
Founded in June 1998, the Ford Glass Group is currently one of the world’s largest producers of photovoltaic glass. The company’s main product covers solar photovoltaic glass, high-quality floating glass, engineering glass, home glass, and is now complete through years of critical core technology research and development and product rotation.
In 1998, the Folet glass was established, with the main business being the sale of glass and chemical products, and in 2006, the Folet formally entered the field of photovoltaic glass, becoming the country's first and the world's fourth-largest certified optical glass enterprise through Swiss spf.
• In 2011, the company began to build up a reserve of mineral resources at the Angkor base by auctioning mining rights in Fungyang County, Anghui Province. The high-quality floating glass production line at Ka Hing's production base was set on fire.
In 2016, Folett (Viet Nam) Ltd. was set up, officially placed abroad, to invest in the construction of Viet Nam’s production base. In 2019, Folett was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange’s main board, a share, to speed up the process of globalization.
By the end of 2022, the company was able to produce 19.4 million tons per day of light glass. The company deepened the layout of its graphite and sand resources, with mineral reserves exceeding 167 million tons.
The company’s core products are photovoltaic glass, coupled with floating glass, engineering glass, home glass products. The company is currently a leading glass manufacturing enterprise in the country. The main business is the development, production and sale of photovoltaic glass, floating glass, engineering glass and household glass, and the mining, marketing and construction of an epc light voltage power station for the glass quartz mine.
As of August 2023, the real owners of the company were Mr. Nguyen Hongh Liang, Kang Xinghua, Nguyen Xiaohua and Mr. Zhao Xiaofei. Among them, Nguyen Hongh Liang and Kang Xinghua were husband and wife, and Nguyen Zeh Yun were the daughters of Nguyen Hongh Liang and Kang Xinghua, Zhao.
Xiaofei and Nguyen Zewun are husband and wife, the company’s management is experienced and its core members have been working in the glass industry for more than 20 years. Mr. Nguyen Hong Liang, the company’s controlling man, is currently the executive director, chairman of the board of directors and general manager of the company and is primarily responsible for corporate strategy development and business management.
Mr. Nguyen has more than 37 years of experience in the glass industry. Mr. Nguyen is currently a director of most of the company’s subsidiaries.
In recent years, the company’s performance has grown at a high rate. From 2018 to 2022, the net profit on business/motherhood increased from $3064.440.7 million in light glass camps. In terms of income structure, the company’s share of light glass operations has continued to rise in recent years, rising from $2,096 million in 2018 to $13.682 billion, and Cagr to 46 per cent.
The company continues to outperform second-line businesses as light glass taps. Since 2020, photovoltaic demand has continued to rise, with a gradual supply and demand strain in the second half of 2020, leading to a rapid increase in prices, a profit in the optical glass industry, excellent capacity, and a Fullet Māori ratio leading second-line firms 15-20 ptt; and prices have fallen to history as supply capacity is released.
In the lower echelons, in 2022, Fullet’s gross profit rate was still high because of the rise in raw materials, and the industry’s overall profit rate fell. According to Dubon, the change in the company’s share was mainly due to changes in net interest rates on sales and asset turnover rates.
Corporate costs are well controlled, with a focus on R & D inputs. In 2018-2022, thanks to the continued expansion of the company, the effects of scale are tied to the depth of downstream synchronisers, and the long sheets guarantee steady growth in performance. The company signed several long sales orders with top-down photovoltaic companies such as Lungi Green Energy, Crystal Energy, East Day, and Crystal Technologies, which are expected to reach $39 billion.
In response to climate change, 197 countries adopted the Paris Accord at the twenty-first session of the Conference of the Parties, held in Paris on 12 December 2015. The Agreement entered into force within one year and aims to significantly reduce the global level.
Greenhouse gas emissions, limiting global temperature rises in this century to 2°C, while seeking measures to further limit temperature rises to 1.5°C. Parties responded positively by making carbon neutral as a long-term development goal. We are striving to reach carbon peaks by 2030 and carbon neutral by 2060; economies like the European Union, the United States, Japan, etc., are using 2050 as a node.
Table 3: Carbon neutrality and policies in major countries
In 2004, the Federal Plan of Action for the Prevention and Control of Deforestation in the Amazon was developed.
In 2020, carbon neutrality was declared to be achieved by 2060 and in 2030, Brazil's distributed photovoltaic deployment will be on a scale of 23 million kilowatts (kW) to 2021, and the National Green Growth Plan will be launched, and carbon neutrality will be achieved by 2050.
42 million kW; by 2031, Brazil's distributed photovoltaic assembly will have reached 36 million kW in size, representing the country's photovoltaic build-up, and the Green Economy and Society Act on Measures to Promote New Energy Utilization, 1997-2021
On May 26, 2021, the Senate of the Diet of Japan formally adopted a revised version of Global Warming.
The introduction of renewable energy and its share of renewable electricity generation in 2030, the Responding Promotion Act, in the form of legislation clarifying the Government of Japan's proposal to increase import tariffs on photovoltaic components by April 2022 by 2050
In 2021, it was announced that it would achieve net zero emissions of greenhouse gases by 2070 40 per cent and batteries by 25 per cent. By 2023, India's residential roofs are projected to be too solar, solar, arctic, atmospheric, Chinese research consultant, China Energy, Economic Reference, News, New Wave, China Economic Times, Energy Foundation, Carbon Emissions Trading Network.
In 2010 - 2021, the cost of global photovoltaic calibration was reduced from 0.42 yuan/degrees to 0.05 dollars/degrees, a decrease of 88%. In 2021, photovoltaics became the leading factor in global investment in electricity technology.
Photovoltaic power is now at par in most parts of the world, and the cost of photovoltaic power is still falling significantly as technology rises. The global photovoltaic industry has been officially transferred from a policy-driven development phase to a price-neutral access phase, and photovoltaic power has become a cost-competitive, reliable, and sustainable power source.
The share of wind and photovoltaic power generation has been rising. In 2022, the total number of new installed wind and photovoltaic power generation units in the country amounted to 125 million kWh and 119 trillion kWh. In 2022, the national volume of wind and photovoltaic power generation increased by 21 per cent, with wind and photovoltaic power accounting for 13.8 per cent of the total consumption of electricity in society.
Figure 15: Our cumulative wind-loading capacity and acceleration in 2014-2022: Figure 16: Total wind-voltaic power generation and share of electricity generation in 2011-2022 is expected to continue. We expect an increase in the number of additional global installed machines from 345gw to 2023-2025.
III. Marginal improvements in the supply and demand patterns of photovoltaic glass, with industry expected to make profits up the bottom 3.1. The glass industry is characterized by high barriers to entry, continuous production, high raw materials and energy costs 3.1.1 photovoltaic glass is super-white-pressureed or super-white-float glass
Photovoltaic glass means a permeable panel specially designed for a photovoltile component. 1) Magnetic silicon component is a super-white-pressure glass that is mainly produced using the pressure method, and 2) a thin film component is a super-white glass that is mainly produced using the floating method.
The process of stretching the law to pre-white-pressure glass originals is mainly a product of input-melting-pressurization-reflection-cutting. The ingredients enter the glass kiln and are melted into glass fluids. The glass fluids enter the cooling zone and form a pool, cool to the temperature appropriate for the length of the glue, and the overflow vents enter the lower part of the top with a high degree of photopurity and a sculpted fine flower strip.
When the material drops and melts in the kiln at about 1,600°C, it melts together into even, non-blubber-free glass fluids. The glass fluids are clear to equalize, cool and then flow through the sink into the tin sink, drifting into the tin tank.
On the surface of the relatively dense tin liquid, the glass fluids are laid on the surface of the tin fluid and flatted into glass belts, combined with gravity and surface tension. The glass belts are cooled and hardened, and, under the influence of the transition table, pulls the tin troughs into the kiln, and the glass from the fire is tailored to form the original.
Figure 20: Pressure glass prototype preparation methods Figure 21: Float-based glass prototype preparation features of high intensity, high permeability, and high tolerance.
Requiems to cover panel glass with a high permeability while protecting crystalline silicon batteries, where steel glass is 91.5% or more and plating glass is 93.5% or more. For high-strength, high-permeability, and high-resistance weathering features in the preparation of light glass, steel, plating and plating processes are required.
Photovoltaic glass is one of the essential ingredients of a photovoltaic component. Photovoltaic components can be divided into a single and a double-bob, and the backboard material of a single package is mostly an impermeable composite.
A composite layer, where the battery is congested with a photovoltaic battery assembly made by a chain of conductors, which is combined to the end of the fuse. The two-bolith photovoltaic component has a longer life and more efficient power generation than the normal single-bolith component, and the glass-resistant, insulation of the two-brib component is also good for the traditional monocrylic component.
Figure 23: Photovoltaic component map 3.1.2 The country ' s photovoltaic glass industry is growing rapidly. The development of the photovoltaic glass industry can be broadly divided into three phases:
Phase I: From 2000 to 2005, the glazing industry was in its infancy, dominated by foreign firms. Four foreign companies, San Goban, Pirkinton, Japan, and Nitsuko, in France, monopolized the market for photovoltaic glass, while domestic photovoltaic component production required high prices to import photovoltaic glass, and domestic photovoltaic glass manufacturing was still in its infancy.
Phase II: From 2006 to 2012, the country’s photovoltaic glass industry began to grow. Rapidly growing demand for photovoltaics from abroad led to an expansion of the production capacity of a number of domestic photovoltaic glass manufacturing firms, with major inputs from leading glass firms represented by Fullet, technological development and the introduction of advanced technologies, the construction of photovoltaic glass production lines, and the national production of photovoltaic glass by mid-2011.
The country has grown to be the largest producer of photovoltaic glass, accounting for about half of global production. Phase III: From 2013 to date, our photovoltaic industry has continued to grow.
By 2016, the domestic glazing industry had moved from dependence on imports to a global leader, leaving foreign firms out of the glazing market. To date, the country’s large glass industry has started to build plants abroad, and China has grown into the world’s largest producer of light glass, with China producing 90% of the world’s glass in 2020.
The light glass industry has high entry barriers. Competition barriers in the light glass sector can be divided into technical barriers, certification barriers, and customer barriers. The light glass industry has high technical barriers.
So superwhite glass is much more demanding in terms of material design, process system design, melting kiln pool structures, operating systems, control systems, and product quality standards than normal glass. Photovoltaic glass, as an integral part of a photovoltile component, needs to be placed in the certification process together with component products.
Photovoltaic components in overseas markets such as the Alliance, the United States, Japan and others must be certified for local quality, the replacement of sealed glass must be recertified, the certification cycle is long and costly, and so the photovoltaic component enterprises are more inclined to engage in stable partnerships with those who have stable quality, timely supply and large-scale supply capacity.
There are high barriers for customers in the light glass sector. Access to the list of suppliers of light-voltage components is subject to a wide range of supplier appraisals, testing plants, product tests, certifications, small batch trials, medium-volume purchases up to bulk supply, which usually takes six months to one.
According to company announcements, the construction of a 1,200-ton/day kiln requires investment costs of $870-150 million, with a construction cycle of 1.5 to 2 years or more. The normal production of the original product requires 24 hours of continuous work, and if the quality of the product is unstable, the production cannot proceed properly, and the light glass manufacturing involves more technical links, the problem of a single link affects the product.
3.1.4 Pure alkaline, quartz sand, and natural gas are the main raw materials for light-voltage glass. Precursor raw materials for light-voltage are mainly heavy alkaline, quartz sand, natural gas, etc. According to the Mobil, the production of 1 ton of photo-voltaic platinum requires 130 kg of pure alkali, 800 kg of gravel sand and 130 kg of other raw materials, while consuming 500 cubic metres of natural gas.
The main production costs of photovoltaic glass come from raw materials and energy costs. Direct materials account for more than 40% of the cost of photovoltaic glass and about 35% of the cost of energy power, according to the Rainbow New Energy Index.
According to cpia, in 2022, the two-faced components will outperform the market mainstream. Both-faced components will use glass panels before and after them, and the penetration rate will rise.
According to cpia, the glass thickness of the front plate is 1.6 mm, 2.0 mm, 3.2 mm and other specifications, with a glass thickness of 2.0 mm being used mainly for the two-boil components. In 2022, because of the two-faced components of the market,
The demand has increased, with 39.7% of the front plate glass market with a thickness of 2.0 mm and 59.3% of the front plate market with a thickness of 3.2 mm. The industry has moved to a n-sized, large scale. According to cpia, the ratio of silicon silicon in 2022 has increased to 10%, with the industry ' s n-type.
Technological progress will result in a further expansion of the market share of the n silicon. On the other hand, the silicon specifications are moving towards 182/210 mm inches, down from 36% in 2021 to 15.5% in 2022, and the future market is projected to show a change in the market share of the different types of silicon in 2022-2030.
Seydi Center for Electronic Energy Development, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, 3.3 effective production capacity slows down, leading shares are expected to rise steadily, 3.3.1 oligarchic patterns are strong and the pace of new production is slowing down
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, by the end of 2022, the country ' s total photovoltaic glass capacity was 84,000 tons per day. According to the annual reports of Fulette and Shinrikyo, the capacity of the two companies had reached 1,994 tons per day and 1980,000 tons per day, respectively, by the end of 2022, accounting for 23 per cent and 24 per cent of the total capacity of the industry, and about 50 per cent of the capacity of the industry.
In July 2021, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued a revised version of the Implementation Scheme for the Production and Replacement of Cement Glass Industry, which states that the new photovoltaic pressure and long glass project no longer requires the replacement of capacity, but that the new project is to be heard by industry organizations or intermediaries throughout the country, commissioned by the provincial industrial and information authorities.
Needs, technological advances, energy consumption levels, environmental protection levels, etc., and project information. Industry smelting has grown slowly, with a daily melting of about 90,000 tonnes per day as of the beginning of July 2023, compared with an increase at the beginning of the year. Figure 33: 18.6 (tonnes per day) of the cumulative nominal capacity of photovoltaic glass in 2023
According to Ningxia and Shandong Employment and Information Office, the start-up date for some of the projects is more than six months behind. On the other hand, it is expected to tighten the caliber for new production performance, and the provinces will conduct relevant statistics on ongoing production capacity, if new projects are established.
If there is no substantial construction, the project may be shut down, and the actual capacity is lost or not expected. The release of the additional capacity will have to take into account, for example, energy consumption, land, finance, technology and the profitability of the industry at the time of the release of the capacity.
There is a higher degree of certainty about oligarchic expansion, and the city’s share is expected to increase further. Compared to the second and third-line enterprises, the two oligarchs, Fullet and Shin Shin could expand their production capacity with greater certainty, and are expected to occupy a higher market share in the competition.
Since 2020, photovoltaic demand has continued to rise, and photovoltaic glass experienced a gradual supply and demand strain in the second half of 2020, causing prices to rise rapidly and then fall back to historically low levels as new production capacity in the industry was released. The fall in pure base prices in 2023 led to a small recovery in profit from photovoltaic glass.
The price of materials increases costs and the profitability of photovoltaic glass is under pressure. Since 2023, the price of raw materials has fallen upstream, leading to a recovery in the profit from photovoltaic glass.
4.1 The advantages of scale are strong, the capacity of production continues to expand, and the advantages of scale are expected to be maintained. In recent years, the pace of expansion of the capacity of companies has accelerated, with the volume of production growing from high levels of production and sales remaining high. In 2022, the company achieved 510 million square metres of light glass and sold.
The rate reached 97%. The volume of sales of the company ' s energy expansion auxiliary production increased significantly, from 97 million square metres in 2018 to 524 million square metres in 2022, with a 52% capr. 4.2 The proportion of the kilns has increased and production monomer consumption has continued to decline.
Large kilns can reduce single consumption and increase the rate of finished products. Large kilns have higher melting and completion rates and are more productive. This is evidenced by: 1) reduced single-ton energy consumption and more stable fuel and temperatures within large kilns, thus requiring fewer raw materials and energy consumption; 2) higher finished product rates, with a significant increase in single-line sizes, waste margins to be removed, production lines to be removed
Indicators such as effective area coverage are clearly optimized. According to the Forlet announcement, the cost of producing photovoltaic glass products in 1,000t/d kilns is 10-20% lower than in 650t/d kilns. Material consumption in large kilns is lower than in small kilns, and in 1,000t/d kilns it is 3.7% lower than in 600t/d kilns.
The kilns at 1200t/d are 8.74% lower than the kilns at 600t/d. Average kilns continue to grow in size and production costs are expected to decrease. Foret completed the first 1,000t/d kiln production line under the company’s flag in 2017 and continued to expand 1,000t/d kilns at subsequent production bases in Viet Nam
Furlet then went further in increasing the size of the kiln, organizing the construction of two 1200t/d kiln production lines in 2019, with 5 new 1,200t/d kiln production lines projected in 2020, and 6 new 1,200t/d kiln production lines projected in 2022, with companies expected to continue to reduce production monopolization and increase profitability by increasing the size of the kiln.
4.3 Positive layout and consolidation of cost advantages Upstream of industry chains. Photovoltaic glass primary raw materials are pure alkaline, quartz, white clouds, energy consumption is mainly petroleum fuel, natural gas and electricity, and raw materials and energy costs are key factors in determining the overall cost of glass manufacturing. According to the Ford Bulletin, 2019-2022q1
During this period, the company’s average share of raw materials and energy costs for pure alkali/stone/white cloud/oil fuel/electricity/natural gas increased in 2022. According to the company’s announcement, the average price for pure alkali purchases by 2022q1 was $2,279.24 per tonne, an increase of 17.95 per cent over 2021, mainly due to increased downstream demand, power restrictions and double-control.
Since March 2021, the price of pure alkali has been rising rapidly and has reached high levels by the end of the year. 2022q1 prices, though falling, have remained generally high. 2022q1 oil fuel purchases averaged $3,833.34 per tonne, an increase of 4.24 per cent compared to 2021, mainly due to the limited production growth of oec, the expected positive trend in the world economy and oil consumption, and the Russian-Turkish conflict.
The upstream resource capacity is ahead of the industry, guaranteeing the supply of raw materials and consolidating the cost advantage. Forlet started in 2011 with the active deployment of the quartz ore ore resources, and on October 27, 2021, and February 13, 2022, it signed an agreement on the transfer of shares and a supplementary agreement on the transfer of shares for the purchase of 100 per cent of the shares of the mining industry and the mining industry.
In February 2022, a change of equity was formally completed; on August 1, 2022, Ford's fully-funded subsidiary, Afford Glass, competed for the right to mine quartz ore ore for glass mining in Yang County. Compared to other companies in the industry, Folet's reserve of quartz ore resources is stronger and is expected to continue in the future with cost advantages at the end of the raw materials, and we expect that Folet's rate of self-supply will be maintained at 60-70%.
As the demand for photovoltaic components continues to thrive to support the demand for light glass, we judge that the price of light glass over the next 1-2 years will allow us to think that, against the background of a recovery in the bottom of the industry and a marginal slowdown in the expansion of the industry's productive capacity, the industry is expected to concentrate on the head, and the company is expected to increase its profitability and consolidate its own dragons on the basis of its own cost and size advantages.
The demand for photovoltaics is not as high as expected: if the overall demand for photovoltaics is not as high as expected, the demand for photovoltaic glass, which is used as an aid for photovoltaic components, will also be less than expected if the penetration rate of the two-faced glass is not as high as it is expected to affect the demand for photovoltaic glass; the demand for the glass will not be as high as it is expected;
(a) Risk of excess photovoltaic glass production: photovoltaic glass supply, if it increases rapidly or will result in excess photovoltaic glass production capacity;
:: Impact on the price and profitability of photovoltaic products; joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the new energy sector for electrical equipment, and the photovoltaic industry, which is responsible for research.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, joined the Sino-Da Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 and was responsible for research in the new electricity systems and electrical equipment industry. Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 and was responsible for research in the lithium electric materials industry.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for new energy, Lee Woo-jin, team member, Master of Economics, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Shanghai University, 2023, responsible for any component of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is an exclusive research product produced and issued by the CSRC for clients under a service agreement with the CSSW, and is intended to assist and inform decision-making on investment in this category. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not intended for public release.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may vary to varying degrees.
At different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, different perspectives and analytical methods are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.