Performance is going to warm up, power and consumer batteries are going to grow fast, year by year, 2020, performance is going to warm back, and Smoll International is going to make a sustainable contribution.
In 2020, the company experienced a quarterly increase in revenue of 2,822 million yuan for 20q4, an increase of 53.84 per cent for the same year and 30.43 per cent for the ring; the mother ' s net profit of 706 million yuan, a growth of 94.32 per cent for the same year and a growth of 21.09 per cent for the ring, all of which was one season higher. The billion yuan, which brought a return on investment to the company of $790 million.
In cash, the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was 2,191 million yuan, an increase of 43.93% over the same period the previous year. Looking ahead, the electronic smoke industry has greater space in the domestic and foreign markets, we expect that global electronic tobacco retail sales will grow by more than 20% annually in 2021-25, and Smoll International will maintain rapid growth with limited regulatory influence on the final electronic smoke business.
Corporate power and consumer battery operations will enter a fast-growing period Power and storage battery operations: $4.064 billion in 2020, a significant increase of 93.08 per cent in comparison with the previous year, which will grow rapidly in the future. 1) The joint three-dollar package is expected to deliver 2.5gwh in Dymler in 2020, almost fully productive in 2021.
It will expand further to about 10 gwh and add high-quality customers such as modern Kia and peng. 2) With regard to lfp batteries, we expect to deliver around 2-3 gwh in the last year, mainly to meet commercial vehicle and storage needs, with capacity reaching 6 gwh in 2021, application landscapes expected to expand to use vehicles, engineering power, etc., and output will be further released in 2022.
In the case of three-dimensional batteries, the company's products have been targeted by a number of offshore customers, such as Daimler and Jaguar Lugger 48v, successfully entering the offshore high-end supply chain, and it is expected that there will be a small number of deliveries this year, entering the consumer battery business in 2022: $4.098 billion in 2020, a decrease of 4.85 per cent.
Steady, in 2021, with the resumption of smart metering operations and the introduction of a new operation to monitor the birth pressure, we are expected to recover to 2019 levels. (2) Three-dollar cylinders have an effective production capacity of 500 million, and last year they were mainly delivered to tti, etc., to tti, etc. Research Assistant: Lee Kingbo
Households are expected to grow steadily in the future as production capacity expands and applications such as two-wheeler cars expand. 3) The demand for small consumer groups such as tws, electrical smoke, and wearing equipment is also released, to the extent that tws are expected to produce 100 million left and right this year, and are expected to maintain a high capacity utilization rate.
Incentives to demonstrate management confidence. Lettere (ttm), considering that the company is the Lithium Battery Lead Company, the operations go hand in hand, actively expand production capacity, reach out to clients, and maintain a `recommended' rating.
The volume of new energy vehicle sales has fallen short of expectations: consumer electronic demand has fallen short of expectations: price volatility of raw materials: the e-smoking industry’s policy winds.
Li Kyung-po, who has five years of experience in the motor industry at Shanghai Transport University, joined the civil securities industry in February 2021 and is mainly responsible for new energy vehicles, and whose authors possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensuring that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality and not being influenced or influenced by any third party,