q1 performance meets expectations, and the Soft Pack & Cylinder contribution is significant — 100 million latitudes of lithium will be evaluated in the first quarter of 2021 q1 performance was slightly lower, and the Department's profitability performance was higher than expected.
The company ' s revenue from q1 operations was 2,958 million yuan, representing an increase of 4.8 per cent in the ring, of which the consumer battery was about 1.1 billion yuan and the power battery was about 1.8 billion yuan. Smaur ' s investment revenue was 382 million yuan, his department ' s net profit was about 265 million yuan, and the billion dollar extrapolated the three dollar soft bag ' s ability to make a profit. The company ' s overall profitability was excellent.
The power cell business is growing dynamically, and the cylinder battery is growing rapidly.
In the case of lithium, the q1 commercial vehicle fleet has slowed down and is currently expected to be full of 6gwh. The company is active in the car and storage market, with great potential in the area of vehicle use, and the company has a more developed and dedicated storage programme, which is expected to be available throughout the year.
For cylinder batteries, the company q1's new line of production began to move in bulk, with the "N.S.S.I.S. study -- billion latitudes of lithium (3,0014) rating: billions of dollars, double the same ratio.
(b) The company continues to improve the layout of its domestic and domestic gold bean cell patents, and the tws battery is expected to be imported into the country.
Smoll's technology, customers, access certification, and traffic sales are on the rise, and catl gets a modern fix (2021-2-7)
In the long run, the industry has been raised by strong regulation, which has regulated the disruption of the industry.
In the short term, the industry continues to grow at a high rate, both in terms of e-smoking brands expansion and consumer choice. Smaur is expected to continue to contribute substantial investment returns over the next two years.
The report is presented independently, objectively and with due diligence and professionalism, by the author with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment to the report are based on compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.