According to the 2020 annual report, the overall usage of lithium ion in the company ' s main battalion was 97.7 per cent (9.52 per cent of lithium primary batteries and 98.75 per cent of lithium ion batteries), with 21 years q1 continuing at a high level;) as disclosed in the above-mentioned Record Forms, the power cell business is growing rapidly, with 20 years of collection.
The same-year growth ranged from 93% to 4,064 million yuan, and the q1 income in 21 years was more than three times higher than the same-year increase; three-dollar soft-pack batteries continued to stabilize their delivery, with sufficient orders, and the Cube phosphate lithium battery entered the productive-capability release period.
1) In terms of product-line design and downstream market selection, corporate product lines and downstream applications are rich, with rapid development dividends from the market-segregated niches such as etc, wireless headphones, new energy vehicles through rapid industrialization and market expansion, and the risk of single market volatility through “multiple layouts”.
2) In the area of supply chain management, the company has recently strengthened its negotiating power at the upstream level by entering into the stock-and-friendry cobalt industry, planning a joint venture with Defonami, which we believe will help to improve cost controls. 3) In addition to operating on its own, the company has been active in international power cells in the area of product development and capacity-building.
In response to a previous announcement (2020.12.10, 30), Sun’s company Hong Kong and Kiki jointly built a 27gwh power cell capacity that meets, among other things, the complementary needs of international and domestic automobile companies; and the billions of latitudes.
According to a recent announcement (2021.4.30), the company’s collaboration with storedot’s fast-loading product development extended from the former 3c class application to the electric car sector. We believe that progress, if well advanced, would further enhance the competitiveness of companies.
(4) In recent years, companies have been receiving orders and orders from internationally recognized vehicles, such as Daimler, Modern Keia, BMW and Jaguar Road Rover, highlighting the market's recognition of the company's combined competitive strengths and business strategies, and the continued enforcement of orders will also contribute to the acceleration of the development of the industry.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the power of lithium at 300014: good business, cooperation with the strong of the industry, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Master of Arts, University of Shanghai, University of Transport, University of Manchester (financial direction) and joined East Hing Merchant Securities, Huaitai Securities, and Abb Co. in May 2019.
Leading the team in the preparation of the 2016, 2017 and 2018-2019 editions of the China Battery Industry Yearbook; invited as guest speaker for the 2018 Swedish Green Traffic Congress.
B.A. in Material Science and Engineering, Beijing University of Science and Technology, Master of Economics, People’s University of China, 2019, joined the East Hing Securities, where he studied electrical equipment and new energy industries, mainly in the direction of the new energy automobile industry.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Lithium 300014: operating well, working with the strong in the industry, does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.