On April 22, the company released the first quarter of 2021, which generated 2,958 million yuan, an increase of 125,98 per cent over the previous year.
The performance of 21q1 meets expectations that the Māori rate will be stabilized The company ' s 21q1 revenue of 2,958 million yuan, an increase of 125.98 per cent over the same period, an increase of 4.80 per cent over the ring, and a single-season historical record; net profit return of 647 million yuan, an increase of 156.22 per cent over the same period, a slight decrease of 8.36 per cent in the ring.
The decline in the Māori rate is mainly due to: 1) the transfer of freight costs from sales costs to costs as a result of the change in accounting standards; 2) the level of Māori in corporate power cells is lower than in consumer batteries and the rate of revenue is rising, leading to a slight decline in the overall Māori rate, which will level off in the future as the power and consumption of batteries go hand in hand.
21q1 power and consumer battery operations are growing rapidly, and Smoll International continues to contribute its revenues Power cell operations: a high growth trend of 20q4 continued, with sales of 21q1 increasing by 302.21 per cent on a year-on-year basis. 1) Three-dollar soft, battery packages have sufficient orders for Daimler, Modern Keia and Ping to deliver stable, and the year-round capacity will expand to 10gwh
Around 8gwh. 2) lfp is entering the productive release period and this year is expected to deliver 6gwh, and the company issued an announcement on 24 March that a joint venture would be established with Defonami to invest $2 billion in the construction of the 100,000 tonnes a year lfp project, which would meet the lfp capacity requirements of around 40gwh within 12 months of the entry into force of the joint venture agreement
Quantities, which are expected to boost the company’s lfp production, provide escort coverage. 3) Three-dimensional square batteries are targeted by more than one high-end offshore client, such as Daimler and Jaguar Lugger, and are expected to enter the bulk supply period in 2022, opening up a new growth point.
The Division is in the lead in the industry in lithium primary batteries, triple cylinder batteries, etc., with a clear competitive advantage. 1) Lithium primary batteries, an output capacity, mainly delivered to customers such as electric tools tti, calf wheels, etc., will increase steadily. 3) Small consumer categories such as tws, electronic smoke, wearable equipment, etc. will also be released, and we anticipate that small-scale lithium consumption will be achieved.
Research assistant: Lee Kyung-hoon, company 21q1 will maintain a high capacity utilization rate. Smoor International: company holdings of 32.42 per cent of the eSmoot Giant 21q1 contribute $371 million to the company ' s profits
Euros, 271.72% more than the previous year. According to Frost Sullivan, the annual rate of growth in the global electronic fogization equipment market from 2020 to 25 will be 32.6%, and Smoll International, as the leader of the industry, will benefit fully from high growth and will sustain the company ' s 200 million latitude lithium energy (300014): repurchase of stocks for its employees.
Incentives to demonstrate management confidence. Lettere (ttm), considering that the company is the Lithium Battery Lead Company, the operations go hand in hand, actively expand production capacity, reach out to clients, and maintain a `recommended' rating.
The sales of new energy vehicles have fallen short of expectations: consumer electronics demand has fallen short of expectations; prices of raw materials have fluctuated; and e-smoking policy risks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.