Year 2023: Reciprocal new products, fully benefiting.
Events: On April 12, 2024, Sealight Information published its annual report, 2023. In 2023, the company collected 6,012 million yuan, an increase of 17.30 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and the net profit from repatriation was 1,263 million yuan, an increase in comparison with the annual shareholder meeting of 2023 to 2024.
During the year, transactions with related parties were projected: a company and other companies under its control were expected to sell goods and provide labour-related transactions amounting to $6,322 million, an increase of 45 per cent over the same period.  Operating cash flows improved significantly, and research and development investments increased: in 2023, there was a net operating cash flow for companies.
The amount of $814 million represents a significant improvement over the 2022-043 million dollar. This is mainly due to increased sales returns from clients, combined with interest income and government subsidy receipts. In 2023, the Māori rate for corporate integrated circuits was 59.67 per cent, an increase of 7.47 pct over the same year.
This is mainly because companies have increased their input into new products such as dcu. i’s arithmetic is faster, and sealight dcu is expected to rise: after overseas sanctions, the ai chip’s domestic production claims have increased.
Performance and eco-national leadership are expected to benefit fully from the national production of arithmetic. The company's Deep Count 2 was released in 2023 q3 and has achieved business in the fields of big data, artificial intelligence, and business computing. Deep Count 3 is under development.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company owns two leading domestic products: cpu and dcu. On the cpu side, the company’s income from cpu products will increase steadily as the industry’s trust is steadily advancing. On the dcu side, the demand for the arithmetic has increased and the trend towards national production has accelerated, with the country’s home-grown ai chip manufacturer gaining ground.
Cpu tap, ai opens up a vast space for dcu, an historic opportunity.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.