The year 2023 was marked by a year-on-year increase in performance, a year-on-year improvement in profitability and a year-on-year increase in performance of 2304. The company published 23 years-on-year returns of $6.012 billion, or +17.3 per cent, and a year-on-year net profit of $1,263 million, or +57.2 per cent.
Net profit: 1.136 billion yuan, compared with +51.8 per cent in performance growth analysis: 1) cpu operations: 23 years of weak demand and slower growth of cpu operations; 2) dcu operations: 23 years of large-scale national production model s09805190002
Rapid growth in the demand for the arithmetic, combined with a contraction in the U.S. exports to the Huai chip, a rapid increase in the demand for home-grown arithmetic, and a rapid increase in sales revenue from the company's dcu business.
This is the reason why the Māori ratio has increased. 1) The product structure continues to be optimized: a significant increase in the sales share of the high Māori (7000 series) sales due to the construction needs of IACs; 2)
Catalogues: High Māori new product Sealight III cpu, Deep Count 2 dcu rapid release; 3) Negative cost causes: 22 years due to price increases in crystal round and 21 years of scheduled high price base sheets, resulting in a decline in product gross interest rates, 23 years of normal raw material prices and rehabilitation of Māori rates. 2. Cost: 23 years of fees
1) cpu products: company 2018, Sealight Information (688041.sh) - based on cpu operations, horizontal expansion of the ai chip
Sealight I, Sealight II, Sealight III products, Sealight IV, Sealight V. Sealight Information (688041.sh) Quarterly Review 2022: The first three quarters of profit increase R & D is progressing well, the product is fast-changing, short-term focus is on national production needs in the IT field, product sales
Sealight Information (688041.sh) - Leaders of the national microprocessor industry - sales revenue is expected to increase steadily. 2) dcu products: companies published deep-count 1 in 2021 and deep-count 2 in 2023.
The boom, the rapid growth in demand for home-grown numeracy, the advantages of corporate dcu products in areas such as high accuracy, ecology, and value for money, and the prospect of rapid growth in sales earnings to become the second-largest growth curve of the company. Investment advice: national production leads the ai chip company, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Risks, price increases for raw materials and production capacity constraints; risk of technology catching up or replacement, etc. billions of yuan, compared to +51.8 per cent, performance growth analysis: 1) cpu operations: 23 years of weak letter-making demand, bpu operations slowing down: 2) dcu operations: 23 years of rapid development of large-scale national production ai models and a rapidly growing need for arithmetic
Long, in combination with the contraction of US exports to the Huai chip, the demand for domestic production numeracy has grown rapidly, with companies doing dcu doing business at $138.5 per cent, ring +61.6 per cent, net profit from non-repatriation at $302 million, +108.8 per cent, ring + 40.5 per cent.
Increases in sales revenue from dcu operations compared to depth one, with a rapid increase in sales revenue from dcu operations, and a higher one-quarter performance ratio. Figure 2: Corporate income from single-season operations and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Corporate net profit return and increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Corporate single-season net profit return and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Māori increase year-on-year and cost increase-on-year. Product structure continues to be optimized: IAC construction needs, high Māori ratio cpu (series 7000) sales
The ratio has risen significantly; 2) the new product has changed: the high Māori new product, Sealight 3, cpu, Deep Count 2 dcu, fast release; 3) the elimination of negative cost factors: the decline in the Māori rate of the product over 22 years due to the rise in the price of the crystal round and the 21-year high price base, the return to normal prices of raw materials over 23 years and the rehabilitation of the Māori rate.
Figure 6: Cost rates during company period (in billions of yuan, per cent) Rapid product rotation, with dcu operations as the second growth curve. cpu Products: companies released Sealight I, Sealight II and Sealight in 2018, 2020 and 2022, respectively
Product No. 3, Sealight 4 and Sealight 5 are progressing well, and the product is fast-changing, with short-term focus on domestic production needs in the IT field, and the revenue from product sales is expected to grow steadily.
R & D is progressing well and is expected to be published in 24 years; the big model of national production is booming, the demand for domestic production numeracy is growing rapidly, companies have advantages in high accuracy, ecology, value for money, etc., and sales and revenues are expected to grow rapidly and become the second-largest growth curve of companies.
Figure 7: Rapid rotation of company cpu products, Figure 8: Rapid rotation of company dcu products. Author ensures that data used in reporting are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author