Bulls Group (603195): 22 years of steady business. Bulls Group Inc. was founded in 1995.
Revenue of $3.61 billion, i.e. 7.0 per cent; net return to the mother of $830 million, i.e. +44.1 per cent.
Built converters (i.e. extended line plugs, mobile plugs, etc.), wall switches plugs, led lighting, power sources such as digital accessories Switchers, wall open operations have strong advantages, product expansion opens up growth space, new energy sources, orphan lamps, etc.
Connectivity and the use of electrical extension products are widely applied to households, and new business starts well. Sub-operations, 1) the electricity connection business collects $7.05 billion, or +4.2 per cent of the year, and the switching business is one of the company's cornerstones, with strong advantages and robust growth.
The landscape continues to be new, pushing the average price upwards; it continues to enrich plugs, wires, electrical attachments, etc., and push-line sales. In addition, the company is actively expanding the emerging b-channels of industrial end distribution, data centres, etc. The point-linking business is expected to continue to develop robustly.
A series of new items have followed the sales trend and have been supported by channels for the development of audio, cellular batteries, etc. (2) Smart electrician lighting operations have received $6.85 billion, or +23.4 per cent, of the same amount. The company has a solid advantage and a steadily increasing share in the wall switches category.
The company continues to expand its traditional light-lighting business, while at the same time moving towards a total equity/transita share (million shares) to create a home-wide smart ecology with a headlight at its core.
In addition, there is an increase in smart eco-products, such as smart door locks, smart dryers, etc.
Quick. Smart eco-products can be connected to bull thinkers at p., smart eco-systems are gradually improving and are expected to continue to contribute to the company. 3) New energy business: $153 million, compared to +63%. New energy markets are booming, and products like charge guns & stakes, storage, etc. are technically connected to the company's main product category.
Synergy is the current focus of the business. Third-party branding is first achieved online in the first year that the charge gun and pegs are on the market. The company relies on the experience of small b-channel management, focusing on professional distributors such as 4s shops, car beauty shops, etc., with a pre-emptive advantage; and I set up specialized teams for professional clients.
They believe that the company’s advantage over new energy vehicles will continue to rise with the increase in the size of the charge gun. The storage of energy products is at the stage of technological development, with only open-door products now available, and future applications are expected to be enriched.
In 2022, the company set up two major marketing systems: Toc, Tob, co-ordinated and co-ordinated on the c-end thrust line, and b-end, developed a strong marketing network covering more than 1.1 million end-points across the country.
1) toc channel: Underline, traditional channels maintain their advantages, while expanding the product categories and opening new lines of business quickly.
Products such as converters, circuit breakers, and the company ' s enabling web site for sophisticated marketing will continue to bring stability to the company, s14805210800005 gold currents; decorative channels are shared channels for the company ' s smart electrician lighting business, and the company is fast-tracked.
There are more than 5,000 distributors in the rapid expansion of new energy sources. In addition, the digital accessories channel continues to operate on mobile phones (s148012100014).
On-line: the company has established a flag shop for lighting, digital, new energy, etc., and has promoted the construction of a matrix for the "1+P+n" shop. The company has fully used big online data, resources, digital marketing to expand its operations, wire converters, walled plugs, and keeping the market occupied.
First, the share of new energy sources has increased steadily. 2) (b) End channels: companies based on wall-opening plugs, orphan lighting products are at the core, with a focus on small b-channels. In 2022, companies and 200 well-known leaders from the East were the source of financial prosperity.
In 2022, the company raised the opening of overseas channels to an important strategic level. In 22 years, autonomous branding focused on opening up the South-East Asian market to convert.
At the same time, companies operate cross-border power suppliers in the European and American markets, charging online and new energy products, such as electric guns, and are expected to continue opening up their markets through new energy products in the future. The introduction of new products is expected to increase cost-effectively, and profitability is expected to improve.
Prices are more relevant, and companies continue to moderate volatility through hedging and push for lower efficiency gains, with higher cost increases due to the roll-out of two business lines: no headlights, new energy sources, and a steady increase in future new products. Overall, net corporate interest rates are 22.6%, corresponding to +0.2 pct, and are expected to fall over time.
The company’s profit projections and investment ratings are: the company’s two cornerstones of business converters, its walls are strong, and it is expected to recover steadily this year; the company’s access to channel layouts and power-connected technology is based on the company’s expansion of its niches, while at the same time actively setting the sea.
The company's business performance is stable, strategic, a lack of masters and new sources of energy. There's plenty of room for new business markets. Foreign markets are in the process of being discovered. We're looking forward to a steady future for the Bulls Group.
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, Liu Tanda, Chang-jae.
The research assistant's profile is Shen Chongron, and he consumes light labor research directions.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Bulls Group (603195): 22 years of sound business and a smooth start to new business do not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.