The Bulls Group (603195.sh) recorded a steady increase in the same rate of growth and a rapid increase in new energy products, a steady increase in revenue and net profits in 2022. Fy2022 achieved business income of $14,081 million, same as Fy2022.
29.04 billion yuan, an increase of 10.3 per cent over the same period, and the impact of the epidemic on the resilience of companies ' performance, which, on the one hand, is based on improved product matrices, diversified channels, innovative products that are more responsive to consumer demand and thus more marketable, while new products such as electric chargers and headlamps are increasing in volume;
On the other hand, by upgrading products to enhance their market competitiveness and increase the unit price of products. The Māori rate is mainly due to higher costs of raw materials as compared to Piti, and companies have increased the Māori ring ratio in the second quarter mainly through product price hikes.
Four quarters of 2022 saw a slowdown in revenue growth and a significant increase in net profits. Fy2022q4 achieved a net profit of $792 million from its parent, an increase of 47.5 per cent from the same period. Māori performance continued to grow robustly during the quarter when raw material costs were down. Fy2023q1 achieved revenue of $3.34 billion from its operations, an increase of the same year.
8.3 per cent long; net profit on maternity is 736 million yuan, an increase of 14.7 per cent over the same period; net profit on non-mortality is 645 million; income from smart electrician lighting and new energy products is growing rapidly in the subcategory. 1) Income from new energy operations Markets and b end-of-cycle operators, respectively, offer different products to meet user needs. 2) Traditional electricity connections
Product revenues grew steadily by 4%; smart electrician lighting continued to grow at a rapid rate of +23%. For example, end-c continued to deepen the specialization and integration of decorative channels. New energy sources and end-b channels were fast.
New sources of energy began to be established in March 2022, with more than 100 recruitments of professional dealers throughout the country, the Bulls Group (603195.sh) - a 14 per cent increase in revenue in the third quarter, with new operations and channels focusing on one or two third-line cities.
The Bulls Group (603195.sh) - New lines of operation are expanding well, with three main lines of operation, namely, peaks, creations, Saint-Dou, shell shells, Bulls Group (603195.sh) - intelligent electricians growing 36.9 per cent of their lighting revenues through channels.
Some 200 well-known head companies and platforms, such as Lubban, have established strategic partnerships: Meanwhile, the company's full-scale dynamic engineering project operations have continued to focus on the development of the real estate complex.
Investment proposals: watch for new and old businesses and new and old channels to work together. We look forward to companies moving into more civilian electricians, smart households, and long-term sound operation and growth.
In 2022, income grew robustly in tandem with net profits. Fy2022 achieved business income of $14,081 million, a 13.7 per cent increase in the same year; MPR of $3,189 million, a 14.7 per cent increase in the same year; NPR of $2,904 million, a 10.3 per cent increase in the same year, with firm performance growing more resiliently, with income growth on the main side of the epidemic.
Better product matrix, more diversified channels, more innovative products that are more responsive to consumer demand, and therefore more marketed; new products such as charge guns, lightless lights, which add up; and, on the other hand, enhanced competitiveness in their own markets through product upgrading and higher unit prices.
The Māori rate increased by the same year. The Fy2022 Māori rate increased by 38 per cent, compared to 1.1 pp in the same period last year; the decline in the Māori rate in one quarter was mainly due to higher costs of raw materials; the second quarter was dominated by pressure on companies to hedge costs through product price increases; and the price of raw materials stabilized in the second half of the year and the company ' s Māori Ring increased.
The increase in sales costs is mainly due to strategic advisory inputs and sufficient operating cash flows. Fy2022 operating net cash flow of 3,058 million, or +1.45 per cent, slowed revenue growth in the quarter of 2022, significantly increased net profits and increased profits on a quarterly basis.
Realising operating income of $3.607 billion, an increase of 7.0 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $827 million, an increase of 44.1 per cent in the same year; net profit from non-return to mothers of $792 million, an increase of 47.5 per cent in the same year. The Māori rate increases by 41 per cent on a quarterly basis, while the cost of raw materials falls, and the ring of 2022q4 is an increase of 2.0 pp, an increase of 8.7 pp in the same year.
Performance in the first quarter of 2023 maintained robust growth. Fy2023q1 achieved business income of 3,334 million yuan, an increase of 8.3 per cent in the same year; net profit for mothers of 736 million yuan, an increase of 14.7 per cent in the same year; net profit for non-mothers of 645 million yuan, a breakdown of which shows a rapid growth in smart electric lighting and income from new energy products.
For example, in the case of new energy vehicles, charge guns, load posts, and companies fully study vehicle characteristics and consumption applications for the c-end market.
New products, such as high-power, aoo-grade mini chargers, IUPG chargers, etc., were introduced to meet the needs of the market ' s mainstream vehicle model for differential scene charging; for the b end-operator market, a direct-flow chargepole, which supports a flexible configuration of 20kw~240kw full power, was introduced, and the output voltage bandwidth was fully met.
dc150v-1000v battery charge demand and can run with maximum power over a long period of time. 2) Traditional electricity connection product revenue growth is steady at 4%; smart electrician lighting continues to grow at a rapid rate of +23%; through product upgrading innovation, active layout of large panels with thinly thin products in the main price segments, and led lighting revolves around "Eye Love"
Positioning research and development to launch new products and multiple smart eco-products, such as smart lights, smart door locks, etc. Sub-channels, c-end continued to deepen the specialization and integration of decorative channels, and new energy and b-end channels developed rapidly. 1) c-end decoration channels drive wall switches plugs, led lighting, circuit breakers, life appliances, intelligence.
In March of 2022, new energy channels began to be set up to expand the market for new energy chargers under the line, relying on long-term service to distributed customers.
(b) In 2022, the company continued to refine the three main operations of the installation, engineering projects, and real estate complexes.
At the core, with the advantages of a multi-goods combination, cooperation with domestic front-loading companies has been expanding. In 2022, companies established strategic partnerships with some 200 well-known head-loading companies and platforms, such as peaks, creations, Saint-Dou, shell shells and Lubban, and increased coverage of regional loading sites around priority cities; at the same time, companies worked at full capacity.
The project operates as an important clearing partner for construction projects such as the Yu An-New Zone, the Bay of Hong Kong, and works actively to build poles in the areas of safe houses, education, hotels, logistics; and continues to focus on the development of the housing industry, which continues to work solidly with high-quality real estate companies such as Thakang, Paulie, and China.
Investment proposal: to watch new and old businesses and new and old channels work together, companies continue to innovate, traditional businesses are growing at a steady pace, smart electrician lighting products and new energy products are gaining momentum, channels are expanding well, new products are gaining rapid growth through their original channels, end-of-end decorating.
Channels continue to deepen specialization and integration: b-end channels and new energy sources are expanding rapidly. We see that companies continue to gain access to more civilian electricians, intelligent households, and achieve the author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through sound judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author