10 April 2023 Strong performance, new operating space, Bulls Group (603195.sh)
Chen Pak-du lost a net profit of 2.889 billion yuan, an increase of 9.76 per cent, and eps.528 yuan/shares. Of this, the fourth quarter realized an operating income of $3.607 billion, an increase of 6.95 per cent, and a net return to the mother.
The profits are 813 million yuan, an increase of 41.56 per cent over the same period; the net profit is 777 million yuan, and by comparison with the Bicentre: the traditional business barriers are deep and are expected to remain robust.
The sales model provides for the establishment of more than 750,000 hardware outlets, 120,000 professional decoration and lighting outlets, and 250,000 digital accessories outlets throughout the country.
Looking ahead, the company’s traditional business size is larger and the market is higher, and it is expected to maintain a robust expansion in the future, driven by product upgrading and new channels expansion. Two brands are expanding the lightless business, and there is much room for future growth.
The lighting industry has a tendency to see light without light, through the use of both brands of the bull and the strategic layout. In light, the company uses lightless lights as a strategic business at the group level, with the goal of creating 10 billion brands.
In the case of bulls, the company uses traditional decorative channels to expand and create synergies with traditional businesses. Technology, adequate product reserves, and new energy charging are moving fast.
The demand is centered on a full product matrix based on excellent technological R & D capabilities, running high-power chargers, high-power custom-made direct charge poles, and so on. On top of the line, according to Quasi data, 23q1 companies are in Skycat, the third-party car on the Kyoutung platform.
The share of the market for charging equipment is ranked second; on the bottom line, the company has created a new energy channel, 22h1 has expanded to thousands of c-end professional outlets and opened up for b-end customers Investment proposal: the company continues to deepen its channel layout, with continuous innovation centred on user demand
Products, traditional businesses, and new business developments such as orphan lamps, new energy sources. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.