The Bulls Group (603195.sh) Division raised $14,081 million, an increase of 13.7 per cent over the 22-year period; the net profit on maternity was $3,189 million.
Chen Bo-ju's four-quarter single-season revenues were $3.607 billion, an increase of 6.95 per cent in the same year; net profit returns to mothers were $827 million, an increase of 44.1 per cent in the same year, with 2023q1, with the company generating 3,334 million yuan.
The Mäori rate is 1.58 pct, of which the sales/management/R & D/financial cost rates are respectively.
The increase in the utilization rate is mainly due to: increased investment during the reporting period in advertising fees, business extension fees, etc. The growth of traditional operations is robust, and there is wide scope for the growth of headlamps. In connection with electricity connections, 2022 focuses on the satisfaction of user needs broken down by electrical scenes, extension of channel-related items.
It follows industry and user trends, and it has been able to market a series of new products that have been developed on an autonomous basis, surrounding devices such as mobile phones, laptops, etc., to make a systemized layout of the product. Smart electrician lighting surfaces, with $6,849 million in 2022, an increase of 23.39 per cent.
The plugs continue to be decorated, deepening the construction of the same product system in accordance with the differentiated needs of different channels of customers. 2) Led lighting is demand-digging for different applications, further improving the layout of the product. 3) Smart headlights are a priority for companies in the future.
In 2022, a new professional brand was developed, “blowing”, with a strategic layout based on lighting and bull branding. 4) Ecology actively builds pre-assembly smart ecosystems and gradually completes, with a strong push for new energy business layouts that are expected to continue to grow.
The strategic layout of the energy business, based on core technological advantages, has been upgraded around user pain points, continuously expanding the product matrix, and has a layout in the fields of new energy automobile charge guns, stumps, and outdoor storage.
(b) Focusing on pilot projects for clients such as institutions, enterprises, property, charging stations, etc., and summing up methodologies to provide a good basis for large-scale nationwide dissemination.
In 2022, the company ' s new energy products achieved a revenue of 153 million yuan, an increase of 638.62 per cent over the same period. Investment proposals: the company will continue to deepen its channel layout, with its innovation centred on user needs; its traditional business will grow robustly; and its new business development, such as orphan lamps and new energy sources, will be advanced.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.