The performance of the satellite petrochemicals continues to pick up, steadily moving forward with construction in progress by 13.1 per cent; net profit on return to mothers is 623 million yuan, a decrease of 10.45 per cent over the same period.
The net return to the mother is $296 million, an increase of 40.13 per cent. The company also publishes year-round performance guidelines, which continue to pick up in the third quarter. The company ' s three-quarter performance continues to pick up on the basis of the second quarter, with a single-quarter net profit increasing by 40.13 per cent, up from the second quarter.
11.2% increase. According to the information data from Begawa, the price difference for three quarters of acrylic acid is approximately $2,631 per tonne, with a 20.4% ring increase, which is the main driving force behind the company’s continued recovery in performance. With the high price of oil and the continued improvement in the market prices for acrylic acid and esters, the company’s performance is expected to continue in the fourth quarter.
The company continues to work around two main lines, C3 and C2. The 220,000 tons of peroxy water project was launched in July, and the 450,000 pdh II production is expected by the end of 2018.
Aquatic resin three-phase project, and an annual production of 360,000 tons of acrylic acid and esters are planned to be phased in by 2019. Even the 3.2 million tons of petrochemical/young hydrocarbon integrated processing project at the Cloudport is well under way.
The Chinese-American trade war affected the exports of corporate products; large fluctuations in exchange rates affected the exchange gains and losses of companies; abnormal fluctuations in oil prices and raw materials prices affected the prices of corporate products and Maori; the progress of project construction was lower than expected; and risks to the safety of the environment.
Future expansion will further increase the company's market share in the acrylic acid sector, the LFA project, and the Sino-Soldier International Securities Corporation, Inc. are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
CHEMICALS: CHEMICAL MATERIAL