On 23 October, the company disclosed its semi-annual report for 2018. The company disclosed its third quarterly report for 2018. At the beginning of the year to the end of the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $6,927 million, an increase of 13 per cent over the same period of the previous year; and net return to mothers of $623 million, a decrease of 10.45 per cent over the same period of the previous year.
In the third quarter of 2018, the company achieved operating income of $2.57 billion, an increase of 22.9 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $296 million, a significant increase of 40.1 per cent over the same period last year; and profit of 0.28 yuan per share, a 29 per cent increase over the same period.
There is a significant decline in the speed of growth, with new output dominated by pdh. The slow growth in acrylic capacity has in part curbed the expansion of downstream production in the c3 industry chain. The c3 derivatives have already experienced significant supply and demand constraints, and the apparent rate of consumption of acrylic acid and esters has outpaced the rate of productivity growth. But planning for the future, overseas investment is still not focused on c3, and domestic investment in c3 has begun to decline.
Prices for acrylic acids and esters will continue to rise over the four-quarter seasons of the traditional season. The prices for acrylic acids and acrylic esters in October were 10,400 and 11,600 tons, respectively, and increased by 15.6 per cent and 22.8 per cent, respectively, over the same period last year.
Four quarters are expected to be a single season high, with year-round performance expected to be the same as last year. In the company’s business history, three or four quarters are usually the traditional acrylic acid and ester season. 217 q3 achieved a net return profit of $211 million, the highest in three quarters in the last five years.
At current product prices, it is expected to increase by more than 30% from $247 million in the last four quarters of the year, with year-round performance expected compared to figure 3: net profit from satellite petrochemicals in the first quarter of the year pdh II is now in production, doubling next year’s contribution performance. The US shale gas revolution has resulted in large amounts of cheap propane, and the price of propane on the international market is expected to double.
The price of propaneb in the North American market has dragged up the price of cp in the Middle East, and the company pdh, a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, has grown in profitability in the context of rising crude oil prices. The company contributed 1,149 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 57.18 per cent over the same period last year; it accounted for 57.18 per cent of the company.
The second phase of production of 450,000 tons of pdh will contribute to the year’s performance in 2019. The global ethylene project is investing in the boom, and the company’s ethane fission project is moving ahead.
A wave of light-massification of acetylene-based materials has taken place. The ethane fission capacity in the United States has expanded significantly, with the addition of East Asia. Recently, Basf, Exxon Mobil, announced investment in the construction of a ethylene fission ethylene device in China; and the crude oil fission ethylene project of Exxon Mobil in the canyon appears to have had an impact on the ethylene market. We believe that the crude oil fission ethylene project has a long landing cycle and is aimed at increasing production of crude oil.
High-value-added products, which are not directly competitive with ethylene fission. The company ' s light hydrocarbon use project is now well under way, and a charter agreement has been concluded for the exclusive transport of ethylene. The project is far ahead of the country and is expected to be operational by the end of 2020.
Due to uncontrollable factors, the company’s performance in the first quarter has been significantly lower than expected, thus delaying its overall performance since the beginning of the year. But since the third quarter, the supply and demand of the c3 production chain has continued to improve, product prices have been rising, and performance in the third quarter has increased significantly over the same period. The company’s 450,000 tons pdh project is now in operation, with 360,000 tons of acrylic acid and esters, 60,000 tons of sap capacity, and 3.2 million tons of light hydrocarbons in the future.
New projects are not as productive as expected: downstream products are not needed as expected.
Zhang Ming-hoon Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, 2 years of experience in chemical industries, in basic chemical industries, Liu Woo-Chou, since October 2015
Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space + Bachelor of Laws, cfa.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, PhD in Chemical Engineering, University of Ohio, United States, cfa, three years of experience in chemical industry. Many leading international academic journals, with 5 national and foreign patents and more than 10 papers signed by leading international academic journals, have been cited almost 1,000 times cumulatively. B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, Master in Chemical Engineering, University of Tulsa, United States, four years of experience in overseas chemical industry, joined Dongxing in May 2018.
Xu Kullen Benko and M.A. are both in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, where they worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three years of experience in the management of chemical technology development and analysis of their own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.