The price of one mass rises, the two wings expand on the edge, and the country's drug depots are on the new investment rating: buying (for the first time) a well-deserved national drug, with sustained growth in performance.
Its prescriptions and techniques have been classified as State secrets and included in the country’s drug-level protective varieties, the highest level of Chinese drug protection. Companies have achieved rapid growth in their net profits in recent years, particularly in terms of income and return to their mothers.
The growth rate has increased significantly since the “one nuclear two-wing” strategy was introduced in 2014, with a growing collection structure.
The value has been tested for time. The Botsu has a dual consumption attribute and extends to three major company prices compared to the 300-deep trend in using the scene. 1. Hepatic medicine: China is a big hepatic country and is expected to suffer from liver disease by 2022.
The market for medicines will reach $3.7 billion at the retail end. It will take the lead by taking half of the retail side. 2. Daily health care and alcohol: high health-care costs target high net population, driven by increased health awareness and higher consumption among high net population, plus experience halls.
The price rises: Tsai has a state-protected double-secret formula, is scarce, and enjoys a full price-fixing right. The cost is high on the cost of the raw material, both natural musk and natural oxen.
In the trend toward higher prices for raw materials, the price of a piece of paper rises to hedge cost pressures. The “two-wing” wing is very rich, not just derivatives, but complements the “one-nuclear-wing” strategic development pattern of the company, which clearly states: “Health medicine, health food,”
Health medicine, health foods, and specialty cosmetics, and solarized products are the two wings of its Xu-Su-Su-Su, which has already grown to provide revenue and profit to the company.
And solarization and cosmetics are not just derivatives, but complementary and complementary to each other. They provide good recipes, good stories, and good healing for both wings; they raise awareness, reduce crowd acceptance, and expand the border. On the one hand, they are rich.
As the market develops and the company expands, the two-wing business becomes a well-deserved national drug that is not as popular as expected, the price of raw materials fluctuates, and the day-to-day/commodity business is not growing as fast as expected.
What do you mean, "squad"? It says, "Shob" is the word in the south, "shob" is the word in the south, "shob" is the word in the south, "shob" is the hot swollen pain, when a piece of sugar is cut apart, and each one can eliminate the heat swollen pain, so it is popularly known as "shobble." The company was created in December 1999 by a pharmaceutical factory in the former state of Yiu, and it is a state-of-the-art technology.
The Chinese medicine industry and the Chinese Chinese medicine industry are among the top protections for Chinese Chinese medicine. 1.500 years of history, traditional Chinese medicine is doing a great job.
The history of Tsai can be traced back to China’s Ming Dynasty, almost 500 years ago. The 500-year history of development can be divided into three phases: the period of popular development before the founding of the country, the period of exploration from nationalization to the time of listing, and the period of great effort to date.
In the pre-national era (1555-1949), China’s Ming Dynasty in 1555, when the Emperor’s doctor was in hiding because he was unsatisfied with the tyranny of the palace.
At the beginning of the year, in 1911, a monk from the Xiaoshan Rock set up a "cine tea" at the East Gate of Xiangzhou.
After the creation of the new China (1949-2003), in 1956, the government made a socialist transformation of the private sector.
(b) In December 1957, the conglomerate joint factory was merged with the public-private conservatoire, which was renamed the public-private conservatoire, and the co-opportunidade drug factory, which is owned by the Chinese city drug factory.
(b) The establishment in 1993 of the Xiaochu Group Corporation, a central company of the Pharmacists of the City of Xiangzhou;
In December 1999, together with the other legal entities, the company of the Xiangzhou Chai Gang was the main sponsor of the initiative to set up the Xiangzhou Chai Pharmacy Co. Ltd., which has been on the market since 2003 to date.
(a) In June 2003, the company's shares were listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, with the short title “Photo” and the code code 600436, becoming the backbone of the City of Suzhou;
(a) Food, functional beverages and specialty cosmetics, and solarized products with two wings, supplemented by the flow of medicines, a health industry group, which entered the Chinese pharmaceutical industry at 100%;
In 2016, in cooperation with Shanghai Familyization, a company was set up to purchase 51 per cent of the share in the Chinese medicine industry from Huayun. 1.2 State-owned holdings have been stabilized.
Since the company’s shares were placed on the market in 2003, the Xilongjiang Group has been the company’s largest shareholder. The Xilongjiang Group holds 56.9% of the shares of the Xilongjiang Group through the Xilongjiang Group in Xizhou City.
In line with the company's “one-nuclear” big health development strategy, the scope of the company's operations has been transformed from simple pharmaceutical production to a grouping of raw materials, the pharmaceutical industry, medical circulation, special cosmetics and solar and food health products equal to one-size-fits-all health groups.
The company has experienced rapid growth in its revenue collection and return net profits in recent years, particularly since the “one-nuclear-wing” strategy was introduced in 2014. The recovery and return net profit growth peaked in 2017, respectively.
The company’s main business consists of the pharmaceutical industry, medical circulation, and solar goods. In this case, the absolute core product is a series of medium-sized drug cards, including a cylindrical, a cylindrical capsule, and a compound.
Since 2014, when the company launched a strategy for the development of a “one-wing” large health industry, it has been active in building a healthy, healthy, and nutritious food industry. The “one-wing” has been gradually extended to “two-wing” products.
The industry remains the main contributor, with a significant increase in the contribution of solar Maori, which reached 19% in 2020. According to the initial 2021 performance flash report, net interest rates reached a new high of 30.3%, further reflecting a downward trend in the company’s cost-effectiveness rate.
Two-volume increase: Double-consumption properties add up, marketing promotes a 2.1-consumption-based expansion of three major use scenarios, known for their extraordinary medical and health-care benefits.
Detoxification, cold haemorrhage, swollen pain relief, acute viral hepatitis caused by heated haemorrhagic bruises, anthrax, unnamed swollen, bruised injuries, and all kinds of inflammation.
2.1.1. The properties of the drug are used to treat the function of the pyrolysis as a pyrolysis, cold blood and bruises, and for pain relief.
The acute and chronic viral hepatitis caused by hot toxaemia, anthrax, unnamed swollen, hit injuries and various inflammations are in the range of prescription drugs. Depending on the scene and the amount of use, a series of products are offered for selection, consisting of a zillium (3g), a zillium capsule (0.3 g x 6) and a complex zillion (additional).
In addition to acute chronic hepatitis and other areas such as hepatic diseases, there are other scenes that can be volatile. The daily use is around 1.8 g (in in insinants) at a cost of about 350 yuan/day.
Unlike Western medicine, which clearly labels each ingredient, Chinese medicine is often marked with the entire drug as a raw substance. For traditional Chinese medicine like Taki, it has been tested for centuries, but in the face of universal application.
Evidence-based medicine is even more important when it comes to modern medicine, which is more sexual. Various literatures on this subject show that it is highly effective in the field of adaptive diseases, providing a more solid basis for clinical use.
Pzh2111, pzh2108, lds (pzh2107) and 3 new Chinese drugs for the treatment of widespread anxiety Pzh1204, for the treatment of intestinal stress syndrome pzh1201 and for the treatment of osteoporosis pzh1203 are in the clinical research phase.
Hepatic disease, a large country, has a long way to go. According to a report by the International Centre for Research on Cancer, 2018, the incidence of liver cancer in China is the ninth highest, after a few developing countries or emerging economies, but the number of hepatic patients in China is estimated on the basis of population size.
By 2018, the market for hepatitis drugs in China was close to 70 billion yuan. According to the Minnet database, the market for pharmaceutical products for hepatitis in China has continued to grow, reaching 6.1 billion yuan in 2018, of which doctors are the largest.
The hospital market, the main channel for the distribution of drugs for hepatitis, did not reach the hospital market for drugs, Top 10, or less than 2.4 per cent. It is worth mentioning that the hospital market and the retail market are in the 2019th edition of health insurance (provincial plus B) and in Jilin,
In terms of academic outreach, Tianjin helped to market the results of the latest clinical and pharmacological studies in Guizhou, Anhui, Tibet, Tianjin, and Fujian provinces.
The company perfected and implemented the Management System for External Specialists, which promoted the promotion of the Xiachi terminal and the more academicization, precision, retail market: the first brand of the healthy Chinese brand for liver and urchin medicine, which has an absolute advantage of half.
In bits, the total is 40.66 billion yuan, of which the medium level of medicine is close to 10 billion yuan. As prescription outflows and graded consultations progress, retail outlets rise, and the market for pharmaceutical products in hepatitis is expected to reach 3.7 billion yuan by 2022.
A strong market share at the retail end, together with the promotion of new models, such as experience halls, is expected to increase penetration and dominate the pharmaceutical market for liver diseases.
China’s hepatic market has been raised year after year by a potentially large number of hepatopathic populations, and overworked, poor dietary habits, as well as daily and night-to-day proximate habits are the cause of hepatic disease. China’s medicine has emphasized that there is no cure, that is, no cure.
The efficacy of liver health care must not be ignored, and there is a huge consumer market hidden. The method used for the care of health-care breeders in the “Shobs” has two main types. 1) is used for routine health care. Hepatitis protection, liver and immuno-regulation, using 0.6g/twice, 1-2/day, corresponding to 6-12 boxes/month, is available for long-term use; 2)
The method used is 0.6g before or after the wine, followed by 0.6g every eight hours, followed by 2-3 consecutive doses. According to the above-mentioned method of use, the estimated annual cost of the “scaffle series” for daily health care and wine settlement is $48,000 and $30,000, respectively.
Daily health care costs around $70,000 a year, more for the high-net population. In terms of geographical distribution, there is a broad base in the East China region, particularly in Fujian, which contributed to the company in the first half of 2019.
Compared to the geographical distribution of the high net population, the region is also a concentration of the high net population. According to the Hu Yun Research Institute’s White Paper on Health Indicators for High Net Value People in China, as of January 2017, millions of assets were located in the Great China China District.
By 2022, the number of people with high net worth will be close to 2.5 million. In the process of increasing the recognition of Chinese brand names, it will be high outside China.
Net-value client recognition will also increase, penetration will converge towards the East China region, with a huge daily health-care consumer market.
China’s wine market, though quite large, does not always have a sense of how to use alcohol to protect the liver, especially in the face of high costs. So the use of a piece of wine to remove the liver is more targeted at high-value customers.
In the White Paper on Chinese Alcohol Consumption Conduct, 2019, published by the Hu Yun Institute, the average net-valued drinking population is 34 years of age, and the average household assets of the high-net drinking population are 12.9 million yuan.
White wine is China’s “state drink” and is especially marked by high-end brands, represented by Mao Dai and Five Food fluids. Selecting high-end white wine (the most favoured brand of five grain fluids and huts) as the target group of potential customers for a piece of chauvin. The White Paper on Chinese Alcohol Consumption Practice 2019 further states that the white wine-drinking population is present.
There is a marked difference between men and women, with an average age of 37. On the purchase frequency, monthly purchases, the alcohol situation in 195 countries, published in 2018, shows a significant difference between men and women in China. In 2016, the drinking rate among Chinese women was 16%, compared to Chinese men.
The rate of alcohol consumption is 48%, a three-fold difference. According to the above figures, the number of people drinking alcohol in 2018 was about 788,000. Given the nature of the work in high net-value groups, the rate of drinking alcohol among high net-value groups is higher, and as consumption rises, the figures tend to increase year by year, with a preliminary estimate of the number of people drinking alcohol in high net terms by 2022.
It'll reach 1 million times. So there's a lot of room in the drinking market for the high net people in the future.
The end of the drug is driven by the increased demand for hepatitis drugs, the higher penetration of high net populations at the end of the health care, and the stability of the foreign market, which is expected to reach 10 million boxes in 2022. 2.2 The experience hall is open, and the National Pharmacy is out of the country.
Companies are divided into inward and outward sales according to the distribution area, with internal sales divided into traditional regional distributions, film sales - local distributors and retail outlets of medicines: distributioner model: based on selection of local powerful distributors with a certain marketing network
At the same time, the company has set up marketing offices in priority distribution areas throughout the country, and its personnel abroad have worked with distributors to open markets and organize multi-modal and multi-channel extension service terminals; and product managers have been set up to manage them in an integrated manner, depending on the operation of the market.
In addition to marketing through pharmacies in various parts of the country, companies are actively building a company's direct project to expand retail operations at point-to-point at the National Pharmacy and the Pharmacy Counter.
\triangleright Raising awareness and loyalty of social consumer groups to the brand name of  and increasing the desire to buy products; focusing on the country's best-known areas, airports, railway stations, urban cultural neighbourhoods and popular commercial areas.
In 2014, when the new leadership took office, it was founded to propose a “one nuclear two-wing” development strategy.
The central element of the overall development strategy is management of channels. The previous channels used to be distribution-based, indirect marketing through the door, with no cost at all, and no direct contact with the end-user. And the Twilight Experience House was trying to break this fixed, single way of selling, bringing the product directly to the audience and bringing it closer to the end.
The distance between the payers is accompanied by savings in distribution costs. “Cultural communication + brand presentation + product promotion + on-site experience” is a combination of cultural communication: understanding traditional Chinese medicine culture.
\triangleright brand display: Feel the long history of ; Product promotion: Increase consumer purchasing appetite;
It's not just a series of masquerades, but also cosmetics, solarization (toothpaste, shampoo, etc.), generic medicines, appliances, health foods, etc.
The picture shows a steady increase in the number and geographical coverage of 20 pictures of the scenery.
At the end of 2020, there were more than 260 such places, with a high level of consumption.
Figure 22 shows the number of houses of experience, one of which is an increase in urban coverage. There are currently nearly 200 study houses, two of which are museums.
The building of the Pavilion has developed deep, and the provinces of Qinghai and Gansu have made a “zero” breakthrough in the empty market.
Field increment. Traditional channels, from zero to one, are often the hardest, and the experience halls shorten the process from nothing to nothing, especially in areas where they are not well known.
Second, the stock and growth of the fans' economy. This is why they can travel for hundreds of years, in addition to their remarkable therapeutic effects, and more importantly, their slogans. The experience hall gives clients the most direct access, and, after experiencing its efficacy and quality of service, people's habits become entrenched and become fans. And as the fans' groups do not get along, they become fans.
As it expands, the Hall of Experience will be transformed into a conglomerate, adding an increment to the stock base, thus pulling the single library sales out of the country. The National Pharmacy will spur overseas growth.
South Asia and beyond. With the opening of the sea Silk Road, the Xiaojun has gained a reputation for being highly suited to the tropical climate, and on new land. To date, the Xiaoyu has been exporting more than 30 countries and territories, with a high degree of visibility and reputation in the Chinese diaspora.
The point covers countries such as Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Canada, Singapore, the United States, and Hong Kong, China, but the share of foreign sales has been reduced as a result of the growth in domestic revenue from the company, both within and outside the country. As a result of the growth in sales in the company’s territory, it was inspired by the experience centre model, on March 28, 2018.
Hong Kong, as an “outpost” for overseas development, has the advantage of integrating Western and Central cultures, and is important for the expansion and branding of overseas markets. In particular, the establishment of a “outdoor” medicine centre, both an economic entity and a cultural vehicle, is responsible for business development and dissemination.