Recommended (first coverage) Lead in high-purity multi-crystal silicon products, cost-+ quality-building core competition - first coverage report for large-scale energy (688303.sh)
The world’s leading silicon core supplier has been performing well. The company’s main business is research and development, manufacturing and marketing of high-purity multi-crystal silicon. As of 2022 h1, the company’s high-purity multi-crystal silicon could reach 105,000 tons, with a city share of about 18.3%, and is in the first industry echelon.
The same ratio +340.81%. Corporate profitability remains high, global demand for the sale of Maori PVs by company h1 grew rapidly in 2022, and supply and demand of silicons are on the rise. On the demand side: Further policy and economic upscaling drives demand for new PVs, located on the industrial chain.
The silicon silicon silicon chain benefits from synchronization. The silicon expansion cycle is longer than the other silicon, and the price of silicon has been overheating since 2021 than the light voltage machine. According to the estimates, the market space for the silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon from 2022 will be 946.4 million tons, compared to 95.78%. Supply side: we predict.
Global multi-crystal silicon production in 2022 was about 919 million tons, supply and demand for silicons were tightly balanced throughout the year, and the intensive release of a large number of productive capacity in 2023 was expected to improve supply and demand patterns. The domestic multi-crysil silicon industry accounted for up to 77% in 2021, with a further upward trend in the future.
(i) Capability: The first phase of the project is expected to be completed in 2023 q2, when the company ' s total multi-crystal silicon capacity will reach more than 205,000 tons, while the company ' s horizontal layout is semiconductor-grade polycrysilica + longitudinal silicon.
Multiple layouts are expected to further enhance profitability; 2) Clients: companies have a sufficient list of hands and have laid the foundation for colour performance; 3) Cost: Companies create core drops through autonomous R & D + introduction upgrades.
Technical barriers to the release of a new generation of lf560k storage energy batteries at the latitudes, with overall production costs leading up to the industry average; and 4) Quality: the company ' s multi-crystal silicon product quality has reached the level 1 electronic national standard and is now the first to achieve bulk supply of N silicon.
Insight Main Industrial Chain Series III - Photovoltaic Silicon: The Black Gold of the Photovoltaic Industrial Chain, the Two Carbon Age Silicon Silicon King, taking into account the company's leading capacity in the silicon industry, lower production costs, excellence.
The product quality of the show is the vanguard, and we give companies 2022/23/24 ps predictions of higher than expected price fluctuations in upstream raw materials; industry capacity supply releases higher than expected; photo-voltaic associated 1. The world's leading silicon core suppliers have continued to perform well.
1.1. The global silicon industry is the leader of the multi-crystal silicon business for more than a decade, leading the multi-crysilica industry for more than a decade.
The company's main product is high-pure polysilica up the chain of photovoltaic industries, with a total production of about 365,000 tons of polysilica in the country as of the year. The company's corresponding production of polysilica was 66.7 million tons, with 18.3 per cent of the city's share.
The company’s main product, polysilica, is located upstream in the main photovoltaic industry chain.
Focused on high-purity multi-crystal silicon operations, the single-crystal silicon silicon material business in 2021 accounted for 99.33% of the total. The company is currently the only one specializing in multi-crysil silicon development, production and marketing, with a multi-crystal silicon business as high as 99.61% in 2021.
The crystal silicon product is divided into multi-crystal silicon and single-crysil silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon suction silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon) silibbbbs to silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon siliconc silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon sy sy sy silicon silicon sy) silicon sygen sy sy sy sygen sygen silicon silicon sy sygen sygen sygen sl sl sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy sy
The production of silicon silicon material has been shifting. The share of the company ' s monosilicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon from 16.82% in 2017 to 99.33% in 2021.
The company owned 71.6% of the company’s shares directly. The company’s founder, Seo Guangfu, held the position of Chairman of the company, its son, Seo Guangfu, and his father, Seo Guangfu, together, held 24.37% of the company’s shares and were the company’s co-director.
Xu has held the position of Chairman/Director of the whole new energy source since November 2007 and has actually participated in and decided to run, invest in decision-making, and has a wealth of experience in the management of the photovoltaic industry, which provides a solid basis for the company ' s long-term sound development.
Stock incentives boost team morale and show firm confidence in long-term development. In August 2022, the company released a restrictive equity incentive scheme for 2022, to be awarded to no more than 787 people, including company directors (including subsidiaries), senior managers, and others whom the board of directors believes should be incentivized.
Twenty-six hundred thousand restricted shares, representing 1.11% of the total stock stock of the company on the date of the announcement of the draft incentive plan. The stock incentive scheme, taking into account the current business situation and the future development plan of the company, is expected to further enhance the motivation and efficiency of the workforce and stimulate the successful implementation of the scheme.
The period will effectively enhance core team cohesion and contribute to the long-term healthy growth of companies. 1.3. Entering into a period of high performance growth, profitability will be maintained, net profits from corporate collections and repatriations will continue to grow, and multiple crystalline silicon will grow robustly.
Corporate revenue grew rapidly, at 48.94 per cent; the net profit of the parent for the same period was 70.90 per cent. Thanks to the increase in the volume of multi-crystal silicon products, the company produced 866 million tons of multi-crystal silicon in 2021, exceeding the projected production of 8.30-8.5 million tons, an increase of 12.03 per cent over the previous year, accounting for the national production of multi-crysilium silicon.
Billion dollars, +340.81% of the year. In 2022, helium helium was the main source of income demand, and the multi-crystal silicon industry remained high. The company’s profitability remained high, and the cost rate continued to decline over the period.
Mainly due to a blow-out growth in the photovoltaic industry’s demand for upstream raw materials, the market’s imbalance in supply and demand for polycrystal silicon led to a significant increase in corporate Maori. In 2017-2021, corporate cost control was good, and the rapid growth in Division operating income reduced the share of expenditures in total operating income.
Māori sales by companies were 70.47 per cent, compared to +9.55 ptt; net sales interest rates were 58.29 per cent, leading the industry by comparison, with H1 assets and liabilities falling to 17.11 per cent in 2022, with excellent performance and continuous upswing; 3) increased prices for industrial silicon at the end of 2021, an increase in stock purchases and lower tourist arrivals
The impact of low household demand and other factors has been a low turnover rate for companies, with a rapid increase in net operating cash flows in 2022 for company h1 stocks. In 2017-2021, the net operating cash flow generated by companies was 2,644 million yuan, compared to +535,557 per cent, and the net operating cash flow was improved, mainly in high industry.
In 2022, h1, net cash flows from corporate business activities amounted to $6,823 million, compared to $1,585 million in the same period last year, a dramatic increase of 330.47 per cent.
2.1. Carbon neutrality and + economic drivers the need for additional light voltage, global loading capacity, accelerated global carbon neutrality and processes, and cleaner energy sources are expected to increase in the future. In 2015, the United Nations Climate Change Conference adopted the Paris Agreement, which proposes that the global response to the threat of climate change will be strengthened
Yes, keeping the global average temperature higher than pre-industrial levels within 2°C, and trying to keep the temperature higher within 1.5°C. The signing of the Paris Accord has accelerated the process of global carbon neutrality, and several economies around the globe have committed themselves to achieving carbon neutrality and targets by 2050.
The 23rd Party to the Agreement is also an active implementer of the Paris Agreement. At the United Nations Climate Summit, China’s leaders announced that by 2030, China’s per capita CO2 emissions would have fallen by more than 65% compared to 2005, and that non-fossil energy as a share of primary energy consumption would have been reached.
On a global scale, based on the International Renewable Energy Organization (IRENA) publication Renewable Energy 2021, the generation of electricity is growing.
Cost Report, Global Photovoltaic Altitude Electricity Cost (lcoe) dropped from 0.417/kWh in 2010 to 0.048/kWh in 2021 by 88.49%, with declining costs and a significant increase in economics.
Wind power, with 60.11%/67.65% reduction in electricity costs in 2010-2021, shows a significant difference over photovoltaics. According to irena, global photovoltaic lcoe will fall to 0.04 yuan/kWh in 2022, which will be lower than coal-fired electricity generation costs.
The cost of electricity (lcoe) fell from US$ 0.305/kWh in 2010 to US$0.034/kWh in 2021, a decrease of 88.85 per cent, and the cost of China's photovoltaic electricity was below global levels, and the value of China's leading global photovolvers continued to rise, with the capacity of the new global photovoltaics in 2022.
To reach 205-250gw. Globally, based on irena data, the cost of adding photovoltaic power to the global carbon neutral and accelerated environment continues to be explored, economics are rising, global photovoltaics are rising from 17.46gw in 2010 to 132.81gw in 2021, cagr in 2021.
To 20.26%. According to cpia, the global light-voltage installed capacity is expected to reach 205-250gw in 2022. On a Chinese scale, China ' s light-voltage installed aircraft has increased from 0.61gw in 2010 to 54.88gw in 2021, cagr reaching 50.54%.
In 2021, China accounted for about 41.32% of the world’s new loads, and was one of the main drivers of the global light-voltage. In the context of the continued improvement of the two-carbon policy system, the build-up of base projects and the active advancement of county-wide policies is expected to increase during the 14th Five-Year Plan.
China is projected to have a capacity of 85-100gw in 2022. Figure 18. 2010-2021: Global capacity of new photovoltaics. Figure 19. 2010-2021: China ' s capacity for new photovoltaics
Global additional photovoltage load (gw) — same ratio (right axis) 2.2. Silicon has a phased mix of supply and demand over downstream links, and the direct downstream link to silicon currently entering silicon is silicon silicon, with large scale-up of silicon leading to an increase in demand for silicon.
The most closely tied to the silicon chain in the light-voltage industrial chain is its direct downstream silicon end, which in recent years, as silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon slates accelerate to replace multi-crystal silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
The domestic production of silicon was 407gw, an increase of 69.67%, up from 40.31% in 2017-2021. The large-scale commissioning of silicon production further increased the demand for silicon, and the silicon enterprises began to sign long sheets of silicon purchases to secure the supply of raw materials, based on company announcements (no).
In 2022, downstream companies locked in 74.3 million tons of silicon, which, compared to the Chinese silicon production of 81 million tons in 2022, is 92 per cent of the annual output of silicon, and the profile of silicon is evidence of the high silicon industry.
Figure 20.2017 - 2022h1 domestic production of silicon silicon, with a global market space of 910,000 tons in 2022 and 1,1648 million tons in 2023.
With a conservative global photovoltage capacity of 205/220gw in 2022/2023, and a global photovoltage capacity of 2,50/275gw, respectively, we believe that the demand for photovoltaics is expected to exceed cpia's optimistic expectations, based on the current high profile of the global photovoltage industry.
Global light voltage capacity is expected to reach 260/345gw in 2022/2023; 2) silicon support per ton: according to Silicon branch data, 910,000 tons of silicon corresponds to 250gw light-voltage machines, which can be derived to support 2.75gw units per ton of silicon.
The global photovoltaic silicon market space will amount to 946.4 million tons, corresponding to +95.78 per cent; the global photovolatile silicon expansion cycle in 2023 will be longer than the rest, and there will be a mismatch between the light voltage requirements.
Higher than silicon material production, which may result in a lack of silicon staged supply at some stages. On the other hand, silicon production requires high start-up rates, so that quarterly output is at a more stable level, while the demand for light voltage is low and seasonally volatile, so there is a need for silicon supply and light voltage.
We divide silicon price trends into four (1) overheating periods, depending on industry characteristics and historical price retrenchment: the increase in the demand for installed aircraft has led to accelerated downstream expansion, but the silicon industry has a longer period of expansion, when there is a clear phased mismatch between the supply of silicon and the demand for downstream links;
2) The silicon production capacity is released slowly, and in the event of an accident, such as a build-up and overhaul, the supply of the silicon material is further aggravated by the high price of the silicon material, the downlink rate of the downstream firms is reduced by the high prices of the silicon, and the silicon and downstream firms enter into price games;
3) During the recession: Silicon prices will decline rapidly to lower levels if the demand for new loads is constrained by policy factors, as the production of pre-silicon expansion is released in large quantities and silicon supply and demand is in a balanced or overstretched state;
4. Recovery period: After a period of recession, with heavy investment and continuous production in the silicon sector, some of the firms that are lagging behind were able to clear up quickly and the silicon sector as a whole was reduced, again with the clock of the cycle of price change in the silicon sector below.
Figure 23. Extension cycles (month) of the main photovoltaic industrial chain, with silicon entering the price overheating cycle in 2021, became the largest profit-allower in the industrial chain. In 2021, silicon prices continued to rise as a result of large expansions of silicon and battery fragments, resulting in an oversupply of silicon.
According to the pvinfolink data, the average price of the various links at the beginning of 2021 (the average price of silicon/cells/assemblies is represented by 182 mm-sized products) and the increase in the price of silicon/cells/assemblies between January 2021 and October 2022 is largely related to the increase in the price of silicon, but the price increase is small.
In silicon, with a significant downward trend (silicon > silicon > battery > component), silicon is distributed to most of the profits in the industrial chain. Silicon production-capacitor ratio is expected to increase by more than 25%, but, as of 19 October 2022, multi-crystal silicon
We believe that the price of silicon is still high at $303,000 per ton. The main reason for this is that (1) the size of the long list of down-line enterprises is huge, that there is still a problem of "cragging" at the bottom of the 2nd and 3rd line, and that the mood in the market has not subsided.
This phenomenon provides a strong support for the high prices of silicon materials; (2) In recent times, China’s major provinces in the north-west are experiencing new outbreak shocks and control effects, adding to the rapid decline in the north’s temperature and the advance of snow and snow weather, with varying degrees of impact on logistics transport and efficiency of movement along the upstream chain.
In 2022, supply and demand for silicon materials were in a tight balance, and the supply and demand patterns were expected to improve after the release of the concentration of capacity in 2023. As low-cost domestic multi-crysilica production became available on a large scale, overseas multi-crystal silicon enterprises with higher production costs gradually ceased to expand. According to our incomplete statistics, it was produced in nominal terms.
In 2022, the nominal capacity of domestic silicon material will reach 12.24 million tons, and the global nominal capacity of silicon material will reach 13.13 million tons; in terms of effective capacity, the effective capacity of domestic silicon material will be 814,000 tons, or approximately 64.40 per cent of its nominal capacity, and the global capacity of silicon material will be 9.23 million tons, or approximately.
Global nominal capacity is 67.23%. According to the Silicon Industry Branch, the domestic production of polycrystal silicon in 2022 was estimated at 810,000 tons, and in view of the 109,000 tons of overseas production, the global total of 919 million tons is at the same level as the 923 million tons of effective capacity, with silicon companies remaining fully operational in 2022.
The global production of 919 million tons of silicon material in 2022 corresponds to approximately 252.47gw installed, compared to the projected total supply-demand balance of 260gw of conservative new loaders throughout the year, so we judge that the downside space for the price of 2022q4 silicon is limited, that the supply of silicon is declining and that the price is likely to cool.
2.3. The market is concentrated on China’s top firms, and the share of domestic cr6 production is increasing year by year over year over the world’s high multi-crystal silicon capacity, gradually concentrating on domestic firms in 2018-2021.
Global multi-crystal silicon production grew from 446,000 tons to 642,000 tons a year, with a capr of 12.91%, the fastest growing rate of 23.20% in 2021. During the same period, global multi-crystal silicon production gradually gathered domestically, with the number of Chinese enterprises in the top 10 firms with global multi-crystal silicon capacity as high as 8 in 2021 and domestic silicon.
The large-scale market share of enterprises is largely attributable to: 1) significant advantages in raw materials, electricity and labour costs for domestic multi-crystal silicon enterprises, which are expected to continue to fall in the future as the production costs of technological advances progress; 2) increasing the quality of domestic multi-crystal silicon products, with individual advanced enterprises demanding higher levels of purity.
Sub-level multi-crystal silicon production technology has made a breakthrough, gradually leading to the replacement of national electronic-grade multi-crystal silicon for imports; (3) the rapid expansion of the domestic downstream silicon manufacturing chain has generated a large demand for multi-crysilica, which has grown rapidly in recent years, the domestic multi-crystal silicon self-sufficiency rate has gradually increased, and the cities of overseas multi-crysilica enterprises have become more numerous.
In terms of capacity, there is an overall upward trend in domestic capacity, which reached 6.23 million tons in 2021, an increase of 36.32 per cent.
In 2021, the country produced 506,000 tons of polycrystal silicon, an increase of 78.82%. Moreover, the capacity utilization rate of domestic polycrysil silicon enterprises has increased continuously since 2018, with the multicrysil silicon sector accounting for 77% of the total, with low-priced subsectors being the preferred.
By 2021, Tungwei had the largest share of the market, 15% of the total energy source/new energy source, which together accounted for 77% of the market share. Polycrystal silicon production was a high-capital, high-technology barrier industry, with project construction and production cycles usually lasting two years or more, and new manufacturers had difficulty entering the industry.
Industry giants continue to expand their production capacity, depending on their technology, size, etc. Monopolies will continue to rise. Sub-provincially, in 2021, domestic multi-crystal silicon production was concentrated in low-cost areas, such as Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, and Sichuan, where 2704 million tons were produced, accounting for more than half of the country’s total production.
Figure 33.2021 Production ratio of enterprises with polycrystal silicon in the country Figure 34.2021 Production ratio in the multicrystal silicon sub-areas of the country 3. Sustained expansion of production capacity and cost advantages, with release of material of type n
3.1. Full-scale expansion of vertical production capacity, sufficient performance security in the long list of hands, robust expansion of production capacity, horizontal + vertical diversification to increase profitability. By the end of 2021, the RMB had built 300,000 tonnes/year of high-pure industrial silicon projects in the city.
The project is divided into two phases, with the first phase of the project being 100,000 tonnes/year of the project and the other 1,000 tonnes/year of the project being constructed in 2022q1 and expected to be completed in q2 in 2023; and the second phase of the project being 150,000 tonnes/year of the project.
The annual industrial silicon project is expected to be completed in 2023 q3; phase II will be driven by market demand. In the case of photovoltaic crystalline silicon, 95.24% of the company’s multi-crysilica capacity will rise to 205,000 tonnes/year after phase one is completed, product delivery capacity is strongly secured, and the company’s market share is expected.
Further improvements; in the industrial silicon sector, companies are actively upscaled to industrial silicon products, which are expected to smooth the upstream effects of price fluctuations in raw materials on company costs, and in the case of 150,000 tonnes/year of industrial silicon projects, which will meet 69 per cent of the demand for self-employment, the company ' s profitability will be further enhanced; in the case of semiconductor multi-crysilium, electricity.
Sublevel multi-crystal silicon is more demanding for purity than solar-grade multi-crystal silicon, reaching 9n-11n. With years of experience in producing high-purity multi-crysil silicon, the company is expected to break the monopoly of beauty, Germany and Japan, push forward the process of national production of semiconductor multi-crystal silicon and build a second growth in corporate performance.
Curves; in aggregate, the horizontal + vertical industrial layout of companies is expected to enhance the combined competitive advantage and profitability of a three-wheel drive to develop photovoltaic silicon, organic silicon, and semiconductor silicon.
Procuring 15.53/4.62/43.2020 million corporate multi-crystal silicon products in 2022-2027/2023-2023-2028, respectively, at the current multi-crystal silicon prices, is expected to amount to 142.60 per cent and 113.05 per cent, respectively, contributing to a competitive advantage resulting from increased competition in the silicon chain in the future.
The performance of the Division is fully assured. 3.2. Build core down-scaling technical barriers, leading the industry to a full-scale average of production costs. Optimization of processes significantly reduces production costs and production energy consumption indicators leads the industry to an average level.
By optimizing technical standards, changing procurement models, reducing purchasing performance in close proximity plants, nationalizing, etc., and reducing production costs through process optimization, companies will be able to take a significant lead on average in the production costs of the industry.
The company ' s combined power consumption in multi-crystal silicon production, reduced power consumption, cold-hydrogen power consumption, silicon monotonic consumption, combined vapour consumption, combined water consumption, etc., are well ahead of the industry average of 2021, as measured by cpia, where vapour and water consumption levels are well below the industry average of 2030.
The company’s current production capacity is concentrated in low-priced areas, such as Xinjiang Shijiang, Inner Cover, for lower electricity consumption Autonomous R & D + Introduction of Core Precipitation Technology Barriers. Many of the company’s core production technologies have been effective in reducing production costs, including: Autonomous R & D technologies: 1) The company’s autonomous R & D crystals
The residual thermal recovery technology for silicon production units achieved the full recovery of the heat from the reduction system, effectively reducing the vapour and electricity consumption and significantly saving production costs; and 2) the company-owned multi-crystal silicon production waste. The gas depth recovery technology increased the recovery rate of hydrogen/chlorosilanede in the tail gas to 95 per cent and 99.5 per cent, respectively.
Up; 3) Automated packaging technology for multi-crystal silicon products, developed by the company itself, improved labour efficiency and effectively saved human costs, introduced upgrades or co-research and development technologies: 1) Integrated use of tetrachlorinated silicon was introduced and technologically upgraded by the Department to achieve the total of tetrachlorinated silicon
The recycling has been accompanied by an effective increase in a conversion rate of tetrachlorinated silicon and a reduction in electricity consumption; 2) companies have introduced and upgraded distilled coupling technology, which has saved about 50 per cent of the steam more efficiently than conventional distillation; 3) silicon recycling techniques developed by the company and the company together have resulted in multi-crystal silicon production
Greening of production processes and closed ring use of silicon resources; 4) The company introduced high-boiling recovery and transformation technologies and upgraded them to effectively reduce discharge loads and environmental stress by achieving the same level of full recovery of the chlorsilane composition and material cost savings.
3.3. The quality of the product meets the national standards of Level 1 electronics, leading to high-quality multi-crystal silicon demand during the N-type silicon batch, and promising prospects for improving the Siemens method. In 2021, the market for the perc battery was 91.2 per cent, with a relatively high cost of the n battery and a low volume of output.
The market is now about 3%. The average conversion efficiency for type n topcon batteries was 24.0% in 2021, and the average conversion efficiency for hjt batteries was 24.2%, which is much higher than in 2019. In the future, with lower production costs and better rates, type n batteries will become the main hair-volt technology.
N-silicon is more demanding for the purity of silicon, and as downstream batteries and silicon products move into the n-type age, the requirements for multi-crystal silicon quality are gradually moving from solar-grade to electronic-level multi-crystal silicon.
Technologies such as trichlorohydrosilicone phosphorus technology, multi-crystal silicon reduction furnace parameter formulations and control techniques, and reductive furnace start-up techniques have effectively enhanced the quality of multi-crysilica products, meeting the need for higher purity of the n silicon material from downstream enterprises.
The company ' s multi-crystal silicon product indicators are leading industry standards, reaching the e-silicon level 1 (gb/t1296-2014) national standard, well above the national standard for solar-scale polysilicon (gb/t25074-2017).
The bulk supply of the current n silicon material has been approved by several customers downstream. Chart 40. Many of the company’s core technologies have effectively enhanced product quality. 1) Multi-crystal silicon operations: the multi-crysil silicon industry is more cyclical.
The downside space for the price of 2022q4 silicon is limited, the supply and demand of silicon polycone will be in a tight balance in 2022, the company’s revenues are expected to continue to grow rapidly, and the Māori rate is expected to remain high. After 2023, the price of silicone will fall as the industry becomes more productive.
The growth in revenue and the level of the Māori rate of the business will also slow down, and we predict the company ' s multi-crystal silicon business 2) by-product sales: the company ' s by-products are mainly a small proportion of the powder carbon head, liquid base, etc. generated in the production of multi-crystal silicon, which accounts for the company ' s gross operating income.
In combination with the company’s multi-crystal silicon product sales, I am $1 billion, while the business’s Māori ratio is expected to remain at 90% in 2021. Given the company’s leading capacity in the silicon industry, lower production costs, excellence
The product quality is at the forefront, and we give company forecasts for 2022/23/24, one for each of them: price fluctuations in upstream raw materials are more than expected. The industrial silicone, electricity-generation ratio in multi-crysilica costs is up to 70%, and the industrial silicon prices and electricity prices are likely to fluctuate significantly.
Silicon costs rise, affecting the profitability of silicon companies. Second, industry capacity is being released in excess of expectations. q4 in 2022 is about to turn into a concentration of large amounts of silicon production capacity, if silicon capacity is released beyond expectations, or will result in excess supply of silicon in 2023.
Long-sale transaction prices are loose, silicon prices are either going down the cycle, thus affecting silicon firms' profits.
Changes in industrial policies, subsidies or support policies may result in a significant increase in the number of photovoltaics that are not as long as expected, which in turn affects the demand for silicon.