Performance meets expectations, integration poles are firmly positioned Events: the company published its semi-annual report in 2022, generating business income of $50,417 million, increasing on a year-on-year basis The silicon silicon is produced, profitable, and productive expansion is expected.
Silicon silicon came out of a volume of 39.62gw, of which 20.15gw was sold to the outside, self-employed by 19.47gw, and we measured the company's first six months of silicon silicon silicon at about 1.2 gross. Against a background of persistently high prices of raw materials upstream in the first half of the year, the company adjusted the rate of start-up and expansion to the original production.
The line has been upgraded and intelligently modified for electricity, and has been suspended for hundreds of millions of dollars from all over Yunnan to build a 46gw silicon stick and silicon film project in Ordos, to speed up the expansion of capacity, to build up the silicon tap.
The ratio of large-sized components to large-scale components has increased, and many new battery technologies have continued to break through.
At the same time, the company continued to promote the upgrading of the global production base ' s 182 component products, clearing small-scale production line assets, and loss of $472 million in fixed asset impairments in the first half of the year. In addition, in the first half of the year, the Department invested $3.670 billion in research and development, accounting for 7.28 per cent of operating income, in n/p-type Topcon, n/p
Technologies such as type hjt continue to increase their R & D inputs, creatively develop hpbc structural batteries, and create many new technology conversion efficiency world records. \triangleright
Risk factors: less photovoltaic demand, higher expectations of price fluctuations in the industrial chain, changes in the macro-environment, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the new energy vehicle industry, and the voucher Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the photovoltaic sector.
Hu Ying, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People ' s University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, formerly Research Assistant for the Sports and Mechanical Engineering Team, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind power equipment industry.
Incorporated into the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the new electricity system and electrical equipment industry. Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 and was responsible for research in the lithium electric materials industry. Sun-yun, a team member, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.