The expansion of production capacity has been steadily advancing, with new technologies growing at 65.36%; net return to the mother at $3.817 billion, an increase of 53.23% over the year; net gain to the non-mother at $3.758 billion, silicon silicon and component double-dips, with a steady spread of production. The company relies on forward-looking strategic planning and efficient implementation.
Capability, global silicon and component double-dips, with market share stable at industry level. 2022h1, the Department achieved a 3.28% increase in single crystal silicon, 20.15gw for external sales and 19.47gw for self-service, and 18.02gw for single crystal components, 5.94% for external sales.
Sales 17.70gw, self-service 0.32gw. Corporate silicon silicon, group product sales continue to be released in a tight upstream supply situation, consolidating industry excellence.
As of 30 June 2022, the company acquired cumulatively 1,808 patents, invested $3.670 billion in 22h1, representing 7.28 per cent of operating income, and made a breakthrough in battery efficiency on three different technology routes, creating a new world record.
P-hjt battery efficiency (25.47%), no-hjt battery efficiency (25.40%) and hjt battery efficiency (26.50%) are among the top in the world.
The 46gw Single Crystal Silicon Stick and Slicing Project, the 15gw high-efficiency single crystal battery project for the Xanax leaf year and the 4gw single crystal battery project for the Xanax year for the Xanax year, while the company's latest announcement is that it is expected to invest 2.5 billion dollars to boost the annual production of the lake.
The 10gw monochrystal component project will further expand the production capacity of high-efficiency monocrystal components, upgrade the size of the company and “Industrial Monthly Bulletin-Industrial Chain Price Uplifting, Managing Structural Opportunities” investment proposal: first coverage, with an increased rating.
High-scale innovation, companies benefiting from high downstream demand and expansion of productive capacity, and a steady increase in profitability.
The Division has a high allocation value as a leading and cost-effective photovoltaic integration locomotive for new energy development.
The securities investment advisory business is the activity in which the institution and its consultants acquire the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority to provide securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, prediction or advice on portfolio investment and to charge services directly or indirectly.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks independence, objectivity and objectivity.