A significant improvement in cash flow, pending the arrival of new battery technology, Lonki Green Energy (601012), semi-annual performance rating 2022, event: company issued a semi-annual performance announcement for 2022. Company achieved total operating income in the first half of 2022
The company's 2022q2 performance is impressive, and the cash flow of the company has increased significantly. 2022q2, the company's total revenue realization research assistant: Sujibing billion yuan, an increase of 53.23 per cent in the same year, and the ring, an increase of 43.28 per cent in the first half of the year.
The company ' s Māori rate has declined, but the company ' s participation in silicon businesses has contributed $1.536 billion in profits from investment in the consortium and the joint venture. In addition, in the first half of the year, there was an increase in the company ' s pre-receipt payments, a greater settlement of payable notes, and a marked improvement in sales returns, with net operating cash flows increasing by 116,243 per cent over the same period.
There has been a significant shift in R & D inputs and a steady increase in core competitiveness. In the first half of the year, firms have continued to increase their R & D efforts, and the shift has been evident in the significant increase in patent numbers, with companies gaining cumulatively 1808 patents of various authorized types as of the end of June, an increase of 51 per cent over the same period last year.
During the year, the company's Hjt battery conversion efficiency continued to update the world record, while the company creatively launched new high-efficiency Hpbc batteries, and with the launch of the 4gw and 15gw Western Salt projects, the company's nuclear competitiveness will continue to improve and profitability will be further safeguarded.
In the first half of 2022, the company achieved a single crystal silicon export volume of 39.62gw, of which 20.15gw was sold out and self-used 19.47gw; and a single crystal component exit volume of 18.02gw, of which 17.70gw (including the bipv component) was sold out.
87.35mw, self-service 0.32gw. Business expansion in the United States market has been affected by wro, anti-circumvention investigations and uflpa in the first half of the year, but companies have also increased the layout of the European market, and overseas operations have been relatively stable overall. The company plans to invest $10.75 billion in the construction of Eldos in the first half of the year.
The project to produce 46gw single crystal silicon sticks and silicon tablets: a proposed investment of 2.5 billion yuan in the construction of 10gw single crystal components per year of lagoons, which will be further enhanced in the future as the project becomes operational, will enhance the capacity of the company ' s silicon silicon and components, enhance its advantages in size, continuously optimize its productive structure and consolidate its profitability.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.