The component silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
39.62gw, +3.31%, of which 20.15gw was sold to the outside, using its own 19.47gw; in fact, q2 silicon pieces showed a 39% ring increase; component shipments reached 11.35gw, a 79% ring increase. Even when wro, counter-circumvention investigations and uflpa affected the company’s orders and the U.S. market.
Expanding, but the company's ability to respond to the risks is reflected in its ability to adapt its business strategy in a timely manner by shifting the focus of its sales to other important markets such as Europe.
On the component side, the HDR 10gw \triangleright Single Crystal Component project is expected to start production in the first quarter of 2023, and the HDR 10gw Single Crystal Component is expected to start production in the first quarter of 2023.
Guo Yingzheng is expected to start production in the second half of 2023.
The 15gw single crystal-efficient single-crystal battery project and the 4gw single-crystal battery project produced in Leaf, Texas, are expected to start production in the second half of this year. As the project continues, production capacity expands rapidly, and company integration increases to Lungi shares (601012.sh) in 2021 and 22 years.
A quarterly review: 21-year high harvest of the component tap, see \triangleright New technologies bring high elasticity - 2022/04/28
The company is expected to use the new battery assembly technology and creatively develop Hpbc structural batteries, the technology of hpbc, a p ibc route that is highly feasible and has a higher potential for precipitation, through which the company is expected to achieve a 26.50 per cent PV conversion efficiency on m6 single-size silicon tablets in June 2022.
The world record on the efficiency of new hjt batteries highlights the firm’s strong R & D power. Leading, it is hoped, will benefit from the continued high profile of the photovoltaic industry, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.