Lungi Green Energy (601012.sh) Shen Kaji's performance is growing steadily, the product of the n-components is ready to be “buy-in”
As downstream demand increases and corporate capacity continues to expand, the volume of corporate silicon chips and components is expected to increase. As upstream silicon capacity is released, corporate profitability is expected to improve. We anticipate a steady increase in corporate performance and a substantial increase in product volumes: companies publish reports in the first half of 2022, making the camp a reality.
50.42 billion yuan, yoy + 43.6 per cent, net return to the mother, $6.48 billion, yoy + 29.8 per cent (discounted). On a quarterly basis, company q2 received $31.8 billion, yoy + 65.4 per cent, net profits.
The supply chain is tight, and the prices of company products have risen. In the first half of 2022, companies sold silicon tablets and components to 20.15gw and 17.7gw, an increase of 7.4 per cent and 6.6 per cent, respectively, respectively, compared to the same year.
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate fell and the return on investment increased profit: net profits of the company increased less than the recovery rate, while institutional investors accounted for the share of the liquidity a, mainly because of the continued rise in the price of silicon, which fell by 5.1 percentage points in the same year in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, there was a marked improvement in the corporate cash flow, which rose by 11,62% to $10.7 billion, mainly because of the company's enhanced repayment management, higher advance payments, the readiness of the company's n-assembly product, and faster expansion of production capacity: new technologies, multiple paths for companies.
The Ministry is currently promoting the production of Hpbc-structured batteries, and the layout of Xian 15gw (which will be upgraded to 30gw) and 4gw in Taizhou is associated with high-efficiency battery production, and q4 is expected to start production next year.
The output of the components is expected to reach 20-25gw. The product is mainly used in distributed photovoltaic scenarios. In addition, the company has a new product plan for large terrestrial power station scenarios, which is expected to start in the second half of the year.
Planning for single crystal silicon, assembly and battery production will reach 150gw, 85gw and 60gw, respectively, with chinaresearchdept.