The Center for New Energy and Automobile Research.
At the same time, the company announced its intention to invest in 46gw + slices in Ordos and in 10gw monocrystal components in Lake Shore, both of which are expected to start production in the second half of 2023.
q2 component/silicone external sales have increased by a higher number of rings and the level of profit per unit has been maintained at a more desirable level: 17.7gw for the first half of the company, of which 11.4gw (qoq + 79%) for the q2 component, and silicon for the first half of the year.
39.6gw, q2 out of 21.3gw (qoq+16% increase in the supply ring ratio of basic matching industries silicon), after deducting self-use, q2 achieves 11.7gw (qoq+39%) out of silicon.
2. Impact of high-quality profitability under pressure, macro-micro leadership, rising prices and delayed transmission of product sales prices, interest rate q2 shows a small decline in corporate external sales components/silicon tiles, but singlew is expected to remain profitable given the increase in the asp ring ratio.
3. " Component leadership advantages expanded, and the long line of moats increased, maintaining a better level (measured net profit of q2 silicon tablets/components singlew of approximately $ 0.12.0.15/w, respectively) compared to sales of q1 due to international trade policy disturbances, logistics delays, etc.
Low, the company’s q2 components and silicon sales confirm that the size of the company has increased and that the unit’s profits have remained good, demonstrating the company’s resilience to changes in the market environment and its ability to adapt efficiently to business strategies.
In the first half of the year, the company invested $3.67 billion in R & D, which accounts for a high proportion of income, with long-term, high-intensity R & D inputs enabling the company to complete a solid technological reserve and accumulation of results in a wide range of high-impact battery technologies, such as n/p-topcon, hjt.
Hpbc structural batteries, where we expect the company's combined capacity of 30gw or more in the Western and Thai regions planned for this innovative technology product to be operational this year and fully q4 by the first half of next year, with a 20-25gw delivery expected in 2023, enabling the company to achieve market share and cluster of distributed power plants.
A significant increase in the combined profitability of business operations. Actively adjusting the terms of business contracts to drive the impressive performance of operating cash flows: companies in the first half of the year through sales (8621) 61357595
Positive adjustments and strict enforcement of the commercial terms of orders, such as contract closing hours, long-term order advance payments, and an increase in the q2 single-season operating net cash flow to $11 billion, almost close to last year ' s full-year level, and driven by the surge
A 23% to 43.6 billion yuan increase over the end of q1 was recorded at the end of the q2 account, the quality of profits was significantly improved, and sufficient money ammunition was set aside for the company’s rapid release of new technology capabilities.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment