The silicon component is in a solid position, waiting for new technology batteries to be released Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) $6,481 million, an increase of 29.79 per cent.
During the reporting period, the company single crystal silicon silicon came out of 39.62gw, sold out 20.15gw, self-service 19.47gw: single crystal assembly volume 18.02gw.
The company q2 silicon chips and components are influenced by factors such as the price of raw materials, the firm’s price as compared to the depth of 300, and the delay in transmission of the price of the component contracts.
The average Māori ratio has fallen slightly: while the U.S. market has been under wro and counter-occupancy for hundreds of millions of dollars during the reporting period, the company has adjusted its business strategy in a timely manner, shifting the focus of its sales to other important markets, such as Europe, maintaining better competitiveness, and stabilizing its operations abroad.
Institutional improvements and an increase in advance payments, with a net operating cash flow of $10,698 million as at 30 June 2022, representing an increase of 116,243 per cent over the same period, reflect the company ' s excellent ability to operate.
With regard to silicon, the Oldos project is expected to start production in the second half of 2023 with 46gw single crystal rods and slices per year: with regard to batteries, the Western Salt leaf project with 15gw single crystal efficient single crystal battery per year and the Taizhou Leaf project with 4gw single crystal battery per year are expected to start production in the second half of this year: component side
The 10gw monocrystal component project and the 10gw monocrystal component project are expected to be operational next year. The company’s expansion of production capacity is carried out in an orderly manner, with the focus on profit-seeking and blindness in the process of strengthening integration.
During the reporting period, the company spent $3.670 billion on research and development. A variety of new battery array technologies have been developed and stored.
At a rate of 26.50%, the hjt battery efficiency world record has been updated; at the same time, companies have creatively developed hpbc structural batteries and are moving forward with new high-value and commercialized high-efficiency battery and assembly volume conversions, creating differentiated products, and building long-term competitive advantages next year.
The company ' s hpbc battery is expected to produce 20-25gw after delivery, and the new battery product will be more efficient and more profitable.
Based on the orderly expansion of the productive capacity of companies, new technologies are being put into operation, and we expect to return to the period 2022-2024. International trade frictions have intensified: new energy policies have fallen short of expectations: production has fallen short of expectations; competition has increased among the general public, popular China, and Thai electronics.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.