Lungi Green Energy (601012): Silicon taps benefit from rocky sand scarcity, new battery technology continues to move forward recommended (for the first time)
The company, which is mainly engaged in the development, production and sale of single crystal silicon sticks, silicon tablets, batteries and components, has grown to be the world's leading producer of single crystal silicon tablets and components.
At present, the sales and market share of corporate component products are at the top of the global list, leading by example in Asia and the Pacific, Europe, and Central and East Africa. 6.44gw, 6.35gw, external sales.
It is expected that this will be mainly due to a reduction in the company's exports of American components. We expect the company's port stock to decrease in the second quarter, with a higher rate of start-up in the second quarter, and the company's shortage of quartz sand to improve silicon patterns.
There is a steady increase in the demand for high-purified stone sand from the light voltage machine, but, at the supply end, the high-purity rock sand mineral resources applicable to the photovoltaic, semiconductor purity levels are limited, with limited production capacity, from the U.S., U.S.
Overseas companies such as Norway tqc dominate supply, add to the epidemiological factors, extend the shipping period, so we expect that next year the high-purity rock and sand industry will be on the rise, and the supply and demand of high-purity rock and sand will be strained and high.
Price space. The company, as the leader of silicone, has more reserves in the supply of quartz, and can lock in high-quality, stable supply of silica sands through a long-sheet agreement, creating barriers for new entrants to the silicon industry, and making silicon more profitable than the city.
The company recently updated its Hjt PV efficiency record to 26.5%, reflecting the company's leading research and development power. At the same time, the company took the lead in the layout of the new ibc-type electricity.
Ji, actively accelerating industrial applications and capacity-building for hpbc, 4gw single crystal battery project is expected to be in production in August 2022 in Taizhou, and 15gw high-efficiency single crystal battery project is expected to be in production in September 2022 in Western Aral leaf.
ibc technologies will further magnify the advantages of company p silicon, ibc technologies will bring product premiums while the cost is roughly equal to the existing production capacity, and it is expected to increase the company's profits by engaging in deep collaboration with the Sent shares, and bipv will open up incremental space.
In 2018, Lungi began to lay out the field of bipv, and in 2020 Lungi officially published "Bipv the High Top." In 2021, Lungi acquired 27.25% of Sent's shareholdings, which led to a wave of cooperation between photovoltaic and construction companies.
The shares announce the purchase of 100% of the shares of Lungi Green Oscillation Engineering Co. Ltd. So, the two companies' new construction photovoltaic integration projects in the area of metal containment are carried, executed and delivered by Sent. We expect that cooperation with Sent will help.
Companies are better able to operate and open up potential bitv markets. We're looking at the company’s fast-disbursing operations in the new energy sector, predicting that competition in the silicon industry increases the risks; the risk of large price increases for raw materials; new technologies.
▪ Introduction to the New Energy Group for Power Equipment, the Entreprise Strategy and six years of new energy research experience.
Zhang Xiang, Head of the Electrical Equipment Unit, Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Science, Shanghai University, 4-year securities industry studies, research directed towards new materials benefiting from the development of new energy sources.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.