Retail strategy continues to deepen The Postal Bank incident: On 29 March, the Postal Bank published its annual report for 2020.
The year 2020 saw a positive increase in net profits, which were higher than that of comparable counterparts. In the same year as in 2020, the PBS was positioned to serve “three farmers”, urban and rural residents and seasons (year-on-year +1.5%, + 13.5%, respectively).
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), committed to a smoother and faster growth of the most productive income in China ' s economic transition (+12.8 per cent for the whole year); and, at the same time, to provide services to the client group that provides for lifts and accelerates the drive towards data, with continued improvement in the quality of assets
Recapitulating the data, the net difference is 11 bp below the same ratio, but there is a shift in the sales bank. The bank has excellent asset quality and visibility.
The decline in interest-bearing assets has begun to narrow in the second half of the year. Of these, interest-bearing asset yields have fallen by 10 bp over the same year; the relatively stable growth potential of the cost of indebtedness is the China’s leading large retail business (a small decline of 2 bp), largely thanks to the solid deposit base of the Postal Bank, which accounts for the ratio of interest-bearing liabilities at the end of the year.
In terms of the asset structure, loans, especially the share of loans, rose further, with banks in late 2020. The share of debt-bearing assets in China’s economic and social development was raised by 1.35 pct to 49.5% on a year-on-year basis, with loans increasing by 1.6 pct to 49.5% on a year-on-year basis.
During the short period of opportunity, the Bank will deepen its new development philosophy, deepen its reform innovations and accelerate the "specialization, integration, asset quality and provision of security boosts." The negative rate at the end of 2020 was 0.88% and the ring was flat, significantly lower than it could be.
In this case, the poor rate of public loans was 0.95%, an increase of 6bp over the same period, mainly due to the continuous improvement in the economic performance of individual enterprises in the shipping sector and the investment in services.
Business deterioration; poor personal lending rate of 0.98%, a decrease of 2bp from the previous year, and good performance of personal consumption loans and business loan asset quality indicators. The negative net production rate was 1.42% in 2020, up from 6bp in the first half of the year.
Smart, sound and safe, innovation-driven, high-value, large retail commercial banks are now well prepared and risk offset capabilities are increasing.
Reliance on the retail banking strategy and the development of the wealth management system are continuing. Postal banks adhere to the retail banking strategy, which reached 622 million retail customers by the end of 2020, and retail customers aum to 11.25 trillion yuan (of which the savings deposit ratio was over 80% and the wealth management exploration space was large), an increase of more than 1 trillion dollars compared to the end of the previous year.
The exploration of high-value wealth clients in the region and the development of a wealth management system are expected to lead to a deep down of channels under the self-employment plus agency operating model of the Postal Bank; the customer base is solid and deposits are highly advantageous. The Postal Bank has entered into an agreement with the Postal Group to commission correspondent banking, based on the self-employment plus agency model, networks, guest groups, deposits.
Postal banks have a far greater number of sites than other state-owned companies, and they are deep-deep, deep-deep, and medium-sized. By the end of 2020, they have been approved to sell their bank plates directly, and will in the future give off proxy sites, enabling companies to tap into the potential of retail customers and increase the contribution of their customers.
In recent years, it has continued to optimize its asset structure, its credit structure, and its growth over other major State-owned businesses. In the future, as the asset structure is optimized and loaned, there is much room for growth.
At the same time, the Postal Bank is positioned as “three farmers”, urban and rural dwellers, small and medium-sized enterprises, with a relatively high share of personal loans, small loans, loan returns above average, price advantages, investment proposals: Retail banks have a strong retail character and are more growth-oriented. Low-cost advantage at the end of the debt + excellent retail business
This is expected to support a steady upturn in interest differentials in 2021 at a higher rate of growth than in comparable majors, with a higher potential for growth in middle-income operations; and a higher asset quality, with a larger margin for counter-recovering profits, which is expected to remain higher than the net profit growth of the industry.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 1: Postal Bank revenue in 2020, solid growth of pops: Net profit of 4q20 by 70.9 per cent per year
Figure 3: The performance of the Postal Bank in 2019, 2020, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Company Report Post Bank (601658): excellent asset quality, continuous deepening of retail strategy Schedule: Company Profit Forecast Table
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Postal Bank (601658): assets of excellent quality, retail strategy continues to deepen
The research assistant gives an overview of the research profile of the teacher himself.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.