The net profit of the Postal Bank in 2020 increased by 5.36% over the year, and the growth rate is expected to lead the big business.
Asset-end business development space; high ratio of end-of-debt deposits and liabilities in an up-of-market financial interest environment
In the first three quarters (+2.80%, yoy) of the year 2020, the reserve bank increased by 0.59 cent points to 3.39%, and the company increased the growth rate in the fourth quarter, except in relation to the low base for the same period last year.
It is also associated with a four-quarter expansion rate and a reduction in interest differential pressure. The size of the company’s assets in the four-quarter period slowed down with the four-quarter interest differential pressure, which is expected to outperform the industry average in 2021.
Taking into account the impact of the credit card instalments income adjustment, we assume that the credit card instalments in 2020 were equal to 2,462 million in 2019, that they were restored to the fee income, and that the difference in 2020 was a reflection that we thought the four-quarter interest differential would ease the pressure.
The ratio of high deposits was characterized by the expected increase in market interest rates in 2021, with the end-of-cycle liabilities continuing to be of excellent asset quality, with reserve coverage at the top of the estate, and the end-of-season non-performing loan rate remaining at a level of 0.88 per cent as compared with the end of the third quarter.
Firms are wrongly judged to be strict, with loans more than 90 days overdue at the end of the quarter being 63% more than non-performing loans. Given the positive impact on interest differentials of a better economy in 2021 and a better financial structure, we go to the Postal Bank: Set up rules to increase shareholder confidence and help.
The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets and regulatory and regulatory expectations.
In addition to being associated with the low base of last year's year, the growth rate of the company's growth rate increased by 0.59 percentage points to 3.39 per cent in the previous three quarters (+2.80 per cent, yoy) in the year 2020.
The company has nearly 40,000 business points (self-employed + agents), a network of entities covering urban and rural areas and a large number of retail customers, more than 600 million households, laying the foundation for a retail business growth space; and letters to the public-focused country ' s regional strategic layout and major livelihood projects.
The replenishment of gold will contribute to a steady expansion in the size of corporate assets and facilitate the growth of company operations in the medium and long term. In terms of revenue structure, the company’s revenue from fees as a percentage of revenue, although at a lower level, is optimally sustained, with net revenue from fees rising by 12.8% over the same period in 2020, mainly from agent insurance, resale funds, precious metals, etc.
Shorter pressure, with credit costs ranging from 26 bp to 0.94 per cent below 2019 in 2020, has slowed the firm ' s net profit year-on-year growth from the four-quarter interest differentials before the provision, with expected interest differentials in 2021 outperforming industry averages.
Line 2bp. In view of the change in quarterly trends, given the impact of the credit card instalments income adjustment, we assume that the credit card instalments in 2020 equalled 2,462 million in 2019 and reduced them to fee income, with an impact on the interest differential in 2020 of 2bp (i.e., reduced by four quarters, with a higher return on newly released assets than in the third quarter).
In terms of end-of-liability cost rates, the higher share of deposits in the corporate end-of-debt structure (97 per cent at the end of 2020) and the lower end-of-year ratio of end-of-life end-of-life cost ratios compared to the previous three quarters of 1 bp are expected to be largely influenced by the higher rate of deposit costs. However, trends suggest that corporate end-of-liability rates are slowing, and are expected to benefit from corporate control of long-term high-cost deposits.
The upward pressure on the end-of-the-life cost rate is expected to be better than the industry’s expected annual market interest rate. The asset quality continues to be excellent, and the provision coverage is the highest in the major bank. The PBS asset quality continues to be excellent, with a negative loan rate of 0.88% at the end of the four seasons compared to the end of the three seasons; and the interest group loan rate is higher than at the end of the two seasons.
Up 1 bp to 0.54 per cent, but the percentage of non-performing loans and loans of concern remains low compared to the absolute level of 12 bp below the beginning of the year. The breakdown of non-performing loans shows that the business non-performing loan rate was 0.95 per cent at the end of the two seasons; the retail non-performing loan rate is 1 bp to 0.98 per cent at the end of the two seasons; all loans above the age of Heaven are poorly included, with the percentage of non-performing loans that are more than 30 days overdue reaching 94.69 per cent.
The company ' s negative annual rate of production was measured at 0.36 per cent for the whole year 2020, down from 12bp in 2019; the annual rate of production was from the same point to 408 per cent for the quarter of the year; the provision coverage was the highest in the industry and the risk resilience was enhanced. The net profit of the Postal Bank increased by 5.36 per cent in the year 2020, with the speed of growth expected to lead the major business.
The company has nearly 40,000 business outlets (self-employed + agents), a network of entities covering both urban and rural areas, and a large number of retail customers, with more than 600 million households, laying the groundwork for a retail strategy. The company has a low loan ratio, asset-end business development space, a high ratio of end-of-debt deposits, and a strong advantage in the end-of-debt cost in the market interest rate environment, looking at the company's performance in 2021.
Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. Economic development influences the real economy’s performance and profitability, thereby affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Under the 2020 epidemic, supervision guided banks to give way to the real economy, and it is expected that the economic development of the enabling entity in 2021 will continue, but if interest rate controls or supermarkets are allowed to anticipate, or influence, the performance of the bank’s profits.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)