On 9 January 2021, the Bank of the Postal Reserve issued an announcement in which it recently received the China Bank Insurance Board ' s " Reciprocal approval for the non-public distribution of a unit " , which agreed in principle to its non-public distribution of a unit programme. The total amount of funds collected by the non-public distribution of a unit did not exceed 30 billion yuan yuan to supplement the capital fund.
We believe that the reserve bank will further replenish its corporate capital and help to maintain its long-term growth capacity. The reserve bank's fundamentals are stable, and we maintain that the reserve bank has previously received the approval of the China Silver Insurance Board for the second interim stock-holder conference in 2020, the first stock-holder meeting in 2020 and the first in 2020.
h Shareholders Assembly considered and adopted the Bill on the China Post Savings Bank ' s Non-Closed-A Equity Scheme, which recently received the China Bank Insurance Supervisory Board ' s Reciprocal Reciprocal Reciprocal-A Unit of the China State Insurance Supervisory Board on the Bank ' s Non-Closed-A Unit (2021] 17, which agreed in principle that the Bank of China ' s Non-Closed-Closed-A Equity Programme would be replenished with the sum of 30 billion yuan yuan in undisclosed-distributed-a shares.
The laws and regulations provide for other applications to be submitted to the relevant regulatory bodies and will comply with the corresponding disclosure obligations in accordance with the law.
2.7 per cent, but the third quarter was a single-quarter net profit of $19.2 billion, a 13.5 per cent increase in the same year and a negative one-season profit increase. In terms of asset expansion, the total assets at the end of the third quarter grew by 10.1 per cent, a slight increase of 1.2 percentage points over the mid-season increase; in terms of asset quality, the rate at the end of the third quarter was 0.88 per cent, a decrease of 1bp compared to the second quarter, a slight increase of 2bps compared to the beginning of the year, and a little increase of 3 percentage points from the end of the second quarter.
By 14 percentage points, the quality of assets remained stable at the beginning of the year, and the level of the provision was restored; in terms of net interest differentials, the reserve bank had a 2.40 per cent net interest gap for the first three quarters, a decrease of 12bps compared to the previous quarter, of which 2.36 per cent was recorded for the third quarter and 2bps lower than for the second quarter, but a narrow decline in the ring comparison. We believe that the increase in the reserve bank would further replenish the company’s capital and help to maintain its long-term growth capacity.
Billion dollars is expected to raise the capital adequacy rate at all levels of the company by about 0.5 percentage points, further strengthening the capital strength of the company, which will help to sustain long-term growth capacity. The current fundamentals of the PSB are stable and, given that the fixed increases have not yet been completed, we maintain the previous profit projections, with a projected net profit of $60.8 billion for the period 2020-2021. The macroeconomic situation continues to weaken, monetary policy is over-anticipated, regulatory policy changes are likely to have an adverse impact on banks, including asset quality, net interest differentials, and
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and that the logic of analysis is based on his professional understanding, seeking objectivity and fairness by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions