Researchchand developmentcenter cores, congener diversity expansion
– In-depth report on the Seafood industry (603288) – investment proposal: due to the lack of recovery of demand and the disruption of community shopping channels, the public sector is growing faster than expected in the short term. We believe that China has a good management, a good corporate strategy.
The seafood industry (603288) is aggressive, cost-control industry leads with scale effects, channels and brand moat depths. Public companies are expected to still have high valuations, with faster performance, given their competitive advantages.
The size of the spices industry is growing steadily. There are a large number of speculators, the whole of the industry is moderately low, and, according to Ei-Wi, the share of the sea-day industry in 20 years was only 6.9%.
As the per capita income of urban residents rises, consumers are increasingly interested in spices, cards, quality, and applications, and are willing to pay more for better spices.
The product groups also show a clear upward trend, with low-salt, zero-added, and organic high-end products rising. The domestic market for aphid oil is still in the early stages of industrial development, with small markets, low product penetration, and high growth rates.
The size is $5.4 billion, with a 14% compound increase in 15-20 years. The variety of spice sauces and the regionalization of flavors is remarkable. The sea weather masters play soy sauce and take advantage of the channel to quickly open market outlets.
As the company firmly pursues its nationalization strategy, the channels continue to sink, and corporate marketing standards are rising. The advantages of the size of the sea sky are in terms of purchasing costs and manufacturing costs. On the side of the procurement, the volume of raw materials purchased upstream of the sea is high, with some bargaining power for suppliers.
Sharing of fixed costs reduces manufacturing costs. In terms of upgrading production processes and technologies, the sea sky is also well advanced, seeking automation of equipment, intelligence, and leading the production-line efficiency industry.
China is equipped with a professional business team to direct and manage the share of distribution shares in the region (%) and to assist distributors and allieds in developing local marketing channels.
The channel consortium system integrates powerful and powerful distributors/coalitions into the marketing management system for the purpose of deep control of channels. Distributors’ resources are exclusive, and the ocean masters quality distributors’ resources.
The company’s multi-species development, in turn, strengthens the dealer’s loyalty and competitive advantage. The customer is sticky, because the cook’s habit of using spices, once developed, will not be easily replaced, or will affect the taste of the food.
In the index c-bpi list, seafood oil has been the top industry for nine consecutive years. For 17 years, the sea sky has been on ads.
The annual compound growth rate is about 14%, maintaining a faster rate of growth. By our calculations, the sea sky market for soy sauces has been growing steadily. The company’s aphid oil and sauce business is already on the ground, and the company, thanks to branding, channels, and research, can continue to expand in the future into sub-grades such as liquor, vinegar, and fire pot bottoms.
Catalysts for share prices: product price increases, declining prices of raw materials, etc. Sunda Securities Inc. Risk factors: higher prices for raw materials are higher than expected; increased competition in industry; new retail outlets are hit by wind
The market is concerned about the impact on the sea of the community buying channels.
The big brand has taken over the consumer’s mind, and in new retail outlets, such as community shopping, the big brand still has a great advantage over small brands. Community buyers are also deepening their collaboration with big goods to maintain channel traffic. 2) Price wars are inevitable, but future markets will be rational.
But as the community buys, the platform does not need small brands to channel him, and the entire online channel will be relatively regulated in the future. Our core recommended logic for the seafood industry is the following:
In recent years, as the per capita income of urban residents has increased, consumers have become more interested in the branding, quality, and application of spices and are willing to pay more for better spices.
In terms of procurement, there is a large volume of raw materials procured upstream, with some bargaining power for suppliers. The scale increases allow for the sharing of fixed costs.
In terms of production processes and technological upgrades, the sea sky is also very sophisticated, seeking to automate equipment, become intelligent, and lead the production-line efficiency industry. (3) Channels and brands create high barriers.
Vendors/coalitions are included in the marketing management system for the purpose of deep control of channels. Dealers’ resources are exclusive, and seafood has access to high-quality dealers’ resources. Catering customers are sticky, and seafood is a high-market barrier.
One management holding the stock, which has a long history of inspiration, and a transformation of the sea has begun at the Foshan Pavilion, which is now more than 300 years old.
\triangleright is the source of the traditional Chinese taste industry, which led the whole country during the dry years of Qingdao.
In 1955, the 25 strong palate gardens in Foshan were merged, of which the Seatrolls were the oldest and most powerful of the 25, so the new soybean mills were named after the Seatrolls.
Sea-day reform of corporate ownership, with a single State-owned economy transformed into individual employee and State-funded