Sip-talker taps re-launching on the cloud -- the first-ever coverage report of the World Wide Web (300628.sz) is a leading global provider of communication and collaborative solutions that has been in place for 20 years.
The growth of pulp communications and the growth of net profits from corporate collections and repatriations has kept up at a high rate, with cagr exceeding 30%. Cao Xute values R & D inputs in order to maintain its leading position in the industry.
The state and Shenzhen R & D centres, with 39.5% R & D inputs, account for more than 50% of R & D personnel. Companies have adopted a business model for light assets, creating a well-developed distribution network.
JANG Jianyu has established a worldwide distribution network to develop long-term stable cooperation with well-known overseas distributors and effectively enhance the global reach of corporate brands through continuous and effective management of channels.
The company has multiple product lines and coordinated operations. The company has now fully deployed the three product lines of desktop communications terminals, videoconferencing, and cloud office terminal operations to ensure high growth in the company over the long term.
The great advantages of ip communications have enabled European and American operators to actively promote, companies to continuously improve their competitiveness, and in recent years, they have maintained the world’s first-highest and year after year. Companies have introduced high-end smartphones, such as t5, to upgrade their harvests and hairs.
Interest rates, continued high-end production, and increased market share are the main drivers of the growth of the product line. Companies’ vision and layout of videoconferencing product lines are expected to open the second curve of corporate growth.
The basic telecommunications infrastructure of the ball and the development of communications technology, the transformation of the videoconferencing industry from privatization to publicization, and the influx of new players from all walks of life. The company’s conference product lines have always adhered to the idea of “cloud-end” product design and have continued to build capacity from cloud architecture to smart hardware terminals, actively working with domestic and foreign heads.
Co-opening of the market by cloud videoconferencing software providers has continued to grow at a rapid pace for many years.
The size of the global business headphones market is growing year by year, from $1.26 billion in 2016 to $2.21 billion in 2021, with the capr reaching 11.89%. While the industry is currently monopolized by foreign giants, we believe that companies have multiple advantages and companies can compete for opening up competition.
The debate was filled with confidence, the company continued to refine its headphone product matrix, introduced new products, and the product lined up to date to maintain a high rate of growth, further enhancing the integrity of the company’s unified communications solution. Investment advice: the company continues to expand its new product class as a sip-talker, and is fully committed to opening up the company’s growth.
The second curve. We choose to be able to communicate well, view the source shares as comparable companies, with an average pere hedge in 2022, but may still be affected by foreign exchange fluctuations.
Risk of price volatility of raw materials: In the future, the prices of major raw materials will increase significantly, and companies will face the adverse impact of the rise in raw materials on their business performance.
The company is the world’s leading provider of communication and collaborative solutions, accounting for more than 20 years in this area. The company then transformed the ip-communication solution, focusing on creating an autonomous brand for the sip terminal and putting it on the market in 2017.
The company’s market share was the highest in the world in 2018, and its share has continued to rise steadily since then. – The Vcs videoconference system was marketed in 2015, followed by Microsoft’s Global Strategic Partnership.
The company has formed a complete business communication solution. The company now has three main lines of business, which form a unified communication solution covering multiple scenarios, such as personal desktop communications, conference room communications, and telemobile communications.
The sip-phone series includes the T3, t4 and t5 series, the t4 series and the t5 high-end for senior managers and professionals, with a high functionality and excellent call function, and the conference product was developed in 2015 as the company ' s second-largest line of business.
The cloud office terminal was established in 2020 as a new business line for companies. The product line is still in its early stages of development, relying on brand names and technological advantages accumulated over the years in the corporate communications market.
1.1 The firm’s equity structure is stable; the firm’s equity structure is stable; the company’s equity structure is stable; and the main shareholders have control over the company’s management.
The co-actors of Lu Young Fu constitute the actual shareholders in the company, who together hold 52.2% of the company’s total stock stock, of which Director Chen Ji-song holds 17.29%. General Manager Zhang Chang holds 4.65% of the stock.
– In 2018, the company introduced its first equity incentive scheme to award a limited stock of 1.09 million shares to the incentive audience, accounting for about 0.364% of the total amount of the company’s equity at the time of the announcement. The incentive target was 86 people, including two public executives and the company’s core technical (business) staff and other employees whose company’s board of directors considered that the incentive should be.
• In 2020, the company introduced a second equity incentive scheme to award limited shares of 31,275 million shares to the incentive audience, accounting for about 0.5218% of the total equity of the company at the time of the announcement. The incentive target was 113 persons, including two company executives and 111 other company core technicians.
• In 2022, the company introduced its third equity incentive scheme to award a limited stock of 6.59 million shares to the incentive audience, accounting for approximately 0.73 per cent of the total equity of the company at the time of the announcement. 149 persons were given the incentive.
In June 2021, the company announced the introduction of the Enterprise Incentives Fund, the first operating cycle of which is five fiscal years, 2021-2025, with an incentive of not less than 30 per cent of the annual audited consolidated statement operating income of the company in the form of a specific incentive.
In June 2022, the company held its first stockholders meeting, representing the share of the stockholding scheme, the core management team of the company continued to grow deep in the communications industry, with extensive industry experience. The company’s founding team and actual control of people’s careers, such as Chen Ji-song, Lu Yong-fu and Zhou Wai, were related to the communications industry and to industry trends.
There is a deep understanding that promotes breakthroughs in technology R & D. 1.3 Companies have long been highly involved in building product competitiveness through high R & D inputs. Companies have focused on R & D inputs and technology accumulation in order to maintain their industry leadership.
The Department’s R & D investment is on the rise, and the number of R & D personnel is on the rise. Currently, the company has three R & D centres, Xiamen, Hangzhou, Shenzhen, with independent national acoustic laboratories, such as the Emc Laboratory, the Audio Laboratory, and the Sound Reciprocal Laboratory. The company’s products cover cloud computing.
The number of artificial intelligence technologies and applications, audio and video decoding, user interactive experience design, communications control protocols, etc. We believe that sustained corporate investment in research and development will help companies to realize their full technological advantages, enhance their core competitiveness, and provide a stable basis for developing corporate unity in the field of communications.
1.4 Companies adopt an efficient business model with a diversified development strategy
The product characteristics and the main target client types are adapted to facilitate low-cost and efficient business expansion and regional coverage, and value is fundamental to maintaining integrity in the channels.
Through many years of active development in the corporate communications market, companies have established worldwide distribution networks, developed long-term stable partnerships with well-known distributors, and continued excellence through continuous and effective channels of management.
The end-users of the company’s products include call centres, such as China’s Peace China, and Jingdong’s customer service centers, as well as small and medium-sized enterprises in various industries, such as hospitals, education, catering, electricity, banks, and government portfolios.
Companies have adopted a business model of light assets, focusing on product design R & D and product marketing, and have outsourced human-intensive product production to the maquiladora mills, focusing more on product design and R & D, and working to improve the firm’s core competitiveness.
We believe that companies focus on the two ends of the smile curve, keeping the core link firmly in their hands, and that it is in the interest of companies to focus on their products and markets themselves, and to reduce their asset-liability ratios. Companies adopt diversified development strategies, with synergies between different product lines.
Desktop communication terminals account for the largest share of operating income, increasing the share of new business as companies mature into new lines of business. Videoconferencing products have also grown since they got online in 2015, maintaining a high Māori rate in each product line of the company.
The company adheres to a globalization strategy, with operating income coming mainly from overseas markets, particularly in the Americas and Europe. The Department focuses on overseas markets, which account for a relatively high share of revenue, in 2022 h1, in the Americas and in the European region.
Since its inception, firms have been growing at a high rate of growth, operating income and net return earnings, and profitability tables. Companies' operating income has been growing at a high rate, from 488 million yuan in 2014 to 2021, and we believe that companies are still growing at a high rate.
The company’s asset structure is sound, its debt ratios are low, and its solvency is strong. We have selected other companies in the industry: we can communicate well, and we can compare the company’s flows.
The ratio is higher than that of other companies and is at the forefront of the industry.
The company’s Māori rate, net interest rates, were high. The company’s Māori sales rate was 61.55% in 2021, keeping pace with the company’s Māori trend and exchange rate fluctuations.
The company’s Māori rate, net interest rates, are all industry leaders. Compared to the company’s four companies, Su State, Koda, Cisco, and Xiattle.
The company’s Māori rate is higher than that of comparable companies, and the Māori rate remains at a steady high level. Net corporate interest rates are stablely high, far higher than those of other companies in the industry.
2.1 Harmonisation of communication is a trend towards enterprise communication development ip communication gradually replaces analogue communication and further develops multi-end integrated communication as an computer network or Internet for inter-firm communication development.
2.2 The market is dominated by overseas competition patterns that are currently relatively stable across the ip communication market, with industrial barriers restricting the entry of new players. ip is divided into open standard agreements (e.g., sip) or exclusive ip agreements, which provide size and flexibility.
It is the preferred category for the implementation of the Internet protocol call technology (voip). The domestic and foreign shop operators include the following: the billion-dollar network, Cisco, Poly, the tidal network, the multi-billion view of Guangzhou, the barriers to industry, including brand recognition, cost efficiency, technical barriers, access qualifications, etc.
Personal communications products, which are more slowly upgraded, have smaller markets, and there is little likelihood that new competitors will emerge in the future unless subversive technologies emerge. The market development of sip phones is largely overseas, and the driving force depends mainly on local telecommunication operators, and the product will be used by local telecommunication operators.
Euro-American countries focus on privacy and cooperation, on the separation of private and office numbers, on the promotion of ip communications, in the form of a service package containing traffic and minutes of calls. There is a temporary lack of a mature social ip operating network in the country, where ip communications are mainly used to replace traditional analogue communications.
Telecommunications companies’ switchboards, network infrastructure, and terminals need to be upgraded, and the three major operators in the country are currently less willing and strong to promote and have some potential for the future. Māori penetration of sip phones is usually higher, mainly because of higher R&D inputs, higher technical barriers, and product nuclei.
The target client group is broadly divided into three categories, and the corporate communications industry is more focused on the quality performance of the product:
Middle-end clients: For example, a customer’s service centre requires a large number of ip telephones. High-end clients: there is a strong demand for integrated communications co-location, mainly by large firms and multinationals, while requiring the integration of larger value added functions on the basis of calls.
The decision makers in corporate communications products are generally professionals in the IT sector and are responsible for the quality and efficiency of the enterprise as a whole, so in the corporate communications market, customers are more concerned about quality performance than they are about prices.
The desktop communications terminal, a company’s start-up product, has been growing at a faster pace. The desktop communications terminal product grew from 460 million yuan in 2014 to 2,547 million yuan in 2021, with an annual increase of 32.83 per cent.
As the epidemic eases, the overseas market has gradually recovered, and distributors’ readiness to prepare their goods has increased.
Since 2017, corporate markets have remained the highest in the world and have increased year by year. The corporate focus product itself, the global market share of sip calls, has risen steadily, from 8.7 per cent in 2010 to 34.23 per cent in 2020, and is expected to increase the global share further in the future.
The company’s annual share of t5 series is 16.89%. The company’s successive roll-out of high-end smartphones such as t5, vp59 applies to senior managers and professionals.
Companies have opened up large customers of operators with global markets, and continue to encroach on high-end markets. The company’s co-operated large clients, such as verizon, Britishtelecom, deutschelekom and logmein, are core customers in the North American market.
Figure 22: Company high-end Sip t5 series 3. Corporate layouts are expected to open the second growth curve 3.1 Epidemic becomes the accelerator for global videoconferencing development
The global videoconferencing market has grown rapidly, driven by a number of factors. The size of the global videoconferencing market has increased from $4.31 billion in 2016 to $7.9 billion in 2019, with an annual compound growth rate of 22.38 per cent.
The cost of meeting and communicating is also contributing to more efficient global communications. Technological advances: the increased power of videoconferencing products can provide clearer images and sound, and the continued optimization of product stability, compatibility, and scalability also attracts more users to use the products.
The emergence of the new crown has led to an increase in the number of human settlements, the promotion of video conferences, an increase in the number of active customers and users’ use of markets, and a further increase in user stickyness. The epidemic has spurred and contributed to the rapid development of videoconferencing software, with industries growing rapidly and emerging players pouring in.
The market share of Zoom in the global videoconferencing software market is 50%, the world’s largest. zoom: The cloud videoconferencing software service provider, Nos. Zoom, was founded in 2011 by Chinese Yuan, and is an important provider of modern business video communications.
By July 2022, 204.1 million households. Microsoft teams: Microsoft has a large layout and input in the unified communications industry. Teams videoconferencing products are an important part of the office 365 package, with excellent compatibility and interoperability.
The number of users reached 270 million in 2022, with an average annual compound growth rate of 166.7 per cent.
The domestic videoconferencing market has grown rapidly in recent years, growing from $9.58 billion in 2018 to $14.82 billion in 2021, with an annual compound growth rate of 15.7 per cent and an increase in 2021.
Day-to-day communication outside, while helping businesses to reduce costs and improve efficiency. Meanwhile, the advent of cloud videoconferencing has caused deployment costs to fall sharply, further sinking of videoconferencing, which could have been deployed only by large companies, to small and medium-sized enterprises, to further increase penetration rates, and we expect to see it.
vcs is usually divided into two categories, and the traditional videoconferencing market is more concentrated. With the development of basic global communications facilities and the development of communications technology, the videoconferencing industry has been transformed from privatization to publicization.
Two models: the public cloud model, which is represented by good perception, which is dominated by clouds and soft ends, and the private model, which is represented by poly, which has a relatively strong hardware and overall capacity. The traditional hardware-based videoconferencing market pattern in the country is stable, with a Chinese-based, Suzhou-Kuda-Cordy-Cordy-Cordy-Cordy-Cordy-Cordy-Corbot.
The market for cloud videoconferencing has shown its strength, and its success has not been determined. With user demand and the growth of cloud computing, cloud videoconferencing will gradually become the dominant trend in industry’s development.
One is that firms do not have to pay for expensive and complex local servers, and more firms are moving to cloud-vision meetings, a transformation that reduces the threshold for businesses to use, markets begin to sink, and markets become larger. The current pattern of domestic cloud videoconferencing is fragmented, and there are many competitors in emerging cloud-conferencing markets in the country.
Industry entrants include such companies as the billion-dollar network, small fish easy access, easy communication, visualization, and full-time, and we expect the domestic videoconferencing market to be ready for further shuffling. The country’s demand for videoconferencing varies from one type of customer to another, and can be divided broadly into three categories depending on the client structure.
Government agencies: high safety and performance requirements, large orders and centralized purchases. Large enterprises: lower efficiency, timely decision-making, higher performance requirements. Small and medium-sized enterprises: higher price sensitivity, preference for high-priced products, small and dispersed orders
Table 3: Videoconferencing system client structure 3.2 Videoconferencing products are expected to open the second curve of corporate growth
The company’s meeting line, which was developed in 2015, is the company’s second largest current business line, and will continue to make efforts in the future to improve the competitiveness of its products and further increase its market share. The company’s Māori rate, which is high, has remained above 60%, which is the technological value added to the product.
Over the years, corporate conference products have evolved, meeting platforms and the processing capacity of smart hardware terminals have been continuously upgraded, new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, have been fully applied in the products, and in 2021, the intelligent conference room solution was launched, leading to a more diverse, flexible and multi-compatible video programme to serve.
The company's meeting product line is always based on the concept of cloud-end product design and continues to build capacity from cloud architecture to smart hardware terminals. To date, the company has been able to provide public clouds, mixed clouds, and private deployments.
A live deployment programme to accommodate and meet the diverse needs of different groups and to ensure better user experience. Small clients: they can buy only terminals, and the company vcs hardware end product has a 24-point mcu built-in capacity that meets the needs of small videoconferences, and they can match the software terminal to complement the meeting scene.
• Medium-sized clients: if there is a demand for videoconferencing, but it does not accept high server costs, cloud-ends can be deployed. • Large clients: typically with higher performance and safety requirements, use the configuration of yms servers + terminals
3.3 Together with the Big Tao Market, Inc. has worked with well-known national and international cloud videoconferencing software manufacturers to open up the market.In 2018, the company became a Microsoft Global Video Strategy partner and has since been working with Zoom.
The main revenue from the company’s overseas videoconferencing product is currently from Microsoft teams, which is expected to be realized with the continued roll-out of the hardware terminal solution for teams, Zoom, etc.
Figure 33: Videoconferencing hardware of the Federation in collaboration with Zoom
Videoconferencing suite for medium-sized and large conference rooms, mini-conference room set for mini-conference rooms.
4. Reuse of commercial headphones through existing channels to continuously refine the product matrix 4.1 Business headphones market to maintain rapid growth
Teleconferencing and telecollaborative office models are becoming new trends, with the new crowning epidemic further catalyzing mixed public demand. At the same time, the demand for efficient communication collaboration among business employees has accelerated the digital transformation of business and the growth of business headphone markets over the years.
The size of the global business headphones market is growing year by year, from $1.26 billion in 2016 to $2.21 billion in 2021, with capr reaching 11.89%. With the rise of mobile and mixed offices, we expect that the size of the global business headphone market will continue to grow in the future.
Figure 35: Size and speed of the global business headphone market Commercial headphones are designed for office and business scenes, with dual attributes of business and individual users, and are very different from consumer headphones in terms of technical characteristics, use of scenes and distribution channels.
Technical characteristics: Compared to consumer headphones. Business ear opportunities focus more on inputs that safeguard sound quality, microphones, smart noise reduction, reliability for long-term use and platform authentication. Use scenes: compared to consumer headphones. Commercial headphones need to guarantee the quality of calls in office settings.
• Sales channels: the sale of consumer headphones is dominated by sub-sub-sub-entity shops, web-based shops, where buyers are mostly private consumers, toc sales models; in the sale of business headphones, traditional “distributors--”
The system integrator model remains the mainstream channel, with most buyers being political. 4.2 oligopolies monopolize the commercial headphone market.
Plattronics and Jabra have taken up most of the market. Joined the long-standing Grand Norse Group as its leading headphone brand under the umbrella of its audio business sector, the main platronics: founded in 1962, with its headquarters in the United States, leading global audio communications.
The company, which has branches in a number of countries or regions, has completed its acquisition of a single communications giant, the Treaton. 4.3 The company’s strategic layout is expected to open up a situation where the company will set up cloud office terminal lines in 2020 to ensure full coverage from R & D, supply chains, marketing, etc.
A quick investment in the product line further enhances the integrity of the corporate unified communication solution. The product line has a high technical threshold, and is partially compatible with the technology available to the company, with a larger market size and with higher technical barriers, which are consistent with the firm’s positioning in the target market.
The commercial headphone product line, which is more commonly used by workers in overseas enterprises who purchase large quantities of personal office terminals, such as commercial headphones, is still dominant in marketing strategies. The business’s operating income has been growing rapidly, with H1’s cloud office terminal operating revenue in 2022.
At the present time, the product line is still in its early stages of development, but companies are confident that the competition will be opened.
The product lines have continued to grow at a high pace, and we believe that there is a great advantage for the company. Brand advantages: Cloud Office terminals are also part of the corporate communications market, and the brand advantages that companies have accumulated over the years in desktop communication terminals and video conferences can be extended to cloud office terminals.
• Price advantage: the main competitor in the market is still a European-American firm, and Chinese manufacturers are still competing in the process.
There is a significant cost-price advantage. Technological advantage: the company’s accumulation of audio technology over the years can be reused for cloud office terminals, while it also continues to increase its research and development inputs, refine its product matrix, and strive to achieve a breakthrough in product quality performance.
4.4 The company has continued to refine the product matrix, which is constantly enriching the product class, and has continued to produce new items, including: uh3x wired headphones, the wh6x series of wireless headphones and bh7x.
A series of bluetooth headphones, with commercial ear openings expanding to a wide range of products over the next few years, will gradually push the product up to the top, compared to the shoulder of the international giant, as the company’s products are now more base-based and competitively competitive.
We believe that the product lines of the following commercial headphones will gradually have a scale effect, adding the product to the higher end, and are expected to increase the Māori rate of the product on a continuous basis. At the same time, the company is actively promoting other cloud office terminal products, which continue to enrich the product class.
5. Profit forecasting and investment proposals
The rate is rising, and the Māori rate is expected to continue to rise. We expect the company's business to be in line with conference product business in 2022-2024: the company adheres to the idea of "Cloud Plus" product design, seizes new opportunities for digital transformation, introduces holistic solutions to multiple vertical industries, and has a large domestic and international zooms, teams, tems, etc.
Co-operation is expected to ensure high growth and a steady decline in the Māori rate. We expect the company ' s cloud office terminal operation to be 2022-2024: the company is fully active in commercial headphone product lines, continuously refining the product matrix, and the Māori rate is expected to increase further as the product is scaled up and continues to be high-end. We expect the company ' s 2022-2024.
The average market gain since the company was listed is 33.3 times the average. The company is still in a period of rapid growth, with its operating income and net return profits rising and its current valuation levels below those of the past.
If China and the United States trade friction increases, the associated export-restrictive policies may affect the risks of an overseas recession in the company’s output. If the economy declines abroad, they may affect the willingness of downstream customers to purchase, with adverse effects on the company’s performance.
Upstream raw-material price volatility risks. In the future, major raw-material prices will rise significantly, and companies will face a negative impact on their business performance from rising raw-material prices.
Research Assistant Zhang Jianyu, Master of Arts, Beijing University of Science and Technology, who was employed in China and China, and who worked in the ict industry for many years, joined the Port Shin securities in November 2021.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, linked directly or indirectly to the specific recommendations or views in this report, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is null and void. The market is at risk, and the investor, Port-Services Inc. (“the company”) is an institution qualified for legal securities investment consultancy.
Investors should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, should make their own investment decisions and bear their own investment risks, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. The company does not bear any direct or indirect loss or any other loss associated with the use of the material contained in this report.