The medical team is planning to acquire the Xianan Bian, which will extend its operations to the area of metabolic diseases.
On November 23, 2023, the company issued an announcement stating that the company and Chongqing Qingxian Biopharmaceutical Company, Chongqing Ji-Seon Investment Company, and Zhang Gao Gorge agreed on a preliminary offer to buy in cash an intelligent investment, and Zhang's ownership of 100 per cent of the Xiang An Bios.
Signed the Intent Agreement on Equity Acquisitions.
Development goals, through this deal, the company intends to inject Xuanan organisms into the company.
2023.10.9 This will lead to the field of therapeutic biopharmaceuticals.
Timescales and rates of payment, etc., have been negotiated separately and signed by the parties to the final equity acquisition agreement or class of companies focusing on diabetes, obesity, etc. Multi-drugs have entered the clinical phase. The company that is to be bought is the smart investment platform that has hatched.
Reorganizing the biopharmaceutical industry of the Protein Technology Platform, focusing on metabolic diseases such as diabetes mellitus, obesity, etc., has led to the formation of scalding glp-1-like drugs, insulin-like tubes. So far, the Tianan Bian has six candidate drugs that have entered the clinical phase.
In addition, glp-1/gip's double-target receptor agonists, oral accelerators.
In terms of production capacity, Xiangan organisms have been built into one formulation workshop and two raw materials medicine workshops. Research and development innovation has been strengthened, and the building of autonomous products has accelerated.
As of November 2023, the number of autonomous research and development projects had reached 29, 16 projects had entered the clinical trials and applications for registration, and many products were in the production declaration phase or 111 stages of clinical trials, including four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine, freezing
Dry people use rabies (mrc-5 cells), 15-priced pneumococcal tuberculosis vaccine, four-priced brain combination vaccine, and two-priced vaccine for soybean dysentery. The company will continue to step up its research efforts and make every effort to promote clinical trials of research line products.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating For the time being, without taking into account the contribution to performance of the company to be awarded, we maintain profit forecasting, R & D progress below expectations; product diffusion and sales below expectations; and government policy changes.
Risk: Bad debt increases risk.