q3's performance is growing fast. Three-quarterly review in 2023. October 27, 2023.
Current operating income is 39,272 million yuan, representing an increase of 41.15 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is 6,530 million yuan, representing an increase of 16.46 per cent in the same year; net profit from non-repatriation is 638 million yuan, representing an increase in the same amount
The company ' s performance continued to grow at a rapid rate in the third quarter, as expected. S0340121100002 further optimized the company ' s cost during the company period.
In August, the company signed an agreement with the company on exclusive distribution and joint promotion, which will be awarded to the company in mainland China at $6.88 billion a year and $10.32 billion a year in 2026. In addition, it was agreed that gsk would be given priority.
The joint development and commercialization of any rsv vaccine for older persons in the region is a company’s exclusive partner. Only two herpes are currently on the market, with good competition patterns and market space, and are expected to provide new growth points for the company’s future performance.
The company is a domestic vaccine leader, and the sales of proxy products keep growing at a high rate, moving well along the autonomous product line, providing protection against future growth in the company’s performance.
Research and development is not as fast as expected. “positive” investors are only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors are fit to use our Division’s various categories of individuals who are qualified or reasonably competent to exercise portfolio investment advice from the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and are informed independently and objectively.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the publication of this report.