In collaboration with gsk, the sole agent reorganised herpe vaccine.
"Pharmacistic biology. Bioproducts.
On October 9, 2023, Chi Fei Beast signed an exclusive distribution and joint promotion agreement with Glaxo Schultz, Hong Kong (collectively: gsk), which will supply the Twilight Beast with a recombinant herpe vaccine and allow the Twilight Beast to be in the cooperation area as agreed.
In the case of the People’s Republic of China, for the purposes of this agreement, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macao Special Administrative Region and the Taiwan Region, the products are marketed, promoted, imported and sold. In addition, the agreement also agreed that gsk would give priority to becoming an exclusive partner in any joint development and commercialization of rsv vaccines for the elderly in the cooperation area.
National belief in medicine: Gsk's reorganisation of herpes vaccine shingrix is a global heavy-pound species with a global sales value of nearly Pound3 billion in 2022 (year-on-year-on-year +72%). The domestic market for herpes has been approved in 2019 and 2023, respectively. The exclusive agency agreement is currently in the early stages of commercialization, with an overall penetration rate of the appropriate age group at a low level.
The Agency, which further enriches the smart-flying biological product line, is expected to take advantage of the company’s ability to sell and its high end-coverage. Given the heavy burden of herpe disease, herpes are a viral infection that causes pain.
Symptoms include pain, itch, or prickly pain in the area, which can later develop into rash. Other symptoms may include fever, headaches, cold and stomach discomfort. The most common complications are phn, with approximately 9 to 34% of the cases of phn; there is a potential risk of phn occurring; other complications can lead to serious eye-related complications and, in rare cases, can also be induced.
Pneumonia, hearing problems, encephalitis, or death. Age ageing of domestic herpes has increased steadily, with the number of new infections among persons over 50 years of age increasing from about 2.5 million in 2015 to 3.9 million in 2021, with a compound annual growth rate of 7.8 per cent, expected to rise to 4.9 million in 2025 and 6 million in 2030, respectively.
The domestic market for herpe vaccine is also expected to grow rapidly, rising to $11.5 billion in 2025 and $28.5 billion in 2030, according to Frost Sullivan.
Medicines have had limited effect, with four preventive vaccine products being marketed globally. Common treatments include antivirus and painkillers, with limited efficacy and only temporary mitigation of symptoms. Currently, four herpes are on the market, with Mossatón ' s zostavax (2006), Skyzoster (2017) of the Schingrix (2017) of the Schöck, and 100-gram organisms.
Of these, Skyzoster sells only in Korea and has a market share of about 1% of the global market for herpes, while 100-gram-like herpes detoxification vaccine is sold only in China. Shengrix (Shin-Am-Am-Am) is a recombinant herpe vaccine with a new form of sapiens as01b (mpl+qs-21), with protection effectiveness of 90%.
There has been a significant increase in the use of herpes-retardation vaccines, with no significant differences across age groups (the efficacy of the antitoxin vaccine has declined rapidly with age) and good protection sustainability (the single dose of zostavax can be provided ~50 per cent of the effectiveness of the protection and gradually decline after 5-8 years). As the annual shingrix will be sold globally for more than £4 billion.
In January 2023, 100-gram-of-life herpe detoxification vaccine was approved. Currently, domestic companies are making faster progress in research and development of live detoxification vaccine, 100-gram-of-life vaccine has been marketed and completed in Shanghai; and the protein platform has been reorganized.
On the other hand, the ii-clinics are about to be launched, the ii-clinics are at the ii-clinic stage, the ii-clinic stage is at the ii-clinic stage at the ii-clinic stage at the ii-clinic stage at the ii-clinic stage at the Shanghai Eid Road, and the overall competitive pattern is that the minimum procurement amount for recombinant herpe vaccine for the next three years totals more than $20 billion.
Investment proposal: Gsk Reorganization of Herpes Vaccine Shingrix is a global heavy-pound species, with global sales close to £3 billion in 2022, which was marketed in 2022, is in the early stages of commercialization, with an overall penetration rate of the appropriate age group at low levels. The sole agent signed this agreement, which is a step forward in enriching the smart-flying biological product pipeline, with the promise of taking advantage of the company’s strong marketing capacity and high end coverage.
"Intelligent Organisms (300122.sz)-2022: High Growth of Agent Products and Reduction of Net Profiting of New Crown Vaccine Demand" "Intelligent Organisms (300122.sz)-2021 and Quarterly Reviews: "Autonomous + Agent", Rapid Growth of Corporate Performance" - the authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author