In collaboration with the gsk strategy, the proxy herpe vaccine, the aid company industry — Ji Fei Bien (300122.sz) incident evaluation report.
Hobx@cfsc.com.cn signed an exclusive distribution and joint promotion agreement on 8 October 2023.
The minimum annual purchase amount is agreed for three years, with the possibility of an extension of the agreement after the initial period.
In addition, it was agreed that gsk would give priority to the joint development and commercialization of any rsv vaccine for older persons in the cooperation area as an exclusive partner of the wise-flying creature, gsk Hin-Shin-Nian, the first marketed herpe vaccine in the country.
The gsk recombinant herpe vaccine was first approved in China in 2019, and the first domestic grant was granted to prevent adult herpes aged 50 and over.
The vaccine combines the reorganization of the antigen sugar protein e and the aso1b septo system, with excellent clinical results. In August 2023, GlaxoStuck published a post-market iv clinical trial (zoster-076) data show that Xin'an is on the Chinese side.
100% protection for adults aged 50 years and over on the mainland.
The low rate of vaccination against herpes with a significant increase in penetration in the country is the result of the re-energization of the herpes with a pox-pusal herpe (vzv) virus, which is one of the reasons why the seedlings have been released to the market.
In China, the population aged 50 and over has a new pattern of herpes, about 1.56 million per year, and post-hispe neurorrhea (phn) is known as herpes.
The most common complications, the incidence of which is 5-30% of herpes with herpes, are related to the age of the patient. In China, vaccination rates for herpes with herpes are still very low.
In 2021, only 0.1 per cent of the population aged 50 years and over was vaccinated against herpes in China, well below the European Union and the United States, which were 5.2 per cent and 26.8 per cent, respectively. In 2022, the gsk herpe vaccine reached nearly Pound3 billion a year.
(+72%) Revenue, the highest single product of gsk sales, has doubled in both Germany and China City. We believe that, as people become more aware of herpes and herpes, there is much room for growth in penetration in China.
The company's ability to sell is strong, and this strategic co-operation agent, herpes vaccine, aid company's long-term growth in performance, has been acting for years as agent, Mossadon's four-priced Hpv vaccine, nine-price Hpv disease.
In 2022, 3497 million agents were employed in marketing teams, numbering more than 3400 people, covering more than 30,000 basic health services throughout the country. The agreement was signed at a total value of 20.6 billion.
The new proxy herpe vaccine is expected to add new strength to the growth of corporate performance; at the same time, it represents the recognition of the company ' s market extension and combined strength by more partners globally and more high-quality innovation products in the future.
With a strong corporate marketing capacity, working with gsk to give new weight to the company’s performance growth. Given the company’s new vaccine industry, we've raised it to 2024.
The Medicines Group introduced Hoobo-New: Master of Medicine, 10 years of experience in medicine research in the securities industry, formerly part of the pharmaceutical new wealth team.
As a member of the group, there is a long-term experience with the industry of raw materials, medical devices, and blood products. Innovative medicines, seven years of experience with biological research entities, and three years of experience with pharmaceutical research.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.