The medical team's cooperation agreement with gsk is in place and the vaccine with herbs is expected to increase its performance.
On 9 October 2023, the company issued an announcement that on 8 October 2023, the company and gsk had signed an exclusive distribution and joint promotion agreement, and that the two parties would cooperate mainly on the supply, distribution and joint promotion of the heavy-band herpe vaccine produced by the gsk.
The Department is the sole importer and distributor in the Zone of Cooperation (the People's Republic of China, for the purposes of this Agreement, excluding Kao.
Rapid Growth, 2023.8.29 Business: It was also agreed that gsk would give priority to any rsv vaccine for the elderly in the cooperation area.
Joint development and commercialization is the sole partner of the company, with concrete cooperation steadily advancing through public construction. 2023.4.20 The Division and the gsk follow-up agreement and are subject to separate agreements.
3. The growth of performance is expected to be further boosted by the Quantified Assessment of the Hibakusha Corporation: The continuous release of Hpv vaccines, the propriety of the product, the minimum purchase of herpe vaccines, which is expected to increase further, according to the consensus of Chinese experts in the treatment of herpes (2022nd edition) in the Asia-Pacific region.
The disease rate (3~10)/1,000 years, with an annual increase of 2.5% ~ 5.0%, vaccination against herpes is an effective measure to prevent herpes with herpes.
Prevention of herpes with belts: Global sales in 2022 were close to £3 billion in Hin-An-King, and sales in China doubled. According to the company announcement, the minimum annual purchase for herpe vaccine is projected for 2024-2026 for the duration of this cooperation agreement.
The actual situation will be adjusted to take into account the orders confirmed in writing by both parties, and if the agreement is performed properly, it will be expected to further boost the firm’s overall rapid growth in performance.
A total of 29 company-owned research and development projects, including 16 in clinical trials and applications for registration. Since this year, the company ' s 23-priced pneumocococcal multi-sugar vaccine has been acquired and bcg-ppd has entered clinical trials in ii; recombinant b-mening.
The cerebral vaccine (colicus) is in clinical trials during the hysteria period. The company is researching a rich product line and, if approved successfully in the future, will further enhance the company’s core competitiveness.
Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings Roe (belonging to parent company) (share-sharing)
Research and development progress is less than expected; product promotion and sales are less than expected; government policy is adjusted; risk: bad debt increases risk.
Within a week, within a month and in February.