Proprietary gsk vaccine, new performance growth 11/10.2023 Keywords: #new products, new technologies, new clients
▪ Incident: On 8 October 2023, Ji Fei Bian and gsk signed the " Agreement on exclusive distribution and joint promotion " , which will be the exclusive agent of the Twilight Beast in mainland China for the gsk herpe vaccine, for the period from 8 October 2023 to 31 December 2026.
In addition, it was agreed that gsk would give priority to being an exclusive partner in any joint development and commercialization of the rsv vaccine for older persons in the cooperative region. The market for herpes is vast, and the valuation of the jiffy vaccine is expected to recover: there are only three belts around the world today.
Herpes vaccine is on the market, with the gsk herpe vaccine being the only sub-unit vaccine that has been restructured, with 97% protection efficiency, well above the other two. In 2022, the gsk herpe vaccine was sold on a global scale of over $3.6 billion, a heavy-pound vaccine product after the Hpv vaccine.
With the ageing of the population, the number of people covered will increase further. In 2021, the U.S. vaccine penetration rate was close to 30%, and the pseudo-national peak penetration rate reached 10%, corresponding to 34 million people, according to 60% of the city.
One shot of $1,600, calculated by two shots, corresponds to a total market space of about 65 billion.
Co-examining micro-cards and Iyka, expected to sell around 1 million micro-cards throughout the year, 2023. 17 projects at the clinical and registration stage, 13 pre-clinical projects, 23 of which were priced.
Pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine was released on September 1st, received a four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine, accepted, expected to be released in the second half of next year, clinical trials have been completed for two-fold blizzards and expected to be delivered in the first half of next year. The company’s autonomous product line is gradually being implemented, and it is expected to open up long-term growth.
Reporting points: double rotation of agents and autonomous products  profit forecast and investment rating: we maintain a forecast of net return profits of $9,856 million in 2023, and Dong Oo Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.