On October 27th, 2023, E.H.E. released three quarterly reports on the evening of October 26, the first three quarters of 2023.
\triangleright revenue of $4.368 billion, an increase of 17 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother of $607 million, an increase of 5179 per cent in the same year;
\triangleright: 1,541 million yuan, or 14 per cent increase in the same year; net return to mothers: 160 million yuan, or 49 per cent increase in the same year; sustained cost control and rapid profit-end growth. Sales/management/research and development costs for companies in the previous three quarters
\triangleright’s good cost-control ability has led to a rapid increase in corporate non-net profits. On the other hand, as a result of a robust change in corporate fair value since this year, the corporate net return profit has recovered considerably since 2022.
On the day, 2023 Heung Seung published the latest capacity upgrades of the financial model Lightgpt, as well as the application of the multiplicity of photon series based on Lightgpt, and announced the official ding-tung model.
Open Product Publicity 1) Lightgpt constructs a well-developed safety mechanism including language security, s01052209006 model security, model assessment, etc., to ensure large model generation from eight evaluation dimensions.
(b) Lightgpt addresses the challenges of financial terms with a large number of accents, intellectual hallucinations, strict regulations, etc., by adding more than 12 million to the tokens professional profile, reducing daily language usage and fine-tuning 12 mission directives; and (c) Lightgpt uses location-based content in the toll scene
Tránsformer model, over 20 billion tokens of financial information and 8-type task instructions 1. Helium Electronics (600570.0.sh) 2023 semi-annual report rating: significant growth in performance, issuing premium options incentives
Fine-tuning to address issues such as ultra-long text processing, composite layout of chart text, and extensive terminology; 4) based on Golden Heart - 2023/08/27 Melting Smart Assistant Mitsuko, the company issues four large model applications: Photocodron, Photocodron Square, Light
Hensen Electronics (600570/sh) reported in the first quarter of 2023 on the four main areas of content creation, compliance, consulting, management and operation, respectively: a significant increase in profits in the first quarter and the continuation of the logic of efficiency gains
Realizing the 2023/05/05 \triangleright significant improvement in the quality of operations to meet the starting point of the technology innovation cycle
Companies have the space for valuation restoration and maintain a “recommended” rating. A new round of equity incentives is issued to meet the new starting point for capital market reform. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.