It's a full-blown boost, and the big model opens up the internal commercial speed up, and it keeps the "buy-in" rating.
In three quarters, corporate performance grew robustly, and efficiency gains continued to be evident. Corporate finance models have been set in motion in a number of institutions, and ow45 and uf3.0 innovations are expected to accelerate their escalation. We maintain profitability forecasts and robust performance growth, and the efficiency gains continue to show.
In the single three quarters of 2023, the company achieved revenue of 1,541 million yuan, an increase of 14.02 per cent over the same period, a net return rate of 71.69 per cent for the third quarter, an increase of 1.59 percentage points over the same period. The Division of Marketing, Management and Research and Development Costs continued to control cost growth, profits grew faster than revenues, and efficiency gains continued to be realized.
• Financial mega-models are going to be upgraded by starting up the pace of internal commercialization. In June, the company released the financial mega-model lightgpt and related new items. In October, the corporate model was going to be upgraded by a further pound: (1) performance, 15 per cent improvement in the overall impact of the model, 13 per cent increase in safety compliance and speed of reasoning.
50 per cent, with financial institutions having access to lightgpt-7b sources; (ii) deployment, reasoning and training in a comprehensive fashion; (iii) deployment in support of “privatization + maas” blends; and (iii) application, with 200 billion Chinese tokens, to achieve financial multi-sector application coverage, and (iii) access to lightgpt is investing in and contributing to multi-sector applications.
In September, the company’s large model product was launched for 20 gold-based institutions, with an open lightgpt interface and photon capabilities tested, and business moved rapidly to the ground.
• Full upscaling of unprofitable growth, push-up speeds & IT-complimentation, o45 and uf3.0 are expected to accelerate upgrades (1) Capital Line, September China Po Fund switch from o32 to o45, first achieved in company o45
Performance pre-expected, i-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A. So far, o-45 has been set up, with the advance of financial innovation and the sticking case time - Corporate Information Update - 2023.7.17.
As an example, o45 is expected to accelerate progress in public fund-raising. (2) The wealth line, officially released in October by the company, continues to improve the level of profitability, focuses on the Buf3.0-stored trading product produced by the ai, achieves full-scale self-innovation, meets client confidence-building needs, and adopts it.
Development Opportunities - Corporate Information Updates (CIR) A self-researched memory database with a significant increase in trading performance, with the first securities firm expected to be online in the course of the year.