The company published its three-quarter report in 2023, which generated $4.368 billion in operating income in the first three quarters, compared to the previous three quarters.
The net profit of the shareholders of the company was $160 million, an increase of 49.47 per cent over the previous period; the market value of the liquiditya share (millions of dollars) of the non-mortality net profit realized continued to decrease efficiency gains and the business portfolios grew steadily.
Companies continue to fine-tune their management costs and reduce efficiency gains further to ensure that their overall performance is growing rapidly. By branch, the company’s seven main lines of operations performed robustly in the first three quarters of 2023, with core business wealth services/management of science and technology services/operational and institutional science and technology services.
Fine management achieves efficiency gains, premium-distribution equity incentives, insurance cores and financial infrastructure technology services, 2023q1-q3, respectively, generate business income, performance growth is robust, and large models are expected to offer new opportunities
Cost control has worked well, new products are being promoted, financial models have been upgraded, and photon series large model products have been landing at an accelerated rate.
Since its launch at the end of June, the big financial model Lightgpt has increased its overall model effectiveness by 15 per cent, safety compliance by 13 per cent, reasoning by 50 per cent, and financial institutions have achieved the opening source of lightgpt-7b, and the full range of reasoning and training has been set up as a series.
In addition, multi-model applications based on photons were published, including large-model applications of photon-based large models, mainly photons.
The intellectual transformation of the Xia Qingjing industry has also opened up new opportunities for company business expansion.
At the 2023 Helium Finance Technology Congress, the company released a self-researched uf3.0 memory transaction. In terms of technological innovation, the product achieved full-scale self-innovation, aggregation of ecological manufacturers, building basic hardware and hardware from chips, servers, webcards, operating systems, databases, etc.
Auto-innovation system; database selection, using a permanent self-researched memory database. In addition, the product is designed to meet the needs of hybrid deployments by unifying hardware and system differences through the platform layer, reducing the compatibility of top-level applications and supporting cross-platform communications.
And the exchange of information, the elimination of problems in the process of autonomous innovation by financial institutions, contributes to the construction of the corporate innovation ecology, and is another important new member in the area of business. Profit predictions and investment proposals: we maintain a profit forecast for companies, which is expected to be 2023-
Risk factors: less than expected product delivery; less than expected intellectual products; less than expected capital markets; less than expected technology development.