Permanent electronic (600570) computer uf3.0 memory version officially released and q3 cost-end continuous improvement at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: company performance reports issued for the first three quarters of 2023, with revenues of $4.37 billion achieved for the first three quarters of 23 years, an increase of 16.9 per cent compared to the previous quarter; net returns to mothers of $610 million, an increase of +5179.0 per cent compared to the previous quarter; net returns to non-return to mothers of $54,000, an increase of 62.8 per cent compared to the same amount of $1.54 billion achieved for unit q3, an increase of +14.0 per cent;
The net profit is now 160 million yuan for the mother, +49.5 per cent for the year; the net profit from the non-mother is 270 million yuan, +23.3 per cent for the year; wealth and management technology is growing steadily, and the version in the core trading system is officially launched.
Area: On 19 October, the company officially released the uf3.0 memory version of the transaction, using self-researched memory databases to replace some of the traditional relationship databases, to support efficient access to the storage of a large volume of business data, to improve the processing speed of the transaction, and to achieve full coverage of the 24h1 transaction nodes in November, when it was expected to be on line with a securities dealer
• The cost side has continued to improve, and the downstream pay-off pace has slowed slightly. 23 months ago, Māori rates in companies were slowed by the same rate of confirmed payments by financial institutions, single-q3 sales of goods, cash received for the provision of services and large-scale photon application products released at the same time as the same time, and Lightgpt capacity was the same as gpt3.5.
Hensen Electronics held a financial technology conference on the theme "Smart Reconstructing Extremely" and released the latest edition of the gold-rich model lightgpt and large-scale model applications based on lightgpt series. This upgrade was followed by a larger Lightgpt model capability that was increased in the overall model effect compared to the version released at the end of June.
15%, safety compliance increased by 13%, reasoning increased by 50%, and the current lightgpt-7b model has also achieved a full range of 910 series for reasoning and training. In addition, the photon system deals with business scenes such as customer service, compliance, operation, marketing, customer service, research, etc.
Supportive decision-making by service providers to help financial institutions achieve efficiency gains. • Profit forecasting and investment proposals: companies have issued versions of the core trading system, and given the company ' s multi-year-led technological advantages, it is expected to increase the market share of the core business system in the new round in the future; and
Permanent Electronics (600570): 23h1 growth robust, a new round of equity incentives to build confidence and expected risks; risk of fair value fluctuations in financial assets, etc.
Permanent Electronics (600570); Bonds Technical Input Threshold; Upgrade; New Landmark Power 6. Helium Electronics (600570); Capital Market Reform Wave
At the top of the tide, he is still “severe” (2022-12-03) and will not receive, either directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.