Shinwon shares (002714.sz): Growth by column 22 August 2025 Cost optimization and high corporate performance
The country's largest self-sustaining enterprise.
One of the large-scale, integrated pig-breeding enterprises, one of the largest pig-breeding enterprises in the country, is the same number (38394,000 commodity pigs, 8.291 pigs and 225,000 pigs).
Long 44.84%. The company’s high growth rate, which is expected to reach 72-78 million commodity pigs throughout the year, has dropped to $12.1/kq, down to $11.8/kq in July, followed by a decline in technological innovation and fine-tuning tubes, and the company’s co-mortality rate is higher than that of pig-breeding plots, with the cost of continued optimization.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: The slaughter capacity has increased significantly and profitability is expected to improve continuously. 25h1 companies together slaughtered 1,144.48 million pigs, an increase of 110.87 per cent compared to the previous year, an increase of 78.72 per cent in capacity utilization and a loss of around $100 million.
Continued improvements in slaughtering operations have benefited from companies’ active marketing and marketing channels. In the future, companies will continue to upgrade their operations and services, promote product upgrading and optimize customer structures, and further increase the profitability of slaughtering operations.
In the first half of the year, the company was actively following the opening of overseas markets, establishing Viet Nam's Shinwon Company Limited in March, and moving to Hong Kong in May.
The company has now set up an overseas business team, which is currently exploring overseas operations through the light asset model, and will explore a diversified development model in the future, taking into account local market conditions.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We continue to appreciate the company’s central cost advantages as a raw pig leader, and the company is expected to make significant profits through cost optimization. We expect the company to return to its mother 12, 11, and 8 times its 25-27 year rating, maintaining a “very recommended” rating.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, Shinwon shares (002714.sz): Growth costs optimized, company performance increased, Eastern sources of financial and intellectual prosperity
East Hing Securities Company reports that Shinwon shares (002714.sz): Growth costs are optimized and the company's performance increased.
A breakdown of the sub-sectors, such as Xianxyzun, forage, and pet food.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.