We've got a fast increase in the number of entries and slaughters, and a mid-year review of herd shares (002714) in 2025.
The sharp increase in performance was mainly due to faster growth in pig-breeding and slaughter operations. In the first half of 2025, companies sold 38.394 million commodity pigs (including a combined sale to meat-graining subsidiaries), 1.1448 million butchered pigs, an increase of 110.8 per cent compared to the 110.8 per cent, which accounted for the targeted slaughter of pigs on more than the size of the country.
6.2 per cent of slaughter at slaughter companies; company sales of 12.736 million tons of fresh, frozen pork were completed, an increase of 105.4 per cent compared with the previous half of the year, and corporate farm operations generated revenue of 75.446 billion yuan, an increase of 34.68 per cent compared with the previous half, mainly benefiting from increased sales of raw pigs and a recovery in pig prices; slaughtering, meat and meat.
In 2024, the company fully spent about $14/kg on pig farming. During the first half of 2025, the company ' s production performance continued to improve, the cost of pig farming declined monthly, and pig breeding, nutritional formulations, intelligent applications, etc., were introduced through technological innovation and fine-tuning of tubes.
The slaughter business is growing rapidly. The company has been actively expanding its distribution channels for slaughtering meat during the first half of the year.
By the end of June 2025, the company ' s slaughtering and meat industry had set up more than 70 service stations in 20 provincial districts of the country. As the company opened up its marketing channels, it used 78.72% of its production capacity in the first half of the year.
Increased efficiency in the operation of built-in slaughterhouses, improved capacity utilization, and enhanced slaughterhouses Investment proposal: The company is a high-quality leader in pig-breeding in the country, with an advantage of size, integrated industry, chain advantage, cost control, etc., is expected to continue to increase domestic market ownership. The company will continue to do so.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.