The cost-side advantage continues to increase, with slaughtering abroad opening up the incremental market.
On September 22, a strategic partnership agreement was signed with the central radio station. The cost is expected to continue to fall, with the farming industry leading.
In the first half of 2025, the company sold 46.91 million pigs, or +44.8% of the total, of which 38394,000 were commercial pigs.
829.1 million pigs and 225,000 pigs, respectively +34.7% of the same year, have a leading role in the industry. Full year-round cost target is $12/kg, which has been reduced to $11.8/kg as of July and is expected to be at the end of the year.
Lower to $11/kg. Cost control is largely due to breeding and management excellence, and companies will improve their production performance in the future by upgrading breeding technology and upgrading management effectiveness, while raising the price of raw materials and so on.
On 23rd, the average national price of a triple-dollar pig fell to $12.6/kg, farmed pigs, and 2nd, Herdsman's share (002714); and performance is expected to continue under pressure and cost advantages or drive a reversal in performance.
Loans to optimize the cost of financing, return to the buyer, 3 Q3 performance, q3 performance, expansion of the industrial chain in slaughtering operations and further development of overseas farming
Growth is expected to materialize, farm costs continue to fall, and in the context of the downside of pig prices, opening up other potentially growth-oriented businesses is a solid means of coping with price risks.
3.3 million people, with sustainable cost-efficient development paths in the future. The future growth of companies is reflected mainly in slaughtering operations and overseas farming: 1,415,000 pigs were slaughtered in the first half of the year, compared to 111% in the previous year.
As of June, the slaughter and meat industry had set up more than 70 service stations in 20 provincial districts throughout the country, and the company continued to develop the slaughter business, helping to break through the entire industrial chain, further consolidating cost advantages and boosting production.
It is expected that the slaughtering industry will increase further, or become a net profit growth point. Companies also develop overseas farming, take advantage of the company, develop space and markets in the global pig-breeding industry, take advantage of new opportunities, and promote new opportunities.
In March 2025, the formula was set up in Vietnam, and in May it was prepared to market the shares of the port in order to open up more markets overseas. The potential of slaughtering and overseas operations, under the influence of the persistently depressed prices of pigs, was also raised.
This growth will give companies the hard power to fight against the risk of pig prices. Multi-point quality monitoring, strong meat dominance, and the company’s long-standing home-breeding business orientation are new to the “meat” approach.
The company has a well-developed “711” food safety and quality assurance system with relevant safety certifications and feed links.
After gfsi's recognition of fssc22000, the farming process passed through China-gap; 6 farms and interior complexes were equipped with in-country equipment for living pigs in Hong Kong; 33 farms were equipped to export animal raw materials; and 10 slaughterhouses passed through Is09001.
Haccp, four are certified as state-level standardized slaughterhouses, one as an ice pig, and one as a state-level green factory.
The division’s cost advantage is that good and cheap pork further enhances the competitiveness of the company’s meat-eating market, or will lead to significant growth in the company’s meat-eating business. The company’s farm-breeding size is leading, and the cost advantage of farming continues to grow.
Epidemics, price volatility of live pigs, price volatility of raw materials, insufficient short-term demand
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific advice or opinion given in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See. For all consequences arising from the basis or use of this report, Chinese securities and/or their associates