The company's financial position is good, and it's in the first half of the year.
The net cash flow from camp activities was $17,351 million, an increase of 12.13 per cent over the same period; as of the second quarter, the assessment was that the cost of farming was significant and the slaughter business was significantly reduced
The company sold 46.91 million live pigs (yoy+44.84%), of which 38,394,000 were commodity pigs. The cost of farming was reduced from $13.1/kg per month in January to $11.8/kg per month in July.
The company’s annual cost target is $12/kg. By the end of June 2025, slaughter and meat operations had been set up in 20 provincial districts of the country for a maximum/minimum price of 52 weeks.
More than 70 service stations. The company will continue to improve the efficiency of the operation of the built slaughterhouses and increase the profitability of the slaughtering operations.
At the same time, the company announced a medium-term profit distribution scheme, which is intended to find 9.32 yuan (including taxes) in the gold dividend of Qin Ying Lin for every 10 shares of all shareholders, representing a total of $5.02 billion (including taxes) in the second half of 2025.
The profit distribution is not less than 40% of the available profit distribution that was realized in the current year. Higher corporate profitability forecasts, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, are robust, cost declines are faster than expected, and we have higher corporate profitability forecasts.
Growth, cost advantages, looking at corporate development prospects, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available, and, through independent judgement and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.