The company's performance has increased and the commodity pig's full cost has improved on a monthly basis.
The high performance of 2502 companies and the continued improvement in the Māori rate are mainly due to the continued optimization of pig farming and significant growth in the volume of pig sales. The combined Māori ratio of 25H1 companies is 19.02%, compared to 45% for h1 companies, with total cost of less than $12.1/kg in June.
A total of 46,910.0 million pigs were born (year-on-year +44.83 per cent), of which 38,394,000 were commercial pigs, 8,291 million were pigs and 225,000 were planted; the average price of commercial pig sales was estimated at approximately $14.46/kg, and the total cost was less than $12.1/kg in June of the same year, and the successor company continued to do so through technological innovation and precision management.
By the end of 25q2, public H1 slaughtered meat earned +94 per cent of the same amount and produced capacity utilization nearly 79 per cent. 25h1 combined butchered pigs, 114.14 million head, sold fresh, frozen and other pork products, 127.36 million tons; slaughtered meat and meat products
In late June, the company established more than 70 service stations in 20 provincial districts of the country. As the company opened up its sales channels, the utilization of 25h1 capacity reached 78.72%.
Investment proposals: The company leads the way in the cost of raising a pig for its leader in the pig-breeding industry. Consider the next company's efficiency/cost optimization, the relatively smooth running of pig prices, and the profits or availability of pig-breeding.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the present report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than the present report.