Topper Group (601689.sh) short-term performance pressure, light-quantified and auto electronics continued to advance, raising the growth rate and net profits below expectations.
The company ' s performance in 2018 was lower than we had previously expected, mainly due to: (i) the failure to meet production and sales targets as planned by the car electronics project (ibs, vp) as a result of the boom in the automobile industry: (iii) the impact of higher raw materials prices, higher overhead costs and a higher decline in Māori rates and net interest rates.
After a short period of pressure on the business, with the industry warming and the release of orders, revenue growth is expected to pick up again. Starting in the second half of 2018, the company’s netvh (shock absorbers and interior features) revenue growth slowed significantly, as the automobile industry swollen in 2019.
Gradual warming (in March 2019, the same profit sales were reversed and the same general sales were reduced by less than the previous few months) and new orders were gradually released (nvh convulsioners developed by companies in conjunction with the General Global Synchronization) The demand for company product packages is expected to grow somewhat.
The business layout of the bottom-plate system continues to improve and is expected to grow at a faster rate. In 2018, the company’s bottom-plate system earned $1.167 billion, an increase of 220.60 per cent over the same period, and in 2018, the business income is about $700 million in operating income and about $50 million in net profit, after deduction of the impact of Fordonna’s cumulation (according to the company’s previously disclosed performance Quick Report, Fudona achieved operating income in 2018).
The company's light-quantized chassis products are now in the new energy-type systems of customers such as Gilly, Biadey, Tesla, benefiting from a rapid global wave of new energy vehicles, and is expected to generate revenues from the chassis system.
Automobile e-business opens up long-term growth space and waits for the project to land. Taking into account that (1) Automobile Electronics Air Pumps (evp) are currently in the build-up and production-up phase, and (2) Smart Brakes (ibs) are still in the validation and pre-promotion phase, the company has extended the construction of the vp and ibs project until May 2022.
The company now has some early advantage in the field of smart driving (a third generation of vp products has been developed), with the Tupou Group: q3 performance slowing down, Māori rates continuing to be able to follow, and automobile electronics gradually becoming more dynamic or opening up long-term growth space for the company.
Investment proposals: short-term corporate performance has slowed, but with industry warming and new orders releasing, performance has grown. Top Group: harvest growth is robust, net profit short-term pressure is high, speed is expected to pick up, and light-quantified and intelligent driving has opened up opportunities for companies to grow in the medium and long term.
Topper Group: Performance meets expectations and future benefits from ownership Topper Group: Deeply strapped to high-quality, autonomous leadership enterprises, Topper Group: Quarterly report performed well, with high performances throughout the year
First, the growth in net profits was lower than expected (ibs, vp) and the production and marketing targets were not achieved as planned: (3) the increase in the price of raw materials, the increase in overhead costs, and the decline in the Māori rate and net interest rates were higher.
Increase of 0.66 percentage points and decrease of 0.25 percentage points. The larger increase in the management cost rate is due mainly to depreciation of equipment and R & D costs.
Starting with a sustained pressure on corporate performance, further slowing of the growth of q4 and net profit rates, with Māori rates, net profit ratios and ratios showing greater visibility, figure 7: Māori rates and net interest rates for companies for nearly 10 quarters, figure 8: three cost rates for companies for nearly 10 quarters
II. The growth rate of traditional operations slowed, light-quantified and intelligent driving opened up medium- and long-term space income, with a faster growth of bottom-plate systems operations (due to the Fordona scale); and the Māori rate of operations, with respect to Māori
In the second half of 2018, as a result of the decline in the sale of cars by major downstream customers (Girl, General, etc.), the company ' s operations were Nvh (several shock absorbers and interior apparel devices) with short-term pressure.
Income growth has slowed considerably. We expect that, with the gradual warming of the car industry in 2019 (in March 2019, the profit sales were negative and the upward general sales were narrower than in the previous months) and that new orders were gradually released (the Nvh seismator, developed by the company and China in parallel with the world, is expected to be produced globally in March 2019, amounting to $1.68 billion.
The demand for company product packages is expected to grow somewhat. Figure 11: The single-month sales and speed increases of Gilly's cars. The bottom-plate system business layout continues to improve and is expected to grow faster.
The revenue of the business grew by about 28%, after deducting the impact of the Fodonna cumulation (which, according to the company ' s previously disclosed performance report, achieved operating income of about $700 million in 2018 and net profit of about $50 million). The company ' s light-quantified chassis product has now entered the new energy vehicle-type support system of its clients, Gili, Biadey, Tesla, to benefit from the rapid roll-out of new energy vehicles around the world.
In 2016, companies raised an additional $2.8 billion for smart brake systems (ibs) and auto electronic vacuum pumps (vp). On the other hand, companies followed the international front.
So far, three generations of products, such as cylindrical electronic vacuum support pumps, foliage electronic vacuum support pumps and leaf vacuum independent pumps for new-energy vehicles, have been developed to supply and apply to a variety of energy-efficient models to a large number of customers. In 2018, the product was received at $126 million, an increase of 13.77 per cent.
Taking into account that: (1) vp is currently at the stage of capacity building and productivity climbing; (2) ibs is still at the advanced stage of certification and market forecasting, the company has extended the construction period of the two projects until May 2022. The company now has a certain pre-eminence in the field of smart driving (a third generation of vp products has been developed), with production capacity in place, and automobile electronics are gradually active or open to the company.
The short-term performance of companies has slowed, but is expected to pick up as industry warms and new orders are released, with lightly quantifiable increases in the volume of vehicles sold by downstream customers; and the smart driving system project has not progressed as expected.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data