On October 20, 20, 2021, the company issued a three-monthly report, and the net profit increase was faster than expected by 2021.
This was 30.1% increase in the same year, and profitability increased considerably. As of 21q3, the company's total assets were 4.85 trillion, and Cao Xuante grew by 12.72% from the end of 20 years, with loans and advances of 2.9 trillion yuan, up from the end of 20 years.
The larger increase was due mainly to the significant increase in net profit from the parent, the attribution of the company ' s 21q3 performance to the total operating income of 21q3, the improvement in the quality of the company ' s assets and the decline in credit costs as drivers of the increase in performance
Corporate asset quality continues to improve. 21q3, the high growth in corporate performance is largely driven by lower credit costs.
Corporate non-performing lending preponderant indicators fluctuate. 21q3 is concerned about the decline in loan rates and late loan rates, respectively, of 2bps, which continue the downward trend in net interest differentials since the second quarter, with interest-bearing asset yields falling by 8bps, which is the main reason for the decline in net interest differentials, with interest-bearing liability cost ratios at 1bps below a small margin.
In terms of interest-bearing assets, the company's preference for risk-reduction options and positive policy responses to customers is 8 bps lower than interest-bearing.
The effectiveness of the five new one-size-fits-all model for retailing has initially been evident. In the first three quarters of 2021, companies advanced in the implementation of the new “five-bit-one” model, with significant progress in building modules and an initial demonstration of the driving effect of business growth.
The wealth management client base is further consolidated and the private sector’s wealth size is growing at a high rate. 21q3, the company’s wealth clientele, 10.591 million households, an increase of 13.4 per cent compared to the end of the year, of which 16.777 million are private clients, an increase of 18.2 per cent compared to the end of the year; the company’s management of retail customer assets (aum) has broken out by 3 trillion.
This represents an increase of 16.3% compared to the end of the previous year, with private clients aum with a balance of $1.34 trillion, representing an increase of 20.5% over the previous year ' s revenue of $6.44 billion from wealth management fees earned by companies (excluding the agent ' s precious metals business).
Investment proposals: We continue to look at the contribution of the Peace Group to corporate business and the new "Five Ones" model, which injects new energy into the company’s retail operations. On the basis of these considerations, we have seen a significant increase in the net profit of the company’s return, with 21q3 operating gross revenue of $12.79 billion, or 9.12%, compared to the net return of the company.
We attribute the company’s 21q3 performance to better asset quality and lower credit costs as drivers of higher performance 21q3 and the high growth in corporate performance is largely driven by lower credit costs. The clean-up, which largely benefited from the company’s bad baggage, led to improvements in asset quality, with companies preparing $52,585 million in asset impairments in the first three quarters of the year 21.
Corporate non-performing lending preponderant indicators fluctuate. 21q3 is concerned about loan rates and late lending rates of 1.37%, respectively, as a result of companies’ initiative to strengthen risk identification in the face of the risk of a slowdown in the margins of economic recovery.
Figure 5: Increase in corporate lending ratios (%)
In terms of interest-bearing assets, the company’s choice of risk-reduction preferences for its customers and its active policy of responding to them are the main reasons for falling interest-producing asset yields. 21q3 companies have interest-bearing asset yields of 4.90%, a decrease of 8bps compared to 21q2.
The decline of the ring 5bps is mainly due to the positive response of companies to the policies of the economy of concessionary entities to reduce the cost of enterprise financing, and the rate of return on corporate loans falls with the city. The average interest rate on individual loans is 7.36%, and the ring falls by 14bps, mainly for the public sector to increase credit investment in low-risk operations and high-quality guest groups, and to strengthen policies in priority areas such as inclusion and consumption.
In addition, the average interest rates for bond investments and instruments discounting and for business associations have fallen to varying degrees, mainly as a result of the relative monetary easing. The cost of debt securities and corporate liabilities has been reduced.
1.3 The effectiveness of the five new one-size-fits-all model for retailing is beginning to show that “five one” is a new development model that is client-centred, data-driven, technologically and technologically reaching out to the widest population of products and services of “temperature”.
Implementation of the new “Five Ones” model has seen significant progress in building modules, with initial contributions to business growth. The wealth management client base has become stronger and the size of the private sector has continued to grow at a high rate. 21q3, with 1,059.1 million owners of corporate wealth, representing an increase of 13.4 per cent compared to the end of the year, of which 167.7 million were private sector clients, compared to the previous year.
Of these, private sector clients aum had a balance of $1.34 trillion, an increase of 18.7 per cent compared with the end of the previous year. Wealth management revenues grew faster and non-monetary public fund holdings increased faster. Companies achieved $6.44 billion in wealth management fees (excluding surrogate precious metals) in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 20.5 per cent.
The non-monetary public fund maintains a size of $142,478 million, an increase of 57.2 per cent from the end of the previous year and 69.3 per cent from the end of the previous year.
Second-time sales are injected with new energy. Overall, the company reports three quarters of an overpredictable period, where the quality of the company’s assets continues to be good and the company’s preference for retail loan customers is lower, the company’s credit costs will decrease, and there will be scope for future profits.
On the basis of the above considerations, we have made an upward adjustment to the net profit growth rate of the company, which is expected to return to the company in 2021-2023. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There will be no change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are independent of the company and the author.