In 2022, the advertising industry hit the ground with a high-quality content supply of 2023, and it's very promising to recover from a mango supermix (300413.sz) incident evaluation report.
zhuzhu@cfsc.com.cn 10,000) raises the member’s viscous and renewal rates through members’ operations such as the innovative two-platform “Mango drama” and “m-club” (Mango Welfare Society).
But in the medium term, the video is not focused on the pursuit of membership, and the costs and subsidies are relatively reduced and gradually tilted towards quality and monetization.
It is expected that Mango’s membership strategy will stabilize, leading to a relatively stable income for its members. In the second place, advertising, 2022 advertising revenues fell 27%, or $3.98 billion, compared to the previous year.
In terms of industry, the size of the Internet advertising market in China is 508.8 billion yuan (6.38 per cent lower than in the same year), looking ahead to 2023, where mainstream value-oriented content is effectively balanced with user-specific content, and the digital economy is building a new engine for healthy development.
The accelerated implementation of the “Rural Renewal” strategy has brought new growth opportunities to the Internet advertising market.1 Mango Supermomentation (300413): Advertising
Mangotv, in collaboration with three major operators, actively explores the integration of members ' and operators ' interests and quarterly improvements in quality content provision.
2 Mango SuperMechanism (300413), 2022: The second half of the second quarter of the year, which saw significant improvement in the ring, was still excellent.
Qualitative content supply 2022-08-18 3 and the Mango Report * are still growing.
Media (300413): In 2022, at the end of the policy, the 14th Cultural Plan emphasized the creation of content-building as a fundamental element, with an incremental period of *220425* Juju 2022-
Innovative media practices, modes of communication and modes of operation, with institutional advantages and market roles to enhance mainstream media competition; and firm-level initiatives to create a deep integration of mango ecosystems to further strengthen quality.
The ip resource team has the advantage, the core competitiveness of the high-threshold long video field, and it expands the two-platform advantage and widens the value of the two-platform.
"Go to the Winds" was the best play ever, followed by "My Fire of Love" in the show, "The Woman's Character" in "The White Castle" in the thin ice, and "The Sons of Mango" in the monsoon.
Apocalypse, 19th Floor, Valuables, and so on.
One of the key elements of the revenue increase is expected to be repaired in 2023. The “profit engine” radiation-driven high-quality industrial development, the cultural branding advantage of the mango industry and the ecological consolidation of the two-platform quality content, while the miniature power supply continues to grow.
The company completed the capital build-up and achieved a seven-fold gmv growth in 2022, with a daily rate of 2.06 million people) based on the expectation of the company's owner in 2023 to repair the build-up of mainstream media prices.
There are potential risks associated with their own factors, less-than-expected risks associated with the programme, the risk of brain drains, the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations.
So far: Bachelor of Science, Master of Finance, with experience in business, joined the League of China Securities Research Institute in November 2021, covering, inter alia, the Internet section of media games. This reflects my research. I have no reason, no reason, and I will not be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.