Mango Supermomentation (300413.sz) 2022. Mango Supermomentation.
The company is the first core chain of industry in a stock market that is characterized by integrated development, full access and ecological integrity of content, net profit after deducting non-recurring gains and losses of $1,554 million and $1.654 billion, a decline in comparison.
The state-owned new media company, which is also the Hunan Broadcasting and Video Group, has a single integrated media industry and capital operating platform under the banner of the Hunan Broadcasting and Television Corporation.
Mangotv's Internet video business, new media interactive entertainment, content production, content appliance, etc., as well as the impact of the evolving epidemiological situation; the company achieved a net return profit of 112 million in four quarters.
Highlights for the next three to six months: Low performance, mainly affected by the cost-settlement cycle for the production of the film; Debt payments and cross-equity presentations:
A slight drop in revenues from Mangotv Internet video business, as a result of the downside of Internet advertising. Mangotv Internet video business is expected to earn $10.4 billion in 2022, a decline of about 8 per cent in the same year: (1) Mangotv members are expected to earn $3.9 billion, an increase of 6 per cent in the same year; the main drivers of growth are members.
The growth in the number of active members at the end of 2022 was 59.16 million, a 14 per cent increase from the same year and a further increase in innovation; (b) due to a decline in the climate in the Internet advertising industry in the country; and (c) the estimated operating income of the operator of 2.5 billion yuan, a 19 per cent increase from the same year, mainly due to the company ' s enhanced strategic cooperation with China ' s mobile screen operations at the national level.
In order to achieve complementarity of resources and advantages, the business level in Hunan Province has been upgraded from “Hunaniptv” to “Mongo TV” and the new-style mini-modener is growing rapidly and is expected to be a new growth point for companies.
In terms of content promotion, the Xiaoman combines the quality of the pip resources of the two platforms, builds the Xiaoqiao community, organizes a number of thematic evenings in the first half of the year, such as the Day of the Young Man and the Xiaoqiao Man festival, and promotes a break-in and a shift in consumption;
By the end of 2022, the Hunan Watch and Mangotv platform had set up 48 teams, 29 self-made teams and 29 video groups.
In December 2022, the Hunan Guards and Man were numerous, rich in type, balanced in airtime, with a high proportion of their own productions; in the field of dramas, the Mangotv platform aired a relatively stable number of dramas throughout the year.
A parallel strategy between home-made and out-sourcing, with a focus on television and leading the market, has taken the lead in promoting film and video efficiency. Investment proposals: Corporate content ownership is strong, capable of producing quality content on a continuous basis, with both.
Further integration of Platform resources is expected to optimize the entire business chain. The company’s performance in 2023 is expected to be 32 x, 28 x, and 23 x, the source of financial excellence in the East, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Not as expected; (4) the epidemic affects the progress of content production. Click here to enter text.
Networking blocks, working with companies of excellence, are committed to leading the market in terms of investment opportunities in the industry. Closely tracking industrial trends, focusing on telecommunications, covering community socialization, Internet tourism, short videos, long videos, live broadcasts, music and audio books, and using the United States Mission as a core to track Internet developments in life-services.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The performance of Mango Supermix (300413.sz) in 2022 was assessed as a slight decline in performance throughout the year, and the stock of polycircles and dramas in 2023 was adequate and did not guarantee that the information and advice contained therein would not change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.