Mongo SuperMechanism (300413.sz) predicts that when the recovery is taking place, the strong content is the mogo supermomentation of the company's mounds (300413.sz)
In 2022, the company was expected to return to its mother-in-law, and in 2022, the advertising industry suffered a decline due to a high base increase in the epidemic. Macroeconomics and the epidemic affected the Internet advertising industry, the advertising industry was depressed, and the company was in a state of disarray throughout the year.
In the face of pressure and external challenges, companies insist on innovation as a driving force for development and sustainability, increasing the number of users in the provinces through the constant optimization of the payment model, with significant results, with the launch of Mangoca in 2022, in cooperation with China's mobile cooperation, meeting the individualization of the user community and the high number of users.
In 2023, there was a great deal of variety of topics. In 2023, there was a wave of wind and wind, and in 2023 there was a great variety of topics.
The popular music mix, which is well-received, and the platform ' s focus on a comprehensive Mango system, such as "Scope 3 " , " Time Concert 2 " , " Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo"
"Lives of the past" , "Seeing Your Lovers" , season 3 , "Hi, Saturday" , will be fully upgraded, and a new martial arts troupe — "The Unknown Men, The Real Warriors" — is to be expected; for the big parties, "Years of the Year, Year of the Young" , "Night of the Young" ,
The Chinese Spring Eve, the Won-night Festival, which incorporates innovative experiments like vr, xr, and the new tide visuals, has a variety of immersion experiences. In the case of video dramas, quality content continues to be supplied.
As of 20 January, the total amount of air traffic had risen to $2.16 billion, and the "open door" was sounded; then the homemade "Song Chi", the first of its kind, became one of Mango's top scenes in 2023; and my man was in the camp of love.
It is to be hoped that these high-quality content will continue to be supplied with the potential to boost the income of Mangotv members and their ranks.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
From 2016 to 2021, he worked on Skywind Securities, covering the Internet, games, advertising, electronics, etc., as well as research in the meta-cosmos and industry, with five years of research experience and long-term follow-up coverage of the Hong Kong-American stock market and the Internet industry.
B.A. Computers, Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, who worked in telecommunications for three years in the first market, five years of entrepreneurship (A.I., Virtual Digital People, etc.), has industrial experience in the fields of artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, and the Internet. Part of it has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, linked to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.