The country's top-notch, the sword is the top-notch, top-notch corporate shareholder, top-notch, top-notch industry is driving the construction of the top-notch world.
The company’s capital volume and business performance are among the highest in the industry, with 24q1 gross assets/net assets/business income/net profit from industry 2/No.2/No.2/
In 2023, none of the company’s main lines of activity was ranked beyond the top five in the industry. The company’s strategic path was clear, its implementation was strong, and its first three-step phase (2020-2022) was followed by a public fund-raising campaign and an ipo short board to advance the corporate customer service system.
For 16 years in a row, the company has received a CVM aa-level regulatory rating. We believe that Kyotien is expected to become a leader with combined strength and robust business performance.
Regulating the development of potential targets for two to three international first-class investment ventures. Business highlights: Retailing advantages, managing double-public fund-raising, investing in the ipo shortboards, and actively developing clients. 1) Wealth management: Brokering is at the top of the 2nd industry, “Consultation”
Fulfilling the competitive advantage, stock-based turnover and the market share of sales income have steadily increased, relying on the “Kon Hong” series terminal to drive the digital transformation of wealth management, which in 2023 invested in business clients' assets in the same ratio as +122 per cent, and wealth management in 2023.
3. Asset management: double-public fund-raising licence endowment, 2023 Institutions and transactions: optimized architecture and synergy mechanisms, significant growth in the number of institutional clients and asset sizes, top 2 in the hosting and outsourcing industry, active business development demand,
(5) International operations: active expansion of the international business map, based on the overseas operations carried out in the United States, Europe, Singapore, Hong Kong, Macao, China, Viet Nam, etc., with revenues from international operations equal to +54.9 per cent in 2023.
Period 3: 3) The equity market has not been repaired as expected. 1.1 Shareholders have a strong background, capital strength and integrated service capacity.
After the merger of the former Thai securities with the former Crown securities, in 1999, it was co-sponsored. As a leading trader with a strong shareholder background, the company actually controls the Shanghai International Group, the current chairman of the Shanghai Bank, Chu Jian, who was the Vice-Chairman of the Shanghai Bank.
President, former Chairman of the Board, He Qing, is currently the head of the Shanghai State Finance Committee. The company's vision is “to become a respected, fully leading and internationally competitive modern investment bank.” In March 2024, the CSRC released its Opinion on Enhancing Securities Companies and Public Fund Regulation to Accelerate the Construction of First Class Investment Banks and Investment Institutions, with the goal of generating 2 to 3 furniture by 2035.
Internationally competitive and market-led investment banks and investment agencies. We believe that a strong shareholder profile and strong capital strength, robust business style and industry-led combined service capacity can be expected to become potential targets for regulating progress in building international first-class investment ventures.
The number of shares held is only the number of shares held by the companies in question, i.e., 1.52 billion and 1.24 billion, respectively, h. Over the last two years, affected by the influence of goodwill and strong regulation, the performance of the entire industry, including the company, has declined, but the company, with the exception of a few years, has been in the top three branches of the industry for many years.
The company's roe is not only significantly higher than the industry, but also ranked first among the leading coupons. The company's roe is at 1.74 and 0.86 percentage points higher than the listed coupons, respectively. The company's roe 6.0% is annualized in 24q1.
Net assets are ranked third among top ten coupons. In addition, corporate manpower efficiency and control costs are under low pressure. In 2019-2023, the average cost of running the country's management fee as a percentage of operating income was 38.4%, and the cost rate was ranked third among top ten coupons of net assets, reflecting, on the one hand, the high human effectiveness of companies and, on the other hand, firm control in a context of strong regulation.
This relatively small downward pressure contributes to the stability of the workforce.
Figure 10: Taijun's management costs (average 2019-2023) are lower among top coupons, and balanced and comprehensive operational strengths create the capability of leading integrated services. Corporate business development is balanced, with a country-wide spread of radiation.
In the first five branches of the industry, 4/ 4/ 5/ 5 respectively, according to the regional layout, there are 37 securities branches, 344 securities offices and the third largest number of businesses. In addition, companies are actively engaged in international operations, investing in cross-border services, building an international business platform around the financial holdings of the country, and in China.
Hong Kong is engaged in brokering, business finance, asset management, lending and financing and financial products, markets and investments, and is actively engaged in the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia, among others. A comprehensive business layout and a balanced business capacity create a corporate-led, integrated service capacity, and a stronger basis for synergies among operations helps to create more jobs.
Figure 12: The layout of Taijun's offshore subsidiary (as of the end of 2023)
The company's medium- and long-term strategic development “three three-year three-step approach”: in 2020, in conjunction with the national and regional development strategies, with the corporate vision as the overall goal, the company proposes a phased and step-by-step implementation, the first three years (2020-2022), with a focus on modern investment banks that are respectful, fully leading and internationally competitive.
The strategic objectives of the first phase have been completed and are being implemented from the “supplementary board” to the “strength and strength”. The first three years (2020-2022), the “building of foundations and short-fixing” phase, involves the company's restructuring of the organizational structure around retail, business and institutional customer service systems, the creation of a wealth management committee and an international business committee that will conduct research and institutions, trade investments, etc.
The Business Council has been merged into the Institutional and Transaction Committees, among others. And the CAF has made up the short list of public fund-raising activities, implementing the reform of the Ministry of Investment and Industry, and raising the number of corporate ipo promoters from 7th place in 2019 to 3rd place in 2023.
Figure 13: The medium- and long-term development strategy of Taijun's "three steps in three years" became a respected, fully leading and internationally competitive modern investment bank
Core indicators are in the lead in the industry, consolidating the market position of the head bonder \longrightarrow
Figure 14: In 2019, compared to the 2023 structure of the organization of Taijun, 1.3 weights of compliance control are far away, with sustained promotion of autonomous financial science, technology and innovation, a focus on compliance control, and greater resilience in the regulatory cycle. Companies have always focused on compliance and wind control, and a sound culture of compliance is public.
One of the Division’s core competitiveness, faced with a new environment of increasingly stringent compliance controls, is the gradual consolidation of the corporate and unified risk management system base, which continuously strengthens the overall risk-prejudicing early warning and response capabilities. By 2023, companies had received a CVM a-level regulatory rating. At the end of 2023, the company’s risk coverage, liquidity coverage and net stable funding rates were respectively.
It also reduces business risks, and companies are expected to go further in the future under a more rigorous regulatory cycle. Increasing its investment in autonomous financial science, technology, and innovation on a continuous basis.
A digital wealth management platform, centred on Kang Hongapp, and an integrated corporate customer service platform, centred on Doo-app, have been developed, covering three types of customers: retail, institutional, business, and local ficc financial cloud, bond flow, clearing cloud, etc. The financial platform has contributed to the creation of an open securities cooperative ecology.
To be the first in the industry to carry out autonomous research and development and full-scale conversion of the New Generation's CBS, high-frequency high-speed trading service capacity, and to build up the competitiveness of pb operations in the context of the trend towards institutionalization of capital markets and specialization of customer demand. “Nategong An is the first to complete a record of algorithms as the only generating artificial intelligence in the industry.
Arithmetic, which guarantees companies the first legitimate compliance with the large model-enabling wealth management line. Continuously leading digitally transformed water, and financial science and technology development capabilities are powerful engines for companies to achieve high-quality development in terms of mitigation efficiency.
2. Business highlights: Retail dominance, short-term investment-management and institutional development needs to be coupled with significant increases in the share of management and investment income. The balance and importance of the country’s Thai government’s business development, which in 2016-2023 led to a decrease in the share of corporate revenue from light assets, mainly due to a decrease in commission rates, has led to a decline in the share of brokering income.
In 22 years, the share of income from post-capitalization operations increased significantly. In heavy asset operations, the share of credit business income declined significantly, while the share of investment business income rose significantly. 2024q1 was adjusted against the ipo and bond counter-cyclical, and the share of interest net revenue from investment and investment operations declined significantly.
2.1 Wealth management: Care-driven, technology-enabling Traditional Brokering consolidates its advantages and invests in the transformation of wealth management. Retailed Brokering is a traditional niche business for the Thai government, and companies, on the basis of maintaining leadership in the retail brokering industry, are investing in core capacity-building for buyers and steadily improving asset allocation capacity.
By the end of 2023, the size of the assets of the “Governance invested” clients had reached $12.7 billion, compared with 122%. The number of investment advisers in the industry had risen from 3694 to 3694.
At the same time, the company relies on the system of digitalized platforms and the new generation of innovative distributed core trading systems that cover both the field and the country.
At the end of 2023, the number of users reached 4,044,000, an increase of 3.7 per cent in the same year, and the average monthly activity of 7,963,000 in 2023, an increase of 10.1 per cent in the same year, with the average monthly activity ranked second among coupons.
Figure 22: Revenue structure of the Thai brokering industry
Figure 25: The number of users and monthly activity has risen steadily (in thousands of households) 2.2 Investment Bank: ipo operations are completed, bond underwriting is strong, investment income increases are higher than industry, and ipo operations are more effective. In 2020, the company launched a reform of the Ministry of Investment.
In 2019-2022, 8.9% of the revenue from the company’s operations were made more competitive in a new generation of priority industries such as information technology, new materials, new energy, etc. Bonds were well-established, and priority areas ranked first.
Firmly ahead of the industry. Since 2019, there has been an overall upward trend in corporate bond charges, with a steady increase in the market share, with a total of 79,581 million yuan in 2023, with a market share of 8.3 per cent and a third higher than the previous year +2.1pc, with the public and private debt owners accounting for $317.83 billion and the third in five consecutive years in the industry.
In 2023, the owner of the company took on the first class of corporate bonds, green corporate bonds (the caliber of the country's kings). Figure 26: The revenue of the company's investments in Thailand rose faster than the industry (millions of dollars). Figure 27: The market share of the company's business in Thailand (billions) has risen significantly.
In December 2020, the company's manager was awarded a license plate, 2022q4.
Management income accounts for 80% of corporate management income. In recent years, the 2022-Anse Foundation has been accelerating the diversification of the product structure of the company’s managers. It has produced a multi-product matrix covering active interests, fixed earnings, index operations, public fund-raising reits, and old-age products. As of 2024/07, the Huaan Fund was managed at the size of $625.8 billion, of which non-goods public fund-raising
The size of the Fund is $34,82.2 million, compared to 6.3%/+3.3% at the beginning of the year, while the size of private equity fund management in the IMF/Bonds Fund/Ends Fund ratio has continued to increase, and the country’s profit-making contribution has increased.
As of the end of 2023, there had been 38 investment management funds in Thailand, with a cumulative actual contribution of $40.79 billion in management funds, 62.10 billion in management funds, with net profits accounting for 2.7% of the net return of the country’s owner, and +0.9 pt.
Figure 33: HFA aum structure (millions of yuan) Figure 35: Increased contribution of the National Thai King-Ann initiative to net return profits (Billions 2.4 Institutions and Transactions: Optimizing Structures and Synergy Mechanisms, Active Development of Customer Businesses)
The company continuously optimizes its organizational structure and mechanisms of synergy, establishing the Institutional and Transaction Business Commission in 2021 to build a system of institutional customer services that is the leading in the industry, and continues to upgrade the capacity of specialized transaction services, with an end-of-cycle customer asset size of $60.9 billion in 2023, compared to the previous year.
In 2022, the company launched its first one-stop financial product trading service platform for institutional clients, the Combine Sales Service, which has grown rapidly since its launch, with a rapid increase in the volume of transactions, accumulated in 2023.
The size of the transaction and its end-of-service size amounts to $17.21 billion and $43.8 billion respectively, an increase of 514.6 per cent and 251.7 per cent, respectively, and the active development of client business and a robust return on investment. Corporate transactional investment activities revolve around the creation of “excellent financial asset dealers” and a positive shift towards client demand, a determined transition to low-risk, non-directional, and a steady increase in transaction pricing capacity and customer service.
In 2023, there was a cumulative increase in the nominal principal of the company's off-site derivatives, $884 billion, the same ratio + 16.9%, with 68 stock fairs, ranked third in the industry. In the field of ficc, the company was constantly strengthening off-site finance, the cloud and the branding of the "Nategong safe" were built, and in late 2023, the "Nategong safe" covered 1,100 clients.
The easy size of $637.1 billion creates a stronger branding effect. As of 2024/03, the size of the combined caliber financial assets (transactional financial assets + investment in claims + investment in other claims + investment in other equity instruments + investment in derivative financial assets) stood at $455.6 billion, representing less exposure to beneficial assets and a more robust return on investment.
Figure 39: The number of products and the size of assets outsourced under the custody of the State of Thailand has continued to increase 2.5 international operations: the promotion of cross-border integration and overseas deployment The company has made effective progress in recent years in cross-border integration and internationalization of its operations. In 2023, companies accumulated cross-border derivatives
After two consecutive years of decline in corporate international business revenues in 2020, the company recovered 2.16 billion yuan in 2023, i.e. +54.9% in Hong Kong, China.
The company seeks opportunities to diversify its operations in the global capital market through the opening and deepening of international operations.
The company’s market share is considered to be the average for the last three years, and the premium rate is the highest 24h1.
3 Investment management: The size of pooled funds and fund management has grown faster since the acquisition of public fund-raising licences by KASTAC, and since now the size of the industry has recovered steadily (by 24/06 compared to +9.3 per cent at the beginning of the year), based on the very low size of the corporate management fund, which is heavily influenced by market conditions, and careful predictions of the size of the management of the GWAF Africa Fund for 24-26 years
Assuming that the corporate leverage rate (excluding the client bond) for 24-26 years is maintained at a five-fold rate for 23 years. ... Except for a slight decline in the share of assets in the asset pool, the remaining asset allocation ratio is maintained at the rate of counterpart asset allocation in the latest financial statements.1 Self-employed operations: the client category of corporate investment transactions accounts for a relatively high share of business, with a relatively robust return on investment based on investments in the second half of the year.
The annual rate of return on investment is based on corporate equity/non-equity self-equity ratios that remain unchanged, and the 25/26 year core equity index/debt ratio is 2 credit operations: the financing balance changes with market activity, bonding operations are subject to regulation in the short term, and the size of robust business performance will be a potential target for two to three international first-class investment promotions.
Focus on compliance controls, and be more resilient during a strong regulatory cycle. A clear strategic path for companies, strong enforcement, first three-step one, downside macroeconomics, risk avoidance for investors: lower capital markets, lower incomes for residents and lower risk preferences, could lead to lower equity, fund investment and impact on corporate business growth.
Capital market reforms are less than expected: capital markets, the introduction of securities-related policies are more relevant to the operations of securities firms, and capital market reforms are less rapid and less effective than expected to be the business development of equity markets.3 Equity market repairs are less than expected: equity market performance has a direct impact on market turnover and investment returns, and hence on the impact of equity market performance.
Business lines such as corporate brokerage, financial management, self-employment, credit, if the equity market is not repaired as expected, or will result in an analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the corporate market