The company issued a fifth generation of single-crystal furnaces in May 2323, bringing ultraconductive magnetic field technology into the photovoltaic field and eliminating the same technology.
By early July 23, about 3,500 equipment orders had been signed for the fifth generation of single-crystal furnaces, with nearly 300 superconducted magnetic fields expected to be deployed this year, and the introduction of new products will release orders that are likely to contribute to improved company performance.
The company, in the field of semiconductor large silicon equipment, has developed crystal growth, slices, processing, and cvd equipment, which has achieved almost full coverage and bulk sale of 8-12 inches of large silicon equipment; and 6 inches of power semiconductors.
The bulk sale of carbon silicon extension equipment and the rapid increase in the volume of orders, the quality of the product having reached the national lead water level, and the successful development of an internationally advanced 8-inch single-inch silicon excavator growth facility, which now blends up to 4 per cent of homogeneity, are expected to lead the technological upgrading of the domestic carbon silicon industry.
The company’s extension of the industrial chain layout based on crystal-material growth and processing technology has already gained competitive advantages in the sapphire, quartz, and tungsten wire lines. The company’s sapphire scale has been raised from 300 kgg to 450 kgg.
Successfully producing the world's leading 700-kg-class sapphire crystals; issuing tungsten wire products with high tensile strength, good resilience, high breakage, better suited to “large size + thinning” silicon cutting; and, in the context of tight supply and demand of domestic quartz, accelerating the construction of the Ningxia production base, yielding revenue and profitability
The company will improve its overall competitiveness through a combination of innovations in core consumption, and the new material business is expected to become Lu Jung-yeon.
The company was driven by a two-engine "equipment plus materials" engine, which introduced photovoltaic innovation equipment to obtain bulk orders and extended the layout of high-end equipment products in the semiconductor industrial chain, with the production and release of new materials becoming the second growth curve.
(b) Macroeconomic downside, market demand drops; prices of raw materials fluctuate significantly; and policy changes in the photovoltaic sector.
The team has a deeper stock of industrial resources in advanced manufacturing, civil-military integration, new energy, new materials, etc., is good at top-down industrial chain research and resource integration, looking at the transformational upgrading of Chinese manufacturing, and is committed to exploring the direction of strategic and emerging industries, offering comprehensive services to a second-tier market, and expanding the depth and breadth of production integration to generate value for the market.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to another person.