The light-voltage single-crystal furnace is wired down to the superconductor magnet at its first stage, and the fifth generation of low-oxy monocrystal furnaces will be released in the near future on the 12th of August 2023.
Research assistant Li Wenji, keyword: # Second Curve, Event: On August 11th, at the first stage of the light-volted straight-up transistor furnace developed by Crystal Electronics.
Quantified superconductor magnets were successfully delineated. The luminous superconductor magnets began to produce and are expected to import low-oxy monocrystal furnaces on a scale: for the topcon concentric circle, crystals power introduced the fifth generation of low-oxy monocrysotile furnaces to be added to the superconductor magnetic field, superconductor magnets.
The introduction of field technology has helped to open the window of the low-oxynn crystal growth process, stabilize the growth of super-low-oxy monosilicon less than 5 ppm, completely eliminate concentric circles and increase the life expectancy of young children, widen the range of effective electrical resistance, and achieve lower-cost N-silicon-chips with reduced concentric circle and oxygen content.
Mark. This first photovoltaic superconductor sub-magnetism means that the hyperconductor magnetism in the field of photovoltaics is officially entering mass production, and the crystal-rich low-oxy monocrystal furnace is expected to import superconductor magnetic field technology on a large scale.
Should: Since 2016, the crystal-spiriting electromechanical fluids have focused on magnetic fluid sealing techniques, semiconductor single-crylic furnaces with superconductor magnetic systems, tail gas processing devices, etc., with superconductor magnetic applications in semiconductor areas that are very mature, and the twilight fluids have expanded magnetic field technology in semiconductor areas to photovoltaic areas.
Through the autonomous production of superconducted magnetic fields by out-sourcing materials, a strategic cooperation agreement was concluded in June 2023 with the Western superconductor, which allowed for a steady supply of line materials to benefit from magnetic field expansion & drops. The penetration rate of the superconducted magnetic field single-crystal furnace is expected to increase rapidly: we believe that conventional monocrystals cannot be added directly.
Installation of superconducted magnetic fields, mainly superconductor furnaces, requires different process parameters for insulating magnetic processes plus soft control systems. We judge that (1) before the superconducted magnetic field is supplied on a scale: downstream customers give priority to purchasing the fifth generation of monocrystals for pre-delayed magnetic field interfaces, and when the superconducted magnetic field market matures, we add superconductors for downstream customers.
Magnetic field; (2) Superconducted magnetic field achieves scale supply: customers directly purchase single crystal furnaces for integration into superconducted magnetic field. Currently, the crystals engine generation five single crystal furnaces have entered into orders for approximately 3,500 devices, and in 2023 they are expected to be equipped with nearly 300 single crystal furnaces with superconducted magnetic field, which we expect to add with the hyperconductor magnetic field expansion.
Crystal Spill Power (300316): 2023 and a half Annual Report performance forecast: 5 generations of single-crystal furnaces continue to perform high as compared to 50 per cent expected and 100 per cent expected in 2025.
Add, Equipment + Material Co-arrangement — Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: Photovoltaic Equipment is the first curve of crystallizer power growth, the second curve is the release of photovoltaic and semiconductor consumables, and the third curve is the full release of semiconductor equipment.
Transistor Power (300316): Release of 8-inch single-carbled silicon extension equipment, technology 17/13/11 times, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
The introduction of ultraconductor magnetic field technology has helped open the window for low-oxynon-type crystal growth processes to achieve ultra-low oxygen monolithometers of less than 5 ppm.
Silicon crystals stabilize growth, completely eliminate concentric circles and increase the life of young children, widen the range of effective resistance rates, and achieve lower costs to achieve the N-silicon chip crystallization goal of reducing concentric circles and oxygen. This first photovoltaic superconductor sub-magnetism means that the PV superconductor magnets are officially entering the production age, and the crystal-rich low-oxy monocrystal furnaces are expected to import superconductive magnetic field technology on a large scale.
2. Subsidiary Flyer fluids with superconductor magnetic field technology, working with the Western Superconductor Strategy to ensure that the Transistor Electric Hydraulic Electric fluids have been focused on magnetic fluid sealing techniques, semiconductor single-crystal furnaces, superconductor magnetic systems, tail gas processing devices, etc., and are highly mature in the semiconductor field, where the Expedition fluids will be used.
Magnetic field technology in the semiconductor field has been expanded to the photovoltaic area, with the autonomous production of superconducted magnetic fields through out-sourcing of wire materials, and a strategic cooperation agreement with the Western superconductor was concluded in June 2023, allowing for a steady supply of line materials, which is conducive to the expansion of magnetic field & drop-downs.
We believe that conventional single-crystal furnaces cannot directly add superconductor magnetic fields, mainly because superconductor furnaces require insulation of magnetic processes + soft control systems with different process parameters. We judge (1) before the superconductor magnetic field is available on a scale: downstream customers give priority to purchasing a fifth generation of single-crystal furnaces for pre-set superconductor magnetic field interfaces, pending the maturity of the market for superconducted magnetic fields and adding superconductor magnetic fields for downstream customers; (2) superconductor magnetic fields.
The magnetic field is available on a scale: customers directly purchase single-crystal furnaces that are integrated into the superconducted magnetic field. Currently there are about 3,500 equipment orders for the crystals engine generation 5 single-crystal furnaces, which are expected to be equipped with nearly 300 single-crystal furnaces with superconducted magnetic fields in 2023, and we expect their prices to decrease from 1.5 million to 1.5 million as the superconducted magnetic field expands.
Up to 1 million, by 2024, the fifth generation of monocrystal furnaces in the superconductor magnetic field will account for 50 per cent of the expected output of crystallized crystals and 100 per cent of the expected output in 2025.
(1) Back-cycle angle: N silicons require a higher oxygen content and purity than P, only a magnetic field can reduce oxygen content to 7 ppma (n industry standard) and, at a reasonable profit margin of 12 per cent for silicon +n, industry-wide profits remain high, with single-crystal furnaces returning to the current cycle for about three years. 1) 2023 crystals superconductor magnetic fields of about 1.5 million yuan, 2024
It is expected to fall to $1 million per year (a 30 per cent reduction). 2) Single-crystal + magnetic field can be effective in raising the rate of silicone crystallization, crystallization and 10 per cent single production. 3) Magnetic field can slow silicon solution silium silium siltation, extend the useful life of silicon, and reduce energy losses to 15 per cent for the single-crystal furnaces. (4) 76 single-crystal + superconducted magnetic fields per gw, equipment value.
10,000 yuan per station, approximately 2.5 years of the return cycle. Degrees: with 72 components at 182 dimensions, conversion efficiency 24.3%, single-crystal plus superconducted magnetic field can be effective in increasing battery conversion efficiency 0.1-0.5%, thereby increasing assembly power. 0.3%, component 1.6/w, based on battery efficiency.
Calculate, the component premium of 550w is $10.8, which is more than $19 million per gw. 2) Lower angle: single crystal furnaces plus superconductor magnetic fields can use 5% of the first tailings and reload the first tails, which is equivalent to a 5% saving on electricity. The current non-silicon cost is 0.1/w, of which the electricity cost is about 0.08/w, resulting in savings in electricity costs of 0.004/w and electricity costs per gw
The penetration rate of low- and low-oxy monocrystal furnaces is 5/15/30 per cent, respectively; 2) the increase in the superconductor magnetic field can boost monocrystal single-crystal production, with photovoltaic equipment being the first curve in the crystals, the second curve in the light-volatile and semiconductor consumption, and the third curve in the semiconductor equipment. We maintain the company ' s net return profit for 2023-2025 at 47/58/70.
Three major financial forecasting tables for Crystal Gestures and Electrics. Dong Wu Securities Inc., Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.