22 August 2023 Advanced equipment and materials, with high performance in the first half of the year
The company performed well in the first half of the year with a revenue of $8,406 million, which is a year-on-year increase.
In May 2023, the company released a fifth-generation single-crystal furnace, equipped with a superconductor magnetic field.
With the first-stage production of superconductor magnets, the photovoltaic superconductor magnets are starting to grow. With the large-scale application of superconductor magnetic field technology in the company’s fifth-generation monocrystals, large-scale improvements in the quality of the n-silicon tablets will be made in response to the efficiency gains of the N-cell age.
Some 3,500 orders have been issued for the fifth generation of monolithic furnaces, which are expected to be equipped with nearly 300 superconductor magnetic fields in 23 years.
At the same time, the company continuously expands the types of equipment based on the industrial chain, the layout of batteries, the stacking of tubes and components, and enhances competitiveness. We expect the photovoltaic device to remain a relatively deep 300-percent pattern.
Compatible semiconductor equipment, carbonated silicon extension equipment breakthrough company layout semiconductor large silicone equipment, power semiconductor equipment and crystal-crystal end equipment.
In the area of silicon carbide, the Division released in February 2023 a six-inch double-carbed silicon exterior device, which is currently at the top of the market at the same level as the city. On June 27, the company announced that it had successfully developed a single inch model.
Carbonated silicon out-growth equipment capable of achieving a 1.5% or more of carbon silicon out-silicon intensities and a 4% or less of mixed homogeneity, which has reached an advanced level in the industry and is expected to contribute to income growth.
In the first half of 23 years, the material business generated 1,883 million yuan, an increase of 244.17 per cent, and the Māori rate of 57.66 per cent, an increase of 27.24 ptc. In the area of the gold line, the company invested 10 million km of productive capacity in Sinakawa in April, which will significantly increase public spending.
In terms of silicon carbonization, on July 25, the company announced on the investors' interactive platform that in July of that year, a plan to split the company's crystal to the start-up board would benefit the company's new conglomerates from operating independently in the quartz business to improve market competitiveness and profitability.
With respect to sapphire materials, the company has grown 700 kg-grade sapphire crystals. With more activity, it is expected to be a strong growth point for the company after its photovoltaic equipment.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. No part of my remuneration has been, is not or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Master of Economics, London School of Political and Economics, 9 years in securities practice, formerly employed in Chinese securities, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021. Best score for new wealth in 2016