The power of natural gas/lng operations, together with the construction of the entire natural gas industry chain, the company has gradually developed the core business capacity of natural gas upstream resources through the processing and acquisition of foreign natural gas assets santos in lang, the country's interior, to build the entire natural gas production together with the New Olympic Group and New Olympic Energy.
Industrial chains, including upstream natural gas development, gas liquefied plants in midstream, represented by glng, the new Olympic Group ' s construction of a canoe receiving terminal, a gas distribution system with all its sources of energy throughout the country, no petrochemical industry research team
The company is expected to benefit fully from the rapid growth in gas demand. The expansion of the “coal-coalification industry” business has highlighted the advantages of integration, with the company producing 6.8 million tons of coal per year, with a sales volume of 5.9 million tons in 2016 due to production constraints.
Research assistant: Wei Jiaxuan, after gradually liberalizing production in 2017, has been able to fully sell production in the first half of the year, and the demand for coal markets has warmed back and the company ' s coal production has risen. New energy sources currently have 600,000 tonnes/year of coal methanol production capacity.
The company’s construction of a stable light hydrocarbons project is expected to add 600,000 tons/year to the production of 200,000 tons/yearly stable light hydrocarbons. The company’s operations have been expanded in the “coal-coalified” industry chain to enhance performance, and it is also conducive to achieving integration advantages, reducing costs, and increasing resilience to risks.
In 2016, Māori accounted for 32 per cent of the company's energy engineering business, mainly by taking on related company business, and revenue from associated transactions in 2017 is expected to be approximately $3.4 billion, of which the Choshan Ing receiving station and the New Olympic energy source
In addition to the construction services that are primarily linked to the Department of Public Works, the new site will open up non-connected projects in the future, reducing the proportion of related transactions.
In the last four years, the company has increased its income from pesticides by 15% and from veterinary drugs by 8.5%. The main products are Avemoxin, Ivesin, herbium, and so on. The 1,000-ton/year grass project was completed at the end of 2016, with a total capacity of 1450 tonnes/year, and the new project is currently in a trial production phase with capacity of 2017.
In the first half of the year, the pesticide industry began to warm up, and company biopharmaceutical performance is expected to grow steadily.
Steady growth, or significant increase in investment earnings of santos (600803.sh): good business, major products such as coal, methanol, crude oil, ng, agricultural and veterinary drugs dropped sharply in the previous three quarters, and santos significantly
I. Natural gas, coal chemicals, energy engineering, four-wheel-drive agricultural and veterinary pharmaceuticals, new Olympic stock operations covering natural gas processing and investment, energy technology engineering services, methanol and dimethyl ether energy chemicals
Production and marketing of products, coal mining and washing, research and development, production and marketing of biological and veterinary raw materials and preparations. billions of yuan, an increase of 14.14 per cent in the same year. Companies ' coal revenues increased by 47.09 per cent to 984 million yuan, an increase of 1,089 million yuan in the same year, energy engineering revenues increased by 61.28 per cent to $1.037 billion in the same year, and pesticide revenues increased by the same year.
The Māori rate for the coal industry increased by 2.84 percentage points to 52.20 per cent in the same year, and the Māori rate for the energy industry decreased in the same year.
Two major investments are made in the offshore gas strategy. The main domestic projects are: the new coal-bed gas lang, the new energy source, the combined gas project of 200,000 tons of stabilization light hydrocarbons under construction, and 45% of the company’s share in the China Sea North Sea plant.
Natural gas is the core business of the company and the key future direction. The advantages of the New Olympic shares in the energy sector are, first and foremost, the powerful distribution networks that depend on another platform, New Olympic energy, under the umbrella of the New Olympic Group, to go downstream in energy distribution.
In terms of industrial advantages, the country has access to some of the gas sources through lang plants, and the foreign santtos’ strategic overseas deployments have opened up gas sources abroad.
(i) The company ' s subsidiary in the coal-bed gas lang business is the company ' s 100 per cent shareholding of the company. The company signed a 15-year long-term procurement contract with the China-China Union gas line to channel the coal-bed gas directly to the water.
New Olympic plants, where Xiaoyu produces raw gas from a range of production industries, such as buffer tanks, separation, filtering, pressurization, purification, etc., into ng, which is sold through specialized transport tanks. 150,000 on a day-to-day basis, and 30.000 on a two-year period, for an average of 450,000 square days. In 2016, Xinsusu achieved a production of about 150 million square metres.
Current operating income of $251 million, net profit of $11,446 million: $133 million earned in the first half of 2017, (ii) santos 1, five pieces of core assets, main oil and gas field development and lang production
In April 2016, the company acquired about 210 million shares of the Australian listed company santos at $4.9 billion, accounting for 10.07 per cent of the current circulation shares, and became its first shareholder. The santos have Papua New Guinea (png-lng), glng, Cooper Basin (cooperbasin), North Australia (Darvinlng) and Western Australia (wa).
Of these, glng, png, and Northern Australia are three lng liquid vent terminals, and santos are glng operators. Cooper Basin (cooperbasin) is Australia’s largest traditional gas field in the interior of East Australia, which has been operating for a long time, providing a relatively stable cash flow to santos.
Australia, for its part, includes mainly marine and inland natural gas fields. By the end of 2016, santos had estimated a cumulative reserve of 890 million barrels of oil equivalent, of which the commercial gas reserves were 4730 barrels of coiled, the condensed oil reserves were about 33 million barrels, the crude oil reserves were about 33 million barrels and the lpg 1429,000 tons.
Throughout 2016, santos achieved an increase of 61.6 million barrels of oil equivalent, or 7 per cent in comparison with the same year, of which commercial gas and ethane production were burnt at 174.4 barrels, commercial gas was processed into liquefied natural gas (LNG) at 112 barrels, condensed oil at 3.54 million barrels, liquefied petroleum gas at 147,000 tons and crude oil at 78.25 million barrels.
76.5 croaks, 1.66 million barrels, 706 million tons and 3.21 million barrels.Santos achieved 84.1 million barrels of oil equivalent in oil sales in 2016, an increase of 31 per cent in the same year. Oil and gas sales generated $2,594 million, an increase of 6.22 per cent, and gas, ethane and liquefied natural gas accounted for 68.77 per cent of all products.
Crude oil accounts for 22.17 per cent, condensed oils and quartz oils for 7.05 per cent and liquefied petroleum gas for 2 per cent. Natural gas, ethane and liquefied natural gas make up the bulk of corporate revenue from oil and gas sales.
At each reporting date (annual and semi-annual), santos evaluates the book value of oil and gas assets and determines whether there is any indication of possible impairment. If there is evidence of impairment, then formally evaluates the recoverable amount of the assets and estimates the cash flow is assessed on the basis of a number of factors, variables and assumptions, the most important of which are reserves, future production, and third.
Estimates of oil purchases, commodity prices, costs and exchange rates. santtos had previously projected oil prices at $60 per barrel in 2017, and reported in mid-2017 a reduction in projected use. The average price of tar at the beginning of the year to date was $53.49 per barrel, with a breakthrough of $55 per barrel since mid-September.
In the current accounting policy of santos, if the estimated recoverable amount could be increased if the impairment of lost assets were previously taken into account, the probability of a short-term drop of $50 per barrel would be small, the approximate rate would not be further reduced in 2017, and performance would be expected to escape the impairment of assets and the net loss of profit would be reversed.
The asset impairment loss can be reversed to the extent that the book value of the asset does not exceed the recognized book value. The target sales volume of santos in 2017 was 77-82 million barrels of oil equivalent, and the target production was 57-60 million barrels of oil equivalent, with little change in actual sales in 2016.
The rate is higher than the oil price assumption used in the projections, and the impairment loss calculated by santos is expected to return.3 The business performance continues to improve The average oil price at the annual free cash flow balance point is $33 per barrel, well below the $47 per barrel at the beginning of 2016.
The internal drivers of improved performance in santos stem from the improvements introduced by the new ceo, including the optimization of capital expenditure to low-cost gas fields, the reduction of the number of drills and the improvement of the efficiency of drilling and production efficiency, which have resulted in significantly lower production costs and optimized business performance.
There are two future profit opportunities for santos to refill Darwin and the Png-lng project in Papua New Guinea.
Reloading after the due date will make it possible to use existing facilities and will require only some additional upstream mining and pipelines, and the cost of mining will be significantly reduced: santos has a global and low-cost field around the Png-lng project in Papua New Guinea, and is expected to feed the png-lng in the future.
Through the processing and acquisition of foreign natural gas assets santos in the interior of the country, the company has developed a core business capacity for natural gas onward resources, working with the New Olympic Group and the New Olympic Energy Group to construct a whole chain of natural gas, including upstream natural gas development, a liquidized gas plant in the middle of the country, represented by glng, and the closing of the new Olympic Group's construction of a canyon.
At the end, new energy sources spread across the country’s gas distribution system, companies have gradually developed the core operational capacity of the upstream natural gas resources, and have accumulated operational experience with offshore hydrocarbon exploration and gas liquefaction, laying the groundwork for further expansion of offshore natural gas operations. Companies are expected to benefit fully from the rapid growth of domestic gas demand in the future.
On June 26, 2017, the board of directors appointed Mr. Stuttang, Secretary of the New Olympic Stock Exchange, as non-executive director of the santos. This appointment enhanced the company’s influence on santos, further building a mechanism for communication between the company and santos. The company is expected to cooperate more with it in the area of international energy operations in the future, helping to improve the company’s cleanliness.
The internationalization of the energy industry, the deepening of cooperation with the International Hydrocarbons Corporation in the wider field and potential projects, and the current internationalization of development strategies.
(i) Coal mining and cleaning operations are at a very high price. Coal mining and cleaning operations are mainly conducted and carried out by new energy mines, owned by the Royal Towers, simple geological formations in the mines, mostly uncoated coal, and very few coals in the well fields are good engines.
Coal and chemical coal. The company has a coal-cleaning plant, which accounts for about 40% of commercial coal production. The main products are: large cards/kg; medium pieces (under 80 mm) with a heat value of 5120-5200 kcal/kg. Ten thousand tonnes/year, the approved capacity for the first batch of the 2016 year was 6.8 million tonnes/year, and the company ' s 2016 coal due to the 276-day production limit policy.
In the first half of 2017, the Government gradually lifted production restrictions for 276 work-related purposes, and supply-side reforms were gradually under way, with coal sales (excluding trade in coal) reaching 3.4729 million tons and 34.986 tons, respectively.
The carbon market is warming, coal prices are on the rise, and the Chinese coal price index rose from an average of 133.77 in 2016 to 157.06 in the first half of 2017, and it continues to rise. The average prices of new coal-mixed coal and refined coal, respectively, have been raised to the advantage of an integrated whole industrial chain, which can provide a stable power supply for new energy sources in the same region.
It should help to create synergies and increase the corporate returns as a whole. New energy mining has established long-term partnerships with large coal traders and end-users to ensure full production and, with the warming of the coal market and the expansion of trade in coal, we believe that corporate coal will grow steadily in the future.
(ii) Chemical: coal-based methanol landscape, stabilization of light hydrocarbons project to become a performance growth point 1, methanol and dimethylether energy industry, mainly based on coal for the production of alternative petrochemical products and clean combustion through technology and processing
The main products are coal-based methanol and methanol dimethylether. Of these, coal-based methanol is carried out and implemented by new energy sources, methanol is operated by new energy under the company's flag (Hang Jia Harbang), and dimethylether is used mainly for clean fuels and sub-aerosols, refrigerants.
New energy sources now have a production facility with a capacity of 600,000 tons of methanol, with a production capacity of 7,375 million tons in 2016, generating an operating income of 1,230 million yuan, resulting in a net profit of 229 million yuan; in the first half of 2017, production of self-produced methanol
Amounted to 410,000 tons, generating operating income of 780 million yuan, and net profits of 148 million yuan. The net interest rate on this business remained at around 18 per cent, and next year’s stabilization of the light hydrocarbons project, the company’s industrial chain will continue to expand downstream, leading to a significant increase in profits at the same time as the performance growth point.
The company’s subsidiary’s new energy sources began construction of a stable light hydrocarbons project in 2015, with a total investment of $4,263 million, with an investment in new energy sources changed from 3,163 million yuan to 3,763 million yuan, and the company is expected to complete production by mid-2018. Stable light hydrocarbon raw materials are coal-based methanol, used mainly as additives and solvents for clean oil products, the main product of the project.
200,000 tons of stable light hydrocarbons and by-products such as 200 million square ng, 44,000 tons of lpg, and 11,700 tons of lime-cerebral oil; part of the project utilizes electricity, water, transportation, etc., from existing new energy sources to public engineering facilities producing 600,000 methanol per year, using local abundances of coal as a base for gasification, catalytic gasification, hydrogenification, conversion, low-temperature methanol washing,
The company’s measurement projects together generate about 2,056 million post-tax revenues, of which 0.22 billion yuan after tax on stabilization and 505 million after tax.
The stabilization of the light hydrocarbons project, which is expected to consume 1.453 million tons of coal per year, powering 648,000 tons per year, power 416 million kilowatt hours/year, production of 320,000 tons of water per year, together generating 644 million yuan in after-tax costs per year.
The sum to be collected by this unit does not exceed RMB 2.3 billion, and the net amount, after deducting the cost of distribution, will be used entirely for the investment of 200,000 tons of stable light hydrocarbons per year. On 13 November 2017, an application was approved by the CSRC.
The company's energy engineering business was carried over by the Newland Energy Technology Engineering Company, which acquired 100 per cent of its share in the new land works in 2015 from the affiliated New Olympic Group and New Omnior, which cover municipal public engineering consulting level A,
Various qualifications in municipal sector design level A, chemical and petrochemical pharmaceutical design level A, construction of municipal public works level I, construction of chemical and petroleum works level I, leading process-wide technology in the fields of ng liquefied engineering, flaring gas lang, and energy conservation and environmental conservation, based on the industrial chain layout integrated with the company Coal-Chemicals and the Government
Resources, design, construction and construction services for energy engineering. In 2016, the Newland Project achieved operating income of $1,969 million, net profit of $306 million, net interest rate of 15.54 per cent; and income from new land works of $1,089 million in the first half of 2017, net profit of $136 million, net profit of $136 million, net
The interest rate is 12.49%. In 2017, US$ 3.4 billion will be generated by the Newland Project, of which US$ 1.7 billion and US$ 1.4 billion, respectively, will be earned by the eng points of the New Olympics and by the New Olympic Energy Project, which together accounts for 91% of the proceeds of the associated transaction.
The project will bring a steady return on the new Olympic stock in the coming years.
In addition to construction services, which are mainly carried out by affiliated companies, new land works will open up non-connected projects in the future, reducing the share of joint transactions. Through the establishment of a three-tier market development system, as well as incentives for management, the development of external markets for new land works has had an initial effect, market information and channels have increased significantly, and external markets have become larger.
New land works now account for 38% of the market share of the intensive gas use business. New land works are expected to continue to expand their markets in the areas of natural gas, energy conservation and environmental protection, coal-based cleaning, and small-scale liquid sledging, building on the advantages of engineering and technical equipment and the accumulated experience of previously traded items.
The main products of the company's agricultural veterinary operations are: insecticides represented by the Avemoxin series, herbicides represented by herbicides, fungicides represented by esters, etc. In 2016, the company achieved sales of 20,000 pesticides, respectively.
Tons, 1980,000 tons, or 3,542 tons, or 3,741 tons of veterinary medicines, respectively, including 287, 84, 491 tons of averbin, 96, 365 tons of herbs, or 1450 tons per year. New projects are currently in the pilot production phase, with a rate of about 70 per cent of the first three quarters of 2017.
By about 80% by the end of the year, future capacity will be released. With the spread of genetically modified soybean seeds and the withdrawal of paraquat from the market, small-scale grasshoppers are expected to lose their productive capacity in a sustained manner, with improved supply, and companies are expected to take a larger share of the market.
A combination of several factors, such as prior environmental monitoring, business cut-off, and increased market demand, together with policy advances in the pesticide sector, a clear trend towards a return to heat in the pesticide sector in the first half of 2017, a rebound in the pesticide price index, is expected to lead to sustained growth in performance in the context of the environmental warming of the market up to 2017.11
We have selected nine listed companies for comparison, including the following: a large-scale energy source similar to the company's overall business structure; energy from coal enterprises; energy engineering from China; chemical and oil engineering from agricultural and veterinary enterprises; agro-industrial industries; coal industry from Hua Ruheungl and yang; natural gas/lng enterprises from medium-sized energy sources; and pe (tttm),
In 2017, the averages were 28 times, 26 times, and 18 times. By 2018, the company’s prices for key products such as coal, methanol, crude oil, ng, agricultural and veterinary medicine fell sharply, santos took significant asset losses, and stabilization of the light hydrocarbons project did not go as far as expected.
Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree from the People ' s University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute. For 20 years, in the seller ' s research industry, the author of the sales team of the Institute of Securities and Securities has been qualified or qualified in securities investment consultancy by the Chinese Securities Association and has ensured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.