Chang An car (000625.sz): Deep Blue joins the Hi-Hide model, hard-pitched cross-country blue g318 released, Chang An car (000625).
Incidents: At the 2024 China Electric Automotive 100 People ' s Forum, held on 16 March, Shandong stated that after Avita, Chang An-Shun would join the Shi cooperation model; on 18 March, the hard-core cross-country blue g318 was officially released.
On March 18th, deep blue, blue, blue and blue, and new multi-brand car layouts were launched. On March 18th, deep blue g318 was officially released, using a carrier chassis and hard-pose suv style, and will be mounted with a new blue whale incremental power system with a four-way version of a single and double engine, with a four-way version of a standard tank of 400.
According to Hip4-t, Equation Leopard 5, a self-styled hardware suv. According to CVP news, deep blue g318 is expected to announce pre-sale prices at the Beijing Car Fair, to be marketed in May, and to be delivered in June.
In addition to Aveta 15, Dark Blue c 857, Long Ankehangg 393; Cd 701, Aveta 16, Open source c798, Long Amada j90a.
During the two meetings, the Director of the State Finance Committee of the State Council, Zhang Yuzhao, offered to adjust the policy and conduct a separate assessment of the new energy automobile business of the three countries. We believe that the private sector in Biadei, Jili, etc.
Under the umbrella of the new power-making enterprise, the state-owned automobile company has not been growing fast enough in its new energy automobile business, and it is expected that the individual tests will strengthen its research and development efforts and investment, eliminate the concept of profit-based production, and adapt or take ownership of the technology and markets of the automobile company.
At the recent 2024 China Electric Automotive 100 People’s Forum, the Deputy Director-General of the National Finance Committee, Zhou Peng, also said that any future policies and initiatives that would be conducive to bringing new energy vehicles up would have to be explored boldly.
At the recent 2024 China Electric Automobile 100 People’s Forum, Yongdong said that after Avita, Chang An Shao Lan would join the He cooperation model, which followed in November 2023.
With the signing of the Memorandum of Investment Cooperation between Zhang An and Hua, there has been a further extension of cooperation between the two sides. On the one hand, the Chinese government has indicated that it is expected that it will be able to make a profit in the first three months of this year, and that it is expected that it will be a gain this year. We believe that the Chinese model and wisdom will be achieved.
The commercialization of the car selection model has grown, the circle of partner friends is expected to grow, and future cars like Cyrus, Chirii, Jiang Xiao, and the North are expected to be the first to invest together in the target company of Chang An and Hua, as well as other autonomous brands like one, and the East Wind is expected to work together.
Sinda Securities Co., Inc., Ltd., Ltd. Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Source, Deep Blue, Avita is gradually becoming the backbone of the new cycle of a long-term car.
House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City, with annual net profits of $11,97,12.7 billion, corresponding to 15, 18, 14 times the price of the pe, risk factors: price fluctuations of raw materials, lower sales of new vehicles than expected, less energy transition than expected,
Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the top down. The car industry chain is fully covered, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
Worked at Toyota Motor Technology Center and Joaquin Securities, one year ' s work experience with automobile companies + two years ' experience in the automobile industry. The main areas covered were car shopping, Tesla ' s industrial chain, electric intelligence, etc. Ding Jian, University of Melbourne ' s Master of Finance, which covered smart cabins, electrodynamics, whole cars, etc.
Xu Guofang, Master of Applied Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covers areas such as intelligent driving, and new power cars. Which components are not, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.