Brief analysis: Income increases are lower than expected, profit rates are higher Overall performance in the third quarter of 2017 (000651.sz) is better than expected: 1) Revenues increased by 25 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the third quarter of this year, compared to our projections of 32 per cent; 2) Māori rates decreased by 1.7 percentage points to a year-on-year.
30.9 per cent, which may be attributed to cost pressures and increased retail returns; 3) Despite the decline in the Māori rate, sales costs decreased by 6 percentage points, resulting in a three-quarter operating profit rate rising from 14 per cent to 18 per cent during the same period last year. Income: the 2017 air conditioning cycle strongly led to a 25 per cent increase in revenue in the third quarter of this year.
We expect 32%, but given that advances from distributors in the third quarter of this year (a target for future revenue) reached a high of $28 billion yuan, we expect growth to be robust in the future. Because (1) the cost of raw materials rises; (2) the return of distributors increase.
The return to sales used to purchase more products from the power, which led to the downswing of the Māori rate. Operating profit rate: the profit margin expanded by 4 to 18% in the third quarter of this year over the same period, as a result of a 6 percentage point decline in sales fees. We believe that the main reason for the decline in sales costs is strong demand at the end.
International sales incentives for distributors have decreased; slowdown has had a negative impact on industry growth; increased cost of raw materials has eroded profit margins; and inappropriate diversification strategies, Ijian (research assistant)
We, Ikem, Liao, cfa, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of some firms being acquired. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of companies becoming M & As (30-50%), two of which represent a medium probability (15-30%), and three of which are less likely (0%-Qantum).
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of single firms, or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries.gssstain50 is a list of concerns that we believe are based on excellent capital returns.
Proponents are mainly based on a comprehensive quantitative analysis of business performance in these three areas. Ijian: a share of consumer durables.
a A share of consumer durables: Goli Electrics, Boss Electrics, American Group, Qingdao Haile, Sofia.a A share of food drinks: Gui Goong, Yoo River Shares, Kotai Kuo State, Jinzhou old cellar, Qing Qingqing, Shanxi Liquor, Qingji Island Beer (a), Five Grain fluids.a A share of media: Aufi Recreation, Light Media, Goehua Lined, Huashu Na, Blue Lights, Media South China, Media Division, Guangguo, Hua Soo Brothers, Mimax China, Phoenix Media, Orient Ming Ju, Fancy Science.
China’s consumer goods: Light milk, modern pastoralism, Huayun entrepreneurship, Dali Food Group Ltd., h&h International Holdings, Monx Milk Industry, Kang Shifu Holdings, Qingjia Beers (h), Unified Enterprises, China Wang Wang Wan, Wanzhou International, I Li, Zhou Black Duck International Holdings Ltd.
Statutory corporate-related disclosures Non-disclosure of company-specific information on company ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions for glycerines (rmb42.55)
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Furthermore, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy-in or sell-out list with an overall potential return scale; suspension of ratings (rs): we have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to the lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports.
Targets. Investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): we have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we have not conducted research on the company. No or no research. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.