Performance meets expectations, new business values are back on track. Recommended (first) China Peace (601318) Quarterly 2021.
The company disclosed a business income of $34,308 million in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 3.7 per cent in the same year; $1 billion, an increase of 4.5 per cent in the same year; and a new business value of $18,980 million in the realization of life and health insurance (nbv).
The non-life insurance business performed well, with the fastest-growing technology panels and the second fastest-growing banks, with the expectation that the follow-up technology endowment would lead to better corporate overall performance. In the first quarter of 2021, the value of the new business in the science and technology industry and health insurance was restored. In the first quarter of 2021, the company ' s life and health insurance were restored.
In the first quarter of 2021, in order to meet the needs of clients, the company increased its promotion of its annuity products, leading to an increase in the number of years.
The size of the gold grew too fast, with the number of agents falling by 3.7 per cent from the beginning of the year to 986,000, and the team made further progress. Property insurance: in the first quarter of 2021, 66175 million yuan was realized from the safe birth insurance.
8.8 per cent decline over the same period; the overall combined cost rate was 95.2 per cent, compared to 1.3 pct; and the profitability grew steadily, achieving operating profits of $5,119 million, an increase of 15.2 per cent over the same period, and the “safe owner” applied as China's largest car service app, with a breakthrough in the number of registered users by the end of March 2021.
In the first quarter of 2021, the safe-producing household car “one-key settlement” function was implemented. In the first quarter of 2021, the company reduced the value of its investment assets related to Happiness.
The amount is $18.2 billion, and the net profit impact on the parent shareholder after tax is $10 billion, and the operating profit impact on the parent shareholder after tax is $2.9 billion.
Recovering the size of the people and the gradual recovery of the reforms in the throes, the company remains a high-quality investment target; `recommended' ratings are given to the company; the “market index” of this rating system is referred to by 300 indexes of depth.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.