Quarterly review 2021: high value of new business, concern: company reports in the first quarter of 2021, resulting in net return profit of $27,223 million, +4.5 per cent, eps 1.54 per share; end-of-period net return of assets of $77,279 million, +11.9 per cent.
In the post-epidemiological period, the company’s operations have gradually stabilized, with a robust growth in both net and operating profits.
2021q1 achieved a net return profit of $27,223 million, an increase of 4.5 per cent in the same year; lost profits from parent operations after short-term investment deviations were eliminated by 8.9 per cent to $39,120 million in the same year; annualized operations roe were maintained at a higher level of 20.0 per cent.
Corporate contracts, representing a 1.3 per cent increase over the same year; in addition, the introduction of the Comprehensive Financial Insurance Scheme for Corporate Group Operations — Life Insurance — Channels, Products 1+4 — was gradually beginning to grow, and the value of the new business was warming. 2021q1 company life insurance operations achieved a new business value of $18,980 million, an increase of 15.4 per cent.
In particular: 1) the agent capacity has increased significantly and the size of the new list has grown significantly. Thanks to the sales stimulus generated by the company’s active business readiness to switch products from the old and the new and the new CDI, 2021q1 company used a new insurance premium of $60,527 million to calculate the value of the new business, a significant increase of 23.1 per cent over the same period.
The size of the company’s insurance agents was 986,000, a decrease of 3.7 pct from the beginning of the year, mainly due to the company’s commitment to quality human development under the reform of the channel and its initiative to eliminate low-capacity agents.
The impact of the epidemic has not yet been fully cleared up, with a slight decline in the rate of new business value: as the impact of the epidemic on companies' high-value long-term guaranteed operations has not been completely eliminated, the recovery of consumer demand will take time, with 2021q1 having a new business value of 31.4 per cent, a decrease of 2 pct over the same period last year.
• Maternity insurance: the impact of the epidemic and the changes in vehicle insurance is greater and the scale of operations is more severe.
Production risk operations continued to maintain a high quality of operations under pressure, with a combined production risk cost rate of 95.2 per cent, a decrease of 1.3 pct over the same period; net profit of $5,119 million, an increase of 15.2 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a combination of capital market shocks, market interest rate fluctuations and an increase in impairments.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the industry is still in the process of digesting its exposure to new and dangerous products in the short term due to opening doors and closing the market. But, in the long run, there are still large markets for serious risks, and the sector’s assets and liabilities will be improving in a trend-oriented manner.
Attention has been paid to the increase in the number of jobs in the industry and to the market acceptance of new and highly ill products in the second quarter of this year. After more experience 1, "Peace in China" (601318): "Save in Boots Year" upgrades and product restructuring, China's "1+4" reform plan has been gradually rolled out.
In the long run, corporate production structure and channel power is one of the best representatives of the industry, and a combination of finance and technology is prominent.
♪ The value of technology, the long-term value ♪
Figure 7: New policy premiums for personal operations of the company 2016–2021q1 and the same rate of increase