The new business value is slightly lower than expected, and the effect of the reforms is expected to be gradually realized in China (601318.sh).
• Be influenced by supply and demand on both sides, with new business values growing at a slightly lower rate than expected, maintaining the “buy-in” rating as previously anticipated; operating profits of $3.91 billion, or +8.9 per cent, in the banking, technological and financial sectors, taking into account the continued impact of the epidemic on the sale of guaranteed products and the fact that life insurance reform is in the full roll-out phase, agent
The company is the leader of the insurance industry, with limited impairments, and the effect of life insurance reform is gradually becoming apparent, adding five lifetimes and a small drop in manpower, and life insurance reform is entering a full roll-out phase, with high-quality development taking firm steps; life insurance at the end of 2021q1 has a human capacity of 98,500 people, a 3.7 per cent decrease from the beginning of the year; and 2021q1 margin 31.4 per cent.
The epidemic is continuing to contain demand for long-term guaranteed products, and life-risk reform is taking its full course of action. While corporate liabilities have improved by less than we had previously expected, the nbv increases or leads the industry. Firm lines, product "1+4" upgrades, deeper digital channels reform, implementation.
The “product-plus services” strategy, with its transformational effect, is expected to show gradually, with attention to the company’s follow-up growth in high-quality manpower. The impact of the summer’s Happiness event is limited, with capital market fluctuations affecting the return on total investment for the first quarter.
One third of all previously disclosed exposures of $54 billion, according to the calculations, are expected to be impaired by Happiness in China and other fair changes if the total impairment results in an intrinsic value.
Taking into account the impact of changes in the value of other combined gains assets. The netized investment return of 3.5% in 2021q, total investment with a value assumption, the investment end is expected to achieve the built-in value assumption in the long term.
"Can" - 2021.1.22