Building the Healthy Circle of Assistive Medical Care, building the Temperature - China Peace (601318) Participants in the Group Reorganization Review Report, May 06, 2021
China issued a peaceful announcement stating that it was authorized to represent the company on behalf of the Peace for Life, and that the Washington Group (on behalf of Chu Hai) and the Specialized Group formed a consortium as a restructuring investor to acquire the new Genuine Group in a “sale-based reorganization” model, with core assets covering mainly medical, financial, information technology and education.
Four panels. Life in peace will be valued at $370.5-507.5 billion, allowing the New Dealer Group to consolidate quality medical and medical resources and deepen the construction of a safe health-care biosphere: the health module under the re-engineering of the subject will be dominated by the Great North Medical Industries Group, covering one) and international medicine at Beijing University.
The hospital is the leader of the hospital, the country’s radiation complex and the specialized medical services system; (2) it includes medicine from the North and medical estates that incubate more than 100 innovative pharmaceutical companies.
In coordination with the insurers, work is being done to create “temperature insurance” that will provide new impetus for future value growth.
5 scenes of intensive health, sub-health, medical care, slowness, and major illness, with the Nbv acceleration expected for customers buying heavy-health products, and the impact of summer’s impairment on the safe and secure services that can be controlled, leading to full life. Injection of high-quality health care resources from the North Group will contribute to the promotion of safe medicine.
_aaa_Safe China (601318), 2020, provides a new dynamic for the growth in the scale and value of insurance operations.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: due to the build-up of the pre-existing _aaa_ China Safe 2019 report, client digestion, agent build-up and retention pressure, company liabilities increase in the short term
The injection of high-quality medical resources under the banner of Fang is expected to contribute to the construction of a safe and healthy eco-closing environment and to the development of a service-driven insurance industry. The forecast for 2021-2023 is that pss is a risk factor: new major diseases are not sold as expected, restructuring is slower than expected, and medical resources are integrated.