Event: China ' s safe release of the 2021 quarterly report, which achieved business income of $34,308 million, compared to the Chinese peace (601318)
Quarterly net profit returns are yoy + 4.5% due to China’s Happiness Assets impairments. Peace in China, Wang Xiao Qing Dynasty achieved a return net profit of 27,223 million yuan in q21, compared to 4.5% in comparison, mainly because of: 1)
Low base annual outbreak impact; 2) minus $18.2 billion for Happiness in Huaxia, affecting net profit after tax - $10 billion. q1nbv double digits increase and the number of agents continues to be pressured. Quarterly life and health insurance nbv
\triangleright judinning \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 1 \ \ \ \ \ yoy+23.1% \ while the lower annuity risk margin leads to a new business as a whole \
The rate of value of services fell by 2.1 pct to 31.4 per cent, and since March, the number of agents continued to decline, as at q1, the number of workers stood at 98,570,000, as well as the number of agents who had not yet adapted to the effects of the sale of new diseases.
The future will continue to be characterized by a qualitative human development strategy, with the creation of the “Four Five Stars” and the creation of a “Five Five Stars” operating department, which, through digitally enabling agents to increase their numbers, receive visitors, and train them, will boost the agency’s viability by promoting its basic laws.
The decrease in the rate of payment of credit guarantee insurance contributed to the decrease in the combined cost rate. The ratio of production insurance premiums to \triangleright to -8.8 per cent in the first quarter was marked by a decrease in vehicle insurance and non-motorized vehicle insurance premiums (same as -8.8 per cent, respectively).
The overall combined cost rate of vehicle insurance has risen as a result of the decline in the rate of payment of credit guarantee insurance (which was higher during the same period last year) and the increase in the rate of payment of CASH insurance, which has been compounded by the lower rate of payment of last year’s epidemic.
The volatility of capital markets and the increase in impairments have led to a slight decline in the return on total investments.
However, the number of agents is still under pressure. Despite the marginal decline in the growth of the new bill in March, and in view of the fact that it is safe to increase its strength in the second quarter, 2) the company continues to promote the “product+” strategy, the definition of a new serious disease, the system of products structured around different clients, the improvement of health value-added services, 3)
Shinda Securities Inc. Life insurance channel reform into full roll-out, and the effect of the reform will gradually be visible, and we expect the liability cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
End-of-end growth is expected to remain stable, with nbv returning to positive growth throughout the year. Stock prices are now sufficiently counterproductive.
Risk factors: agency multipliers are not as fast as expected; life insurance reforms are less than expected; agent productivity continues to decline, resulting in loss of personnel; investment returns fall sharply as a result of large capital market fluctuations; interest rates drop by a narrow fixed-rate tool spread space and affect accounting profits.
Figure 5: Combined cost rates (%) Wang Qing Dynasty, Master ' s degree, Graduated from International Finance, Business, University of Duren, United Kingdom, as Deputy General Manager, Naval Capital Leasing Industry, and General Manager, Yonghai Leasing Operations, formerly employed in China Xinjiang Portfolio, Hakubo Securities. Added in November 2019.
Judinin, a master’s degree in finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow in the United Kingdom, worked on Taiwan’s Fu State Securities and Silver Certificates, and joined the Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Center in 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.