China's safety (601318.sh) - China's peace participants are in the process of re-assessing the incident.
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) of 51.1 per cent to 70.0 per cent of the shareholdings of the Group of New Dealers, which China has held in the latter, and China ' s announcement on the progress of the restructuring of the Group of Participants, issued in good time on 30 April 2021.
Reassembled as “sale-based reorganization, overall takeover”, the establishment of a new party financed by high-quality retention of assets belonging to the same group, the acquisition of equity in the new group by investors as a whole, less transfer of equity by creditors (no more than 27 per cent), the remaining portion of a life of peace or its designated subject in proportion to the Group or its designated subject in proportion to 7:3
73% of the new positive group shares. The final payment of the price and shareholding depends on the choice of the creditor to be compensated, with a life of peace to be awarded 51.1% to 70 per cent of the new group at a price of between $370.5 and $50.75 billion, even if the creditor's debt has been transferred safely to the new group holding shares, that is to say, the new group.
One hundred percent of the equity is 72.5 billion dollars. As the announcement does not disclose the financial data of the New Deal Group and the post-discession initiative of China to provide a safe and specific health-care environment, we maintain the Group ' s 2021-2023 net profit forecast, with four high-quality assets of medicine, finance, information, education.
This investment includes four core assets: medical health (North Grand International Hospital, North Great Medical Quest, North Big Medicine, Medical Production Park), finance (Fanzheng Securities and Lifeline North), information technology (Fangzheng Scientology), education (China High School, North Taiqing Software Vocational College), and this announcement has yet to disclose the new Gwangzhi Group's finances.
According to the annual report of listed companies, we estimate that the Fangzheng group holds a total of $13.5 billion in North Big Medicines, Fangzheng Securities, North Fangzheng Life, Fangzheng Technology and China ' s net assets. The follow-up consolidation scheme for financial assets is still uncertain, and if the integration scenario is considered, the net assets at the end of the 2020a securities are 39.6 billion yuan.
The net assets at the end of 2020a amount to $33.8 billion, for a total of $73.4 billion, and the consolidated net assets ranking will rise from 14 (consolidated securities) and 16 (consolidated securities) to 10, which is expected to increase the scale effect.
Of the four core assets acquired, health-care assets can be used in synergy with China’s health-care strategy, connecting the online and offline health-care system, and accelerating the construction of a safe health-care biosphere in China. The Fangzheng group has a system of underline medical services with the North Great International Hospital as the flagship hospital and more than a dozen health-care institutions.
China’s 1st Quarterly Review of Peace 2021 – New Business – China’s current health service is based on a safe and healthy doctor, which provides access to the system of offline traffic, provides physical services on the line, and creates a warm and healthy ecosystem.
A little less than expected in terms of value, and the effect of the reforms is expected to be felt peacefully in China or with the help of the North’s medical system, with the help of customer resources, medical services, insurance claims, etc.)
China’s peace participants are in the process of being re-assessed, so that China’s Safe 2020 Annual Report Review – New Business will be able to acquire core assets such as health care, finance, etc., in order to speed up the deployment of the Great Health Industry, which will still have to be evaluated.
China’s first-ever coverage report - Life in Time, the effects of the reforms, attention to the ecological aspects of financial science and technology.
"Can" - 2021.1.22