3-quarter increase in investment and management income 3q22 results: iposcaleincreasedsignificantly, withgoodperformoneofabandambassines
Ideas focus investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) Investment highlights: companies implement the concept of technology empowerment to create a new competitive advantage, multiple
At present, the company is in good business, with management and investment performance — performance in the first three quarters of the 2022 release of the Huatay Securities: 23,622 million, 5.4 per cent of the operating income achieved, respectively, in terms of brokering, investment, management, interest and self-employment.
There has been a significant decrease in the return on self-investment, and more growth in business such as corporate investment and capital management. Building a life-cycle customer transaction and growth based on digital enabling capabilities and full business chain advantages. Focusing on new content output and operations with video content.
On 30 June of that year, the company’s cash flow rate was 952.39 million, the first-placed couponer. The market balance in the previous three quarters was $153.82 billion, compared to 16% at the beginning of the year.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company invested $2.91 billion, or +9.4 per cent, in the fourth place; of this amount, local government debt, financial debt, corporate debt cover, 332.1 billion yuan, 134.6 billion yuan, and 11.6 billion yuan.
The company’s 2022 net-valued financial solutions for investors’ varying liquidity needs. As of the end of the first half of the year, the company’s management of assets had grown considerably.
• Promote a comprehensive transition to a trade-oriented business model, with a de-directional strategy, and a decline in the return on three quarters of the investments. The company continues to make a firm move towards a full trade-oriented business model.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the Sun Tingtingsun project was launched on the basis of a de-directional strategy, a comprehensive upgrading of investment-trading capacity and an active nuclear competitiveness and sustainable development equity and trading system.
ivianxu