A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Goertek (002241 CH)
BUY (Up)
Riding on TWS/VR boom; Upgrade to BUY
Target Price
RMB46.0
(Previous TP
RMB9.0)
Up/Downside
+18.0%
We upgrade Goertek to BUY (from Hold) as we turn more positive on its product
Current Price
RMB38.88
pipeline of AirPods Pro/Studio and Oculus Quest/PSVR in FY20/21E, backed by
TWS/wearables upcycle, capacity expansion and impressive yield improvement.
China Technology Sector
We expect 2H20E/FY21E net profit to grow 118%/ 51% YoY, and our FY21/22E
EPS are 19%/13% above consensus. Our new TP of RMB46 is based on 40x
Alex Ng
FY21E P/E, in-line with 1-sd above 5-yr average P/E, given 35% FY20-22E EPS
CAGR, strong earnings visibility and improving ROE. Near-term catalysts include
product launches of AirPods Studio, HomePod 2 and Oculus Quest2 in 2H20E.
Stock Data
■ TWS: AirPods momentum, share gains and improving margin. We are
positive on Goertek's leading market position and growth outlook of its
AirPods/TWS segment. We estimate AirPods shipment will grow 45%/22%
YoY to 94mn/115mn in FY20E/21E, and Goertek will gain share allocation
from 20% in FY19 to 23%/37% in FY20/21E. In addition, we expect improving
Shareholding Structure
product mix and production yield to drive earnings upside in after new
production lines of AirPods Pro commerce operations in 3Q20E.
VR/AR: Oculus Quest and Sony PSVR to boost growth. Goertek is global
pioneer in VR/AR industry since partnership with Oculus and Sony in 2014.
We expect Goertek to start shipment of Oculus Quest series in 2H20E, and
Share Performance
VR/AR segment will regain traction with 82%/40% YoY growth in FY20/21E,
backed by new product cycle from Oculus Quest 2 and Sony PSVR 2. In
addition, Goertek recently announced to raise RMB4bn convertible bond to
expand capacity for 28.6mn TWS earphones, 3.5mn VR/AR products and
Source: Bloomberg
5mn AR/VR optical modules, which will help boost share gain and drive
12-mth Price Performance
revenue growth in FY20-21E.
Upgrade to BUY with new TP of RMB46. We revised up our FY20-22E EPS
by 27-51%, mainly to reflect our more positive view on AirPods
shipment/margin upside given strong consumer demand and cancellation of
in-box earphones in iPhone 12 in 2H20E. Our FY21/22E EPS are 19%/13%
above consensus, and our TP of RMB46 is based on 40x FY21E P/E, in-line
1-sd above its 5-yr average P/E, given 35% FY20-22E EPS CAGR, strong
earnings visibility and improving ROE. Near-term catalysts include product
Source: Bloomberg
launches of AirPod Studio, HomePod 2 and Oculus Quest2 in 2H20E.
Auditor: Ruihua
Earnings Summary
Earnings Revision
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial Analysis
Expect revenue/net profit to grow at 36%/35% CAGR during FY20-22E
Source: CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 5: Revenue breakdown
Figure 6: P&L forecast
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Valuation
We revised up FY20-22E EPS by 27-51% to reflect our positive view on AirPods shipment/
margin upside given strong consumer demand and cancellation of in-box earphones in
iPhone12 in 2H20E. Our FY21/22E EPS are 19%/13% above consensus. Our TP of
RMB46 is based on 40x FY21E P/E, in-line 1-sd above its 5-yr average P/E, given 35%
FY20-22E EPS CAGR, strong earnings visibility and improving ROE. Near-term catalysts
include product launches of AirPod Studio, HomePod 2 and Oculus Quest2 in 2H20E.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS
and/or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest
in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time)("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.