Gore shares goertek (00224ch) vr & game hosts are growing strongly, and the semi-annual reports are directed to the good of highgrothinvr&gameconsolewitthstrong1hguidance
The point of view is investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) billion yuan, an increase of 43.4 per cent in the same year and a net profit of 878 million yuan in non-mortality, an increase in the same year.
The company continues to adhere to the strategy of "Accurate Zeros + Smart Hardware Surgeries" product, in precision Zeros, smart wireless headphones, vr.
Among them, in the first quarter of 2022, companies collected $6.47 billion in smart acoustics, an increase of 6.1 per cent in the same year; smart hardware, a gain of $10.14 billion, an increase of 125.1 per cent in the same year; and precision, zero components, a gain of $3.15 billion.
A 1.4 per cent decrease in the same year, we believe that the reason for the significant increase in non-net profit of q1 over the same year is the continuing demand for smart hardware products such as vr virtual reality, tws smart wireless headphones, smart wearables, smart home electronics, theatres and accessories, and related sophisticated zero-component products.
tws Savings: As smart voice interaction matures, product use experience improves, smart headphone product penetration in the overall headphone market continues to increase, and there are
Looking to continue to grow in the future; the projected global output of smart wireless headphones is expected to be more complete, more functional, more dynamic, better product experience, and more penetration in the global headphone market. We believe that tws is expected to continue.
The machine, which is an important acoustic part of smartphones, will be wired to wireless, intelligent hair, and will use more sensors, with the prospect of gradually becoming an intelligence with the potential for market growth.
We expect that vr’s products will continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years, while Gore shares are expected to retain a certain market share in the current vr market. The risks associated with slow construction progress or policy changes; and the impact of global macroeconomic downturns.
The demand for consumer e-markets has fallen short of expectations.