China’s oil is well established as a domestic oil and gas pipeline. China’s oil industry, as a domestic oil and gas pipeline, has been laid from upstream oil and gas exploration to lower- and middle-water oil and gas refining.
The company's oil and gas sales account for the largest share of revenue, but the major contributor is the exploration production and refining industry, with Māori accounting for 40.4 per cent and 36.1 per cent, respectively, with global oil and gas supply and demand strains and oil and gas prices likely to rise. Global upstream capital spending is expected to rise from 2015 onwards.
\triangleright began to show a step-by-step decline, with the impact of the epidemic falling again in 2020. Despite the current recovery, there is little room for subsequent sustained growth due to low corporate capital investment and weak global upstream supply growth.
The situation will become more pronounced, and the conflict in Russia and Ukraine has only accelerated the problem of supply constraints. On crude oil: after the European and American countries imposed sanctions on Russia, the supply of Russian oil will contract for a long time, while US production growth has reached a bottleneck, and Oec has maintained a strong willingness to pay, and as the demand margins improves, the crude oil base is basic.
With regard to natural gas, there is still a gap of 4.8 billion cubic metres per year after the break-up of the main Russian pipeline in 2021, and as much as 36 billion cubic metres per year if the entire pipeline is cut off. The winter cooling in Europe is continuing.
Compromises will appear around February 2023, and as a result of the subsequent decline in the replenishment rate, it will be difficult to reach 100% in the new year, so that supply and demand constraints will be maintained in the medium to long term. Companies have the largest oil and gas reserves in the country, and their profitability is expected to increase as oil and gas prices rise.
At the end of 2021 \triangleright, the company’s oil and gas reserves were 6,064 million barrels and 74,92 trillion cubic feet, all of which were the highest in the country, with significant resource advantages.
China Oil (601857.sh) was reported in the three-quarters of 2022: high oil and gas exploration performance and short-term pressure on refining workers - in the context of high oil and gas prices, 2022H1 exploration for Māori was 32.3 per cent of projected global energy stress.
The high profitability of the company ' s exploration business is sustained by its medium- to long-term nature.
3. China oil (601857.sh) pre-exceededed performance in 2021 at a unit cash processing cost of $209.5 per tonne per unit of 2022h1, with an annual refining capacity of 210 million tons per year, the second largest oil refinery in the country and 13 million tons of refined oil.
In addition to benefiting from the rise in oil prices, the company ' s 2021 industry, the company has continued to expand its industrial layout, chemical products, the introduction of a one-smelling model to increase cost advantages, the use of oil, and higher-end chemical products to enhance intrinsic value; and the production of finished oils, which continues to grow.
4. China Oil (601857): a steady increase in revenue and net profit retailing operations, on the one hand, using refining as a source of premium, and on the other hand, an increase in the development of non-oil links at fuel stations, 2021/08/27
China’s oil, the largest oil and gas reserve in the country and the second-largest oil producer, has significant resource and size advantages, and the company’s industry is well structured and more risk-resistant.
\triangleright 1 describes the long-standing domestic oil and gas taps, 1.1 up, down and down, all-round layouts, and the taps are solid.
China’s oil industry, upstream oil and gas exploration, and downstream refining, transportation and sales, are the largest producers and sellers of oil and gas in the country. China’s oil was established on 5 November 1999 by the China Petroleum Group, which listed it on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in November 1999 alone; in August 2022, the company applied for the withdrawal of ads from New York.
At present, the company’s main business includes exploration and production, refining and chemical industries, sales of finished oils, and natural gas and pipelines. In upstream exploration production, the company dominates the country and has large oil and gas zones such as Daeqing, Changqing, Tari, Southwest, Xinjiang, Liao River, and in the lower and middle run, the company’s transport pipelines and refining products.
The advantages of scalability and the consequent integration of oil and gas upstream and downstream are conducive to combating the risks of industrial volatility.
Imported crude oil trade Exploration and exploitation production of crude oil
They have large oil and gas zones like Daeqing, Changqing, Tari, Southwest, Xinjiang, Liao River, etc.
Exploration and exploitation of natural gas for production of ethylene, synthetic resins,
Fibre raw materials and polymers, consummate rubber, urea, etc.
The total length of oil and gas pipelines with a total exploitation of 700 natural gas is 26076 km.
As of the end of the third quarter of 2022, the shareholders in the company were the China Oil Group, with 81.54% of the shares, and the effective control was the State Finance Committee of the State Council.
The Government abolished the Ministry of Oil Industry in China and formed the China Oil and Gas Corporation, which took over the oil and gas exploration and production units on land that were formerly under the management of the Ministry of Oil Industry. In 1998, the State reorganized China Oil and Gas and China Petroleum Industries and created two major groups, the China Oil Group and the China Petroleum Industries Corporation.
China’s petrochemical group, after a series of asset swaps, has concentrated its main assets in the north-east, north-east, and north-west regions. As a major state-authorized petrochemical enterprise, China’s petrochemical group has witnessed the development and reform of the petrochemical industry, with deep and solid historical roots.
1.2 The exploration operations contribute agile performance, and oil prices are the main drivers. Corporate revenue and oil prices are more relevant, with net return accompanying oil price fluctuations. Companies as upstream/downstream integrated oil and gas companies have a more relevant trend in fluctuations in business income and net return profits and oil price fluctuations.
At the end of the third quarter of 2022, corporate operating income stood at $245,401 million, an increase of 30.58 per cent over the same year, with the largest share of net sales revenue, and the profit elasticity of exploration operations. The zero annual gross domestic product (Māori) ratio for hydrocarbons was 40.40 per cent and 36.09 per cent, respectively, and the Māori rate was 32.31 per cent and 21.82 per cent, respectively.
Since exploration production and refining are upstream and downstream operations, the reverse trend in Māori rates has led to a more or less stable combination of Māori rates for companies in recent years, thereby strengthening their resilience to risk.
• Exploration and production
▪ Natural gas and pipeline 2 Exploration production: the hub of oil and gas prices, increased profitability of companies 2.1 underutilization of capital expenditure and weak upstream supply growth
Capital spending has declined in step by step compared to the period up to 2015, with short medium- and long-term capital spending leading to a limited increase in supply. According to Opec, capital spending upstream worldwide has declined in step by step since 2015 and again in 2020 due to the impact of the epidemic. With the recovery of the post-epidemic economy, capital spending grew in 2021.
New blocks, which taste that they can be delivered, are limited, and the supply-side growth will become more pronounced as the wells are being depleted. 2.2 Crude oil supply is lacking, geo-conflicts are accelerating conflicting supply and demand is exposed, Russian oil production declined in November, and supply will be further reduced following the EU ban and Russian oil price restrictions.
Russian crude oil production was 9.45 million barrels a month, 10.2 million barrels a day less than the planned production in November. According to previous trade flows, as of 14 December, the Russian supply was still somewhat reduced after the Russian flow to Western Europe in December and February 2023.
The cap on prices of US$60 per barrel imposed by European and American countries, and the absence of financial, insurance, and other services from Euro-American enterprises above the cap, could cause problems with oil tanker congestion and transport capacity that could cause Russian crude oil to drop in liquidity. Taken together, the disruption of oil supply to the European Union by Russian sea and maritime liquidity problems are expected to lead to a decline in the flow of oil to the European Union.
Russia’s oil supply has contracted again, taking into account the low levels in April-May, and is expected to start in December with a further 250,000 Russian crude oil production that is growing weak, with limited production speed and space for production. Against the backdrop of the European energy crisis, the United States has become the main alternative to EU energy supply, but the main shale oil in terms of current US production is shale oil.
The production of single wells in the production zone is declining, and if production is to increase rapidly, more wells will need to be drilled, higher inputs will be required, and faster production of single wells will lead to higher production costs, which will be difficult to increase rapidly, given the current low willingness of large-scale United States energy companies to invest in hydrocarbon capital.
On 16th, the number of United States rigs returned to 776; crude oil production recovered to 12.1 million barrels per day, at a low pre-disease high level, and growth showed fatigue, with limited space for subsequent releases. Opec+ announced a 2 million barrels per day reduction, with a stronger determination to protect the plate.
On the same date, the reduction agreement was extended through December 2023 and the frequency of meetings of the Ministerial Oversight Committee was adjusted from one to two months. The importance of the OEC+ contribution to the global supply of crude oil was again highlighted.
Given that the real production in the OEC countries continues to fall short of the target production, it is hoped that the current production will be sustained in the future. Given that the OEC countries are consistently below target, the overall reduction in production in November will be better implemented, taking into account the low level of effective idle capacity.
The real reduction is well below 2 million barrels per day, with Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and 10,000 barrels per day being the main reduction countries, 938,000 barrels per day below the target, with real production in Angola and Nigeria well below the target, and production in Algeria, Iraq, Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates and Gabon slightly above the target, but above the target.
The sum of the total output is only 106,000 barrels per day. Subsequently, there is a low willingness to produce, owing to the persistently lower-than-target output releases in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates with high idle capacity; Angola and Nigeria have largely stabilized their production after the epidemic, with lower-than-statistical productive capacity expected to be available; and other countries have more idle capacity.
Limited, and therefore, production in the 10 countries of the future OEC agreement is expected to remain at the current level. Figure 19: Potential production in the non-OEC agreement country with limited idle capacity in November (million barrels per day) is difficult to release.
Iran and Venezuela have higher capacity: (1) Iran: after a new round of negotiations between Iran and the United States, progress on the INA has again stalled, and the “turban incident” that took both sides into a new round of games in September has left the two sides in a state of stalemate. Even if Iran’s idle capacity is promising to release, it will need to be released.
Time; (2) Venezuela: Production in Venezuela has been largely stable since this year, with only 120,000 barrels per day of idle capacity expected to be productive and productive. Among the non-opec-participating Opec+ countries that participated in the reduction agreement, Russia and Kazakhstan had a higher level of idle capacity in October, of which the pre-Kharan period was due to civil strife, cara.
The disruption in the supply of gas leaks from the sandy major oil fields and the maintenance of the cpc pipeline at two berthing points in the Black Sea have fluctuated significantly this year, but production has increased by 174,000 barrels per day in November, returning to normal levels of 162 million barrels per day.
In response to the energy crisis, the United States will release an additional 10 million barrels of oil from its strategic oil reserves in November, but the current US oil stocks have fallen to levels around 2004, reaching their lowest point after the United States completed the shale oil revolution, which could be a source of energy security for the United States mainland.
At the international level, the US cpi of October and November fell above expectations to 7.7%, as a result of successive increases in the Fed’s interest rate.
7.1%, followed by a slowdown in the pace of interest rates, demand will decline or fall to the bottom. On the domestic front, there are three arrows of real estate, followed by policies on bank credit support, bond finance support, equity financing and renewal to stabilize the real estate market and the economy, while control of the epidemic is gradually being optimized, and tourism travel is on the move.
The recovery in industry has led to marginal improvements in domestic demand and a gradual recovery in the demand for crude oil refining. 2.3 The international gas landscape has improved, and domestic natural gas has accelerated growth. 2.3.1 Global natural gas supply and demand tensions
International trade in natural gas is active, with Russia, the United States, and the Middle East as major external exporters. The global distribution of natural gas resources is concentrated, with five countries with the largest reserves: Russia, Iran, Qatar, Turkmenistan and the United States, and five countries pooling 64% of their detected reserves, while Europe and Asia and the Pacific produce and consume.
The global distribution of natural gas resources and the mismatch between supply and demand are affecting international trade in natural gas. In terms of trade structure, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region are the main importing areas, and Europe imports mainly in pipeline form, Asia and the Pacific imports in ng; the United States, Russia, and the Middle East are the main importers.
European gas imports depend heavily on Russia. According to bp data, Europe ' s main importers in 2021 were the United States and Qatar, and 30.8 billion and 22.5 billion cubic metres, respectively, were imported in 2021.
Overall, Europe's dependence on Russian gas is strong, with 18.4 billion cubic metres of total gas imported from Russia, or 38.63% of total imports. The North Creek incident continues to ferment, and the supply of European gas has shrunk significantly.
Since mid-June, the high-volume North Creek I has been suspended and reduced several times, Russian gas exports to Europe have declined rapidly. On September 27, North Creek pipeline operators indicated that there was an explosion leak in the North Creek pipeline and that repairs will continue for more than a year. The North Creek pipeline has now been completely suspended.
The drop in gas, and only the Turkish River gas pipeline maintained normal traffic, while the pipeline exported to Europe in 2021 accounted for only 8.30% of the gas. The gap created by Russian supply cuts was difficult to fill.
The pipeline gas is 174 billion cubic metres, and if the Russian supply is completely cut, the pipeline gas imports that Europe can find to supply alternative kits will increase by 20 billion cubic metres, the 10 billion cubic metres offset by new nuclear power projects, and the 14 billion cubic metres replaced by other fuel sources, totalling 104 billion cubic metres, representing the share of Russian gas imports.
In addition, there are 17 billion cubic metres of reserves released and 17 billion cubic metres of demand reduced, leaving a gap of 36 billion cubic metres of natural gas in Europe. If the current pipeline is open, it is assumed that the Ukrainian pipeline and the Turkish brook pipeline will be supplied properly, with 300 million cubic metres of gas per week for both pipelines in the future.
Europe has begun to cool, and supply and demand have been conflicting or will become apparent. The ‘10-point plan to reduce the EU’s dependence on Russian gas’ was released in March 2022, noting the need for the EU to ensure that gas stocks reach 1 October.
In June 2022, the EU resolution called for gas storage facilities to be at least 80% of natural gas by the winter of 2022. As of mid-November, the EU’s reserves had remained above 95%, and as Europe began to cool down by the end of November, they were falling, taking into account Russia’s shrinking supply to Europe.
Once production or exports from countries like the United States, Norway, etc. have fallen short of expectations, Europe’s demand for natural gas will be stunned by rapid increases in gas prices, which will support simultaneous increases in domestic and foreign prices of ng. The European gas gap will be medium- and long-term in its long-term dimensions.
The supply and demand of Europe’s gas markets this winter are only in a tight balance. As Europe’s heating season lasts for six months, gas consumption generally rises from September to its peak in March, so next March, Europe’s gas storage rate will fall to a low level, with the heating season ending, and Europe will begin to save again, but only to test it.
Considering that the value of the valley is far below the level of previous years, if Europe wants to restore the gas storage rate to 90 per cent within six months, it will need more gas imports, taking into account Imf's data, which still leaves a gap of 4.8 billion cubic metres per year, and 36 billion cubic metres if Russia is completely out of supply.
2.3.2 There is sufficient scope for domestic natural gas development and the process of exploration for domestic natural gas has accelerated. The main component of natural gas is methane (ch4), which is about one cubic metre of heat.
For 8,000-9,000 kcals, with high heat and no pollution, and gas power generation with short stoppage times, rapid slope rates, good regulatory performance, and the ability to effectively complement new energy sources, the annual energy green transition has reached 10.3 trillion cubic metres. Of this amount, 163 million additional geological reserves were added throughout the country in 2021.
With a 19.39 per cent increase in cubic metres, consisting of 80.51 billion cubic metres of conventional gas, 744.5 billion cubic metres of shale gas and 77.9 billion cubic metres of gas, our gas reserves are growing faster and, as technology advances, the forms of gas that can be exploited for exploration are diversified, allowing rapid increases in shale gas and gas reserves.
As an important complement to natural gas, our external dependence on natural gas is still high, with a large supply and demand gap. According to Wind, our annual compound growth in gas consumption was 12.3 per cent over the five-year period of 2021, well above natural gas.
Production rose by 8.4 per cent, and the supply and demand gap for natural gas continued to widen. In 2021, gas imports were dependent on a 24.3 per cent drop in natural gas imports as a result of higher international gas prices, vulnerability to losses in natural gas imports and weak domestic demand.
In January 2025, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency jointly issued the 14th Five-Year Plan for a Modern Energy System, which sets out our approach to energy development, its main objectives and its mission, as mentioned therein, for the period up to 2025.
The country’s annual production of natural gas is more than 230 billion cubic metres, and the construction of long gas pipelines and regional natural gas networks has been accelerated to promote network connectivity and improve the lang storage system. As a state-supported clean energy source, there is much room for future development of natural gas.
Currently, the price management of domestic natural gas is at the doorstep, and market-based reforms are proceeding rapidly in the form of a “double-track” system of government-directed and market-oriented pricing. Since the establishment of the new China, gas prices have gone through a number of stages, from a highly concentrated government pricing period to a plan that began in the 1980s.
The unplanned two-track system, followed by a combination of government-directed prices and market-based pricing in the twenty-first century, now that unconventional gases such as coal-bed gas and lang can be sold at market prices depending on supply and demand, the problem remains that eng spot shipments through the long pipeline network are subject to pipeline gas station prices, based on base gate prices +
The country’s natural gas market-based reforms are still deepening, and future gas pricing models are expected to be internationally compatible, leading to competitive pricing from different sources. Figure 41: Historical evolution of the gas price regime
A high concentration of prices per 1,000 cubic metres of gas wells.
Implementation of a constant package policy for natural gas commodities: planned natural gas is distributed and priced by the State, and foreign gas is sold and priced by enterprises on their own initiative
The same price is applied regardless of the object of the gas: A self-discharge policy is implemented: self-discharge is made up of targeted quantitative self-discharges, increases in overproductions, and savings in the use of the three components of external gas for commodity gas and production enterprises to reduce their own losses.
Accompaniment of government-directed pricing policies: simplified classification of prices into gas for fertilizer production, gas for direct industrial use and gas for urban gas use; regulation of the range of plant price fluctuations; based on crude oil, liquefied petroleum gas and coal prices
Establishment of a gas price-fixing mechanism for “non-residents before residents” “pilot” and “first-increment before stocks” “rationalization and liberalization” of gas gate price caps; establishment of a system of gas step prices for residents; introduction of natural gas
According to the Central Pricing Catalogue 2020, prices are regulated by the Government for domestic land-based gas and imported pipeline gas stations that were in production at the end of 2014; sea-based gas, shale gas, ng, directly for users, and imported pipeline gas that was in production in 2015
At the end of 2021, the company’s oil reserves were confirmed.
With 6,064 million barrels and 74,916 billion cubic feet of natural gas, oil and gas reserves are the highest in the country, with a significant resource advantage. Of these, oil exploration accounts for 88.63 per cent of the confirmed reserves, and natural gas exploration accounts for 56.83 per cent, and the resources to be developed are more abundant.
Figure 42: Size of oil reserves up to the end of 2021 Figure 43: Size of natural gas reserves up to the end of 2021
Oil production remained generally stable at 887.9 million barrels in 2021 and the target production for 2022 was 898.6 million barrels. By the end of the third quarter, 576.9 million barrels had been achieved; gas production had remained on the upward trend, reaching 4,42 billion cubic feet in 2021, compared to the figure for the period 2012-2021.
One billion cubic feet. The company is actively implementing the build-up in storage, with the domestic side, where the basins of Tarim, Rivers, Sichuan and others have been discovered several new oil and gas discoveries; and abroad, where the company has been steadily promoting project cooperation, building up its share in the Lumeira project in Iraq, and making new progress in risk exploration in areas such as Niger, Kazakhstan, Chad, etc.
The Department has continued to strengthen hydrocarbon development, which has kept corporate production at over 60 per cent of the country, while domestic oil and gas production is well established.
The company’s oil and gas costs are stable and its profitability is expected to increase in the face of rising oil and gas prices. The average realization price for natural gas is $7.78/dry cubic feet, an increase of 31.2 per cent compared to the previous 31.2 per cent; while the company’s oil and gas operating costs are relatively stable, at $11.73/bpb in the previous three quarters, an increase of only 3.3 per cent compared to the global oil.
In addition, the company’s gas exploration process is accelerating, and market prices are likely to generate new profitable growth points in the future as the market-based reform of gas prices progresses.
In 2020, the company's pipeline assets were restructured and the company sold its main gas pipelines, some reservoirs, lng receiving stations and base oil and gas holdings to the NMN group, thereby holding 29.9% of the stake in the NMN group.
At the end of the day, the NLN has a total of 922,000 km of oil and gas pipelines, 7 at lang reception stations, 5 underground reservoirs, and 12 provincial network companies. Through the transport advantages of the NLN oil and gas infrastructure, the company owns the largest and most extensive pipeline network in the country, strengthening the market.
3 Refined oils: size + industrialization as a moat, high-end competitiveness 3.1 refined oil production is second in the country with significant advantages of scale
The country’s refining capacity, which has been growing at a slower rate, is now oversupplying. Until 2015, the country’s refining capacity continued to grow at a higher rate, and since then it has declined at a slower rate, reaching 911 million tons per year, an increase of 2.82 per cent, as compared to 2021 million tons per year.
Since 2022, the capacity of refineries in the United States has been less than 75 per cent, compared to the average capacity per day in the United States, which is more than 1 million barrels per day in China, and is more than 85 per cent. This is mainly due to the structural nature of excess capacity in our refining industry: on the one hand, there are a large number of regulations in the industry.
Local refineries with small models and no stable supply of raw materials; on the other hand, excess capacity is concentrated on low-end products, while higher-end production capacity is poorer.
Figure 51: Low levels of domestic refinery capacity utilization, scale and high end are the way forward for the refining industry. According to China's PIC, during the period of “13th Five” there was a surge in the country's large refinery capacity, with the average size of the refinery from 5.11 million in 2016-2020.
Each year, the average size of the refinery will be further increased to 7.02 million tonnes/year, and the number of tens of millions of tons of grade refineries will be expanded to 33. In addition to the finished oils, the output of the refinery will include chemical products such as synthetic resins, synthetic rubbers, organic matter, among which some high performance materials and raw materials are at a higher level of dependence on imports, in particular.
In the context of the growing dual carbon and emerging technology industries, cost-effectiveness and product differentiation will be the determining factors for industry competition, i.e., industry’s main future direction of development is scalding and high.
Figure 52: The average size of refineries has gradually increased, Figure 53: Higher import dependence on domestic refined high-end products The second largest size effect in a company ' s refining capacity and significant advantage in crude oil processing costs in 2021.
The company ' s refining capacity of 210 million tons/year, which is the country ' s second largest refinery, accounts for 23.05 per cent of total capacity, and its 13 million-ton refining base is expected to yield higher scale benefits for the company ' s crude oil processing. The unit cash processing cost of 2022h1 is $209.5 per ton, which is slightly lower than China ' s petrochemicals.
3.2 Finish oils: Refining one and non-oil business expansion and access premiums, with a declining corporate fuel ratio in line with the restructuring of the economy and industry. With the development of the domestic economy and industrial structure, automobile holdings have steadily increased, and clean energy sources, such as natural gas, have gradually replaced diesel fuel for adaptation to the city.
The demand for fuel, the company adjusting its own fuel ratio, gas production increasing rapidly, and diesel production declining. The company ' s fuel ratio had fallen from 2.09 in 2012 to 1.18 by the end of the third quarter of 2022, and the oil structure of the finished products was constantly being optimized.
The Division has the flexibility to use light assets, such as joint ventures, franchises, and lease extensions, to develop refuelling gas stations and to speed up the completion of integrated operational mechanisms such as “retail + batch” sales + services. The model of corporate refining is not only beneficial in terms of access to channel resources, increased market ownership, guaranteed access to home-run refineries, and the use of petty asset zeros.
Selling can allow companies to obtain channel premiums, and wind data show that the retail price of diesel fuel is higher than the wholesale and direct sale prices, and the price difference is rising. Gas stations are expanding in size and non-oil operations are generating steady revenue. Companies are insisting on retailing and expanding.
By the end of 2021, the company had 22,800 gas stations, of which 20,734 were asset-based, with 35.3 per cent of the retail market. In addition, the company used gas station assets to innovate non-oil operations, business models, enhanced convenience shop marketing, and cross-border cooperative retail outlets, such as “hospitable coffee”, car swaps, etc.
Shops, etc., to accelerate the construction of the “people, cars, livelihoods” biosphere and enhance client service and efficiency. 2022h1 company non-oil operations generated $150 million in revenue, an increase of 12.0 per cent over the same period.
Figure 58: Increase in the number of gas stations in the company 3.3 Chemical: The intrinsic value of refining one plus high-end upgrading The variety of chemical products produced by the company is diverse and can be used in a variety of areas such as electrical appliances, cars, building materials, medical care, etc.
As the country ' s second largest synthetic material supplier, the company provides synthetic resin products such as polyethylene, polypropylene, abs, polystyrene, styrene, san, butene rubber products such as cytylene rubber, cytylene rubber, ethylpropyl rubber, and synthetic fibre products such as entropy, which form a variety of specialized polyvine products such as tubes, fibres, film, medical, vehicle, etc.
Hydrocarbon product series. The annual sales of polyolefin piped resin products, which account for 50 per cent of the domestic supply, rank first; the market share of products such as birconium rubber, soluble polybutylene rubber, etc., ranks second in the country; and the market share of products such as abs resin, acetylene rubber, etc., ranks second in the country.
Refinement enhances competitive advantages and increases the production and sale of high-end chemical products by increasing their intrinsic value. The company actively promotes the reduction of oil and lowers the rate of harvest of finished oil. As of 2022h1, the production of corporate chemical products as a proportion of crude oil processing has reached 14.6 per cent, while the company has actively promoted new material operations and established the Shanghai Institute for New Materials.
In addition, in the first half of this year, the Guangdong petrochemical integration project has entered the phase of closing and driving preparation, and in the context of high oil prices, the company's refining has become one.
The project will effectively reduce the cost of raw materials and contribute to higher oil utilization. High oil prices drag on the profitability of chemical industries, and demand margins improve expect a reverse at the bottom.
It is a loss, but as a result of the company's active efforts to improve the structure of refined products, the company's refining operations remain profitable against a background of a lower average crude oil price of $100 per barrel this year and a low demand for chemicals in the recent past, with a profit of $26,587 million in the first three quarters and a slight loss in the chemical industry of $221 million in the previous three quarters.
In terms of price differentials, the current price differentials for all types of products are at the bottom, with demand expected to improve marginally and the bottom of subsequent operations reversible, under the policy regulations of the recent easing of real estate and the gradual improvement of immunization. 4 New energy sources: clear transition paths, far-reaching strategic layout.
The Division developed a three-step strategy for energy transformation, planning to reach the 15 million tons of oil equivalent target for new energy sources through the development of the 14th Five-Year Plan, with a view to achieving a peak in carbon by around 2025; providing green zero-carbon energy sources beyond its own fossil energy consumption by 2035, and promoting the development of new energy operations in synergy with oil and gas operations, with a view to achieving 2035
New energy sources, oil and gas production capacity are one third each; by 2050, the goal of new energy sources and oil and gas is to achieve the five major energy platforms of “oil, gas, heat, electricity, hydrogen.” The new energy business is growing rapidly.
Construction and establishment of the Shenzhen New Energy Research Institute to provide research and development technical support for the development of new energy operations. In 2021, China ' s new oil and new energy operations rose at a total rate of $2.18 billion, with significant progress being made in geothermal and hydrogen energy, 39 new energy projects were completed throughout the year, and new energy development and utilization opportunities were created.
In view of the rapid pace of development, the Department adjusted its 2022 plan for 20,000 megawatts and 20 million m2 of geothermal. The company already had a stock of new energy projects. In 2022, the company issued two successive editions of the green medium-term instrument.
A total of 21 green industry projects, mainly in the areas of pollution prevention, clean energy, energy efficiency improvement and green transport, raised a total of $2.5 billion, stocked new energy projects, and the transition path in an orderly manner.5 Profit forecasting and investment proposals
5.1 Profit projection assumptions and business segmentation (1) Exploration and production: price aspects, we consider medium in the context of the global energy crisis and limited space for growth in crude oil production
Oil will not be rapidly phased out during the period, and demand will remain somewhat rigid, with oil prices expected to remain high for the next three years, at a spot price of $103/100/95/bpb of Brent crude oil in 2022-2024.
(2) Natural gas and pipelines: the supply and demand of natural gas in Europe will remain tight due to the cessation of partial Russian pipeline gas transport to Europe, and domestic gas prices will remain high in tandem, assuming company natural gas in 2022-2024
As companies continue to reduce the rate of harvest of finished oil and increase the production of high-value-added chemicals, we expect that, with the sharp increase in oil prices in 2022 and the decline in corporate sales of fuelwood and kerosene, the subsequent recovery is expected to be steady and that, as companies continue to reduce their fuel ratios, the volume of gasoline will increase faster than diesel fuel.
In the next three years, the growth in the production of natural gas and the boom in oil and gas prices will be the company that will grow its revenues. The company is a leader in the oil and gas industry in the country, combined with such operations as refining the oil and gas industry. We choose the country where China’s higher oil and gas reserves, its business structure and similar Chinese petrochemicals will be comparable in the country.
The company also selected an internationally renowned oil company, ExxonMobil, Shell, bp, and Dadal, for the International Year, which is six times lower than the international oil pipeline. China’s oil, the largest oil and gas reserve and the second largest oil producer in the country, is remarkable.
The company continues to explore for oil and gas to strengthen its crude oil reserves, strengthen its resource advantages, and accelerate the production of natural gas to respond to national calls, achieve energy transitions, and explore for life.
Production operations account for a relatively high proportion of the company ' s Maori share and, therefore, the company ' s progress in exploration and the expectation that the production of oil and gas fields will affect the company ' s revenue and profit movements, and its performance will be affected if the construction schedule is delayed by objective factors, resulting in less than expected progress in exploration.
Geopolitical risks. Geopolitical developments may affect exports from crude-oil-supplying countries or imports from crude-oil-demanding countries, thus affecting global supply and demand, and may cause large fluctuations in oil prices. 3) The risk of global demand decline.
The impact of factors such as the continued growth of global inflation, which has led to a global “boom-up” in which the risk of a global recession has increased. A larger demand recession could stimulate a fall in oil prices, draw conclusions on methodological and analytical logic, present the present report independently and objectively, and be held accountable for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.