China Oil is one of China's largest oil extraction and refining companies, Grand Duke 2021.
The Division has identified 6,064 million barrels of crude oil and 74.92 trillion cubic metres of natural gas reserves. The company produced 677 million barrels of crude oil and 3.44 trillion cubic feet of natural gas production in the first three quarters of 2022, and the crude oil processing volume was 896 million barrels, which is a national priority.
China’s oil-finished oil industry guarantees the relative stability of the company’s performance, while at the same time maintaining a relatively high position in the global crude oil price hub, with significant advantages in upstream operations, and
Offshore refining and natural gas shortages, the spread of finished oil cracks and the persistence of relatively high prices for offshore natural gas, and the growing value of corporate investment.1 The upstream hub of oil and gas prices is expected to remain relatively high, driven by a “double carbon” policy.
Lack of willingness to extract from upstream oil and gas companies globally, and long-term supply and demand bias in the medium- and long-term, or push for the maintenance of the centre of the original oil price. The company’s upstream production of oil and gas is stable, performing or sustained robust.
The company has a large volume of natural gas production and a large amount of lang, or is expected to achieve a two-point zero-price differential for the finished oil batch, which leads to a certain level of certainty of performance. The domestic zero-price differential for the finished oil batch is maintained in a more robust state, with the diesel batch zero-priced hub remaining at $1,000/
Tons, with a zero price margin of 400 yuan per ton for gasoline, the company's retail sales of only finished oil contributed around 15%, and since 2009 the performance of finished oil sales plates has been maintained at 3-7%. And overseas refining has been ongoing in recent years, prompting fuelwood gasoline.
There is a wide trend of overseas fragmentation and wholesale and export price differentials for finished oils, which, along with warming demand, are expected to achieve elastic performance.
Retrospectively, the rate of corporate interest payments has been maintained at more than 45 per cent since 2016, benefiting from the stability of the performance future and the maintenance of high-student patterns in the global crude oil price hub, and the expectation that, under pessimistic/neutral/optimistic scenarios for different oil price scenarios, the rate of corporate a dividends will be maintained
In view of the long-term high maintenance of the crude oil price hub and the neutral assumption that China ' s steady oil production will result in dollar/barrel profits, the company expects to realize a net return profit in 2022-2024. 1. The production of the oil and gas fields is not as fast as expected. 2. The supply and demand of crude oil is abnormally disturbed. 3.
Price liberalization; 4. terminal demand downturn; 5. Triangular data error impact; 6. Overseas 1 with greater certainty of future performance and asset defence attributes, with China ' s oil being the largest oil and gas producer and seller in China ' s hydrocarbon industry and the world ' s largest oil producer
One of the divisions. In addition to the upstream oil and gas assets, there is a large amount of refining power and a well-developed network for the sale of finished oil and gas, and the integrated industrial layout up and down to the end of the sale contributes to a stable profitability of the company and a relatively strong cash base, on which the company returns its shareholders positively and maintains a high rate of interest payments.
Higher rates of payment and higher rates of corporate dividends in recent years have contributed to stronger defensive attributes of corporate assets, while the company is gaining a more stable performance as a result of the continued clean-up of its assets abroad, accompanied by recovery of overseas demand, and the spread or sharp withdrawal of the price of the finished oil cracks, while China ' s quota for external exports of finished oil is concentrated mainly on China ' s petrochemicals and China ' s petroleum.
At the same time, it is expected to achieve profitability elasticity as a result of the reversal of the cycle in the petrochemical industry.1.1 The supply of upstream hydrocarbon assets is stable, and energy security needs guarantee robust capital spending.
Figure 4: The company has shown that the reserves of natural gas have remained stable Figure 3: the company has found that the reserves of crude oil have recovered by a trillion cubic feet, a 5 per cent increase over the previous year.
Figure 6: Company crude oil production (million barrels) Figure 7: Company natural gas production (billion cubic feet) is a reserve ratio that provides a solid basis for company growth and a steady and sustained increase in production.
Since the twenty-first century, in the process of economic globalization and the restructuring of international industries, some high-consumption, resource-based industries have been transferred to China, while energy use levels are low and wasteful losses are high, all leading to China's energy consumption.
In 2020, China became the second largest energy-consuming economy in the world, after the United States. In 2021, China accounted for 16.4 per cent of total global energy consumption.
The proportion is still as high as 82.7 per cent, while fossil energy continues to dominate China's energy supply, with coal, crude oil and natural gas being China's energy weight.
In recent years, China ' s oil and gas production has increased at a slower pace than the demand growth associated with economic development, with the demand gap being further widened and oil and gas import dependence increasing. In 2021, the oil and gas gap reached 513 million tons and 1,282.16 million cubic metres, respectively. Oil and gas external dependence reached 74 and 44 per cent, respectively.
In order to protect China’s energy security, the government has in recent years consistently launched documents to increase oil and gas exploration and production. China’s energy security problems and the rise in global crude-oil prices have prompted companies to increase capital spending, and production from oil and gas reserves has been secured.
Global spending on hydrocarbon capital remains at a low rate, with reference to the 2022 guidelines. The central reason for this trend is that the world’s major hydrocarbon companies, driven by global “doubt carbon” policies, even if they receive a strong cash flow as a result of a rebound in oil prices, will first use the funds to reduce corporate indebtedness and increase shareholder returns, while increasing capital spending to boost oil and gas production and new ones.
In contrast, corporate capital expenditure has risen against industry trends, with firm capital expenditure rising since 2016 at a higher level, with firm capital expenditure for 2022h1 rising by 92.31 billion yuan, or 24.94 per cent, on the basis of capital spending.
In 2022, capital spending amounted to $242 billion. Corporate capital spending was reversed and expanded during the epidemic, thus contributing to the subsequent growth of the company with greater certainty.
The National Agency for Construction and Energy is learning about the party’s 20 main thrusts, and is working to ensure that gas is kept safe, that the population is protected, and that the demand for gas is kept warm and that the industry is promoted. The party’s 20 main demands are to move the energy revolution forward, and to increase gas and gas resources.
The energy sector should be based on national circumstances, remain firm, assertive, and increase its initiative to raise the price of gas for the heating season to a stable price.
In October 2022, at the twenty-first session of the information centre, the Centre maintained its commitment to maintaining the security of the country’s diverse supply base, taking full advantage of the ballast role of coal and the basic tone of coal power.
It is also important to further develop a sound coal, oil reserve system, 1.2, and the profitability of the sales business.
The net return profit of the company began to recover at a low point in 2016, with a net return of 92,161 million yuan in 2021, and the net return profit of the first three quarters of 2022 has exceeded the total annual return of the parent profit level in 2021.