Q3 performance is expected to increase.
The semi-annual report for 2018 was published in detail. The business income of the 2018h1 company was 12.26 billion yuan, an increase of 45 per cent in the same year, and the net profit from maternity and non-mortality was 826 million yuan and 762 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 21 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively.
The rise in revenue is clear, the growth of new business is striking, the current operating income is $6,622 million, an increase of 52 per cent over the same period. The company has achieved a net return profit of $826 million, an increase of 21 per cent over the same period.
Stock prices increased by 29% compared to market performance (nearly 12 months). The net profit from non-repatriation was 511 million yuan, an increase of 55% from the same year.
There is an advantage in expanding areas of business. Multi-product lines go hand-in-hand, q3 performance increases fast. Corporate traditional projects have been sound and new projects are moving well during the reporting period.
The rate of revenue for both secret components has remained stable. There has been a significant increase in revenue for automobiles, telecommunications interconnectivity products, and sophisticated components, and the rate has been largely stable. The overall rate of revenue for consumer electronics has also increased rapidly, with a slight decline in the rate of Māori.
The wireless recharge receiving end is expected to become a major customer supplier and to cut into the receiving end. The market share of motor products is expected to continue to rise. The acoustic project is going well, and the market share is expected to be higher.
In the third quarter, where new projects are concentrated, the costs of input and extension learning will still be slightly higher than normal. The company will take advantage of the team in terms of process, quality assurance, and scale-up production management, and will work to shorten the learning-up cycle to ensure the completion of business earnings and benefits.
Corporate disclosure of equity incentive schemes, covering middle-level managers and core technical cadres, has helped to motivate staff and increase the company’s confidence in future development. Companies focus on serving large clients, with a strong capacity to develop and expand new product lines and move into consumption.
Electronic connectors, wireless headphones, wireless chargers, acoustics, motors, icp antennas, etc., are well advanced in communications and auto electronics, laying the foundation for continued growth in company performance in the future.
1. Risk of a drop in the volume of smart phones; 2. Risk of a large client ordering less than expected; 3. Risk of a new product being underdeveloped; and 4. Risk of a new application not getting better than expected.
45% net profit from maternity and non-mortality is 826 million yuan, which represents a 21% increase from the previous year, and 2nd, a marked increase in revenue, a sharp increase in new business growth. The semi-annual report for 2018 is well publicized.
Management costs increased by 10.52 per cent, compared to 1.24 percentage points in 2017, mainly salaries, depreciation spreads and increased investment in R & D projects, new corporate projects in the R & D phase, and increased R & D inputs, resulting in an increase in management costs. R & D-related expenditures increased by $373 million over the same period, and R & D costs increased from 6.75 per cent to 7.75 per cent over the same period last year.
Increases in interest and exchange rate movements resulted in exchange gains and losses of $34.35 million in the first half of the year.q2 exchange rate fluctuations generated revenues of $1.644 billion for computer-connected products and sophisticated components on the company’s financial costs, an increase of 0.7 per cent, and 21.35 per cent, an increase of 0.51 percentage points, respectively; and $728 million, an increase of 76 per cent, for automobile-connected products and sophisticated components.
iii. Multi-product lines go hand in hand, and q3 performance is expected to grow faster. Corporate experience in traditional projects is robust, and new projects are progressing well during the reporting period.
Interest rates are also generally stable. Consumer electronics are also growing at a similar pace, with a slight decline in the Māori rate. An increase in the volume of sales of airpods and a good product climb will help companies to improve their performance. Wireless recharge receivers are expected to become the main suppliers of large clients and to cut to the receiving end. The market share of motor products is expected to continue to rise.
In the third quarter, where the production time of new projects is concentrated, the costs of company input and extension learning will remain slightly higher than normal. Companies will take advantage of the team in terms of process processes, quality assurance, and scalding production management.
Efforts are made to shorten the learning upscaling cycle to ensure that business income and profit growth goals are met. Companies expect to return to their parent companies in January-September to publish equity incentives that cover mid-level managers and core technical cadres, which help to motivate staff and highlight the company’s confidence in future development.
The company ' s focus on serving large clients, with a strong new product line development and outreach capability, has access to consumer electronic connectors, wireless headphones, wireless chargers, acoustics, motors, icp antennas, and is well advanced in communications and automobile electronics, laying the foundation for a sustained growth in the company ' s future performance.
IV. Profit forecasting and investment recommendations, the risk of a drop in the volume of smartphones; the risk that large client orders fall short of expectations; and the risk that new products are not being developed as fast as expected: 4, that new applications are not being infiltrated as expected.
In 2016, you joined the Associated Securities Institute, certificate number: US$ 030005160001.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.