• Foreword: the company has grown at a sustained rate, relying on a strong precision manufacturing capacity from the connector.
At this point in time, we have a deeper understanding of the growth logic of the company: 1) Cell phones are large and the factory itself has a strong R & D and integration capability, understanding the functions and processes of spare parts is better than the supplier, and creating a sophisticated mix and management capacity to become a customer-to-client.
In terms of the dimension of the product, the company has not only succeeded in the horizontal expansion of multiple products, but has also made sustained breakthroughs in core parts, home-made, and stocks. The precision of the manufacturing capacity is deep, and the variety of products has expanded successfully: the company revolves around “old customers, new products.”
strategy to achieve continued expansion of product categories: 1) Wireless headphones, wireless chargers, etc. Products continue to replace wired products by liberating their hands and adapting them to end product trends. 2) 5g and full screen roll-out, the icp antenna is more advantaged in high frequency, space use and is expected to be comprehensive
Promotion, with a significant increase in value; 3) Acquisition of sundry by corporate groups, which is expected to become a new public track for optical science.  Entry into upstream cores, strengthening product competitiveness and cost-control capabilities: product lines are growing.
At the same time, companies actively cut upstream cores such as spkbox, mic, linear motors, where the material self-production rate is increasing, and where cost improvements are expected to lead to a sustained increase in profitability. At the same time, deep upstream core layouts can significantly enhance product competitiveness and thus support apple abundance more strongly.
▪ Pluralized terminals such as auto electrons, telecommunications base stations, tweepables, etc., inject strong dynamic energy into future development: 1) New-energy vehicle high-voltage major current system components break through, whole-line beams, institutional parts, transformers continue to grow rapidly, parent companies acquire bcs from the lower trw and own supply of tier1
The commercial integration capability of the Automotive Electronics Platform will be followed by a new step: 2) base station antennas, medium filters, photocommunication module operations mature and benefit 5g will soon be able to rise to the occasion. 1 q2 is better than q1 and new in the second half of the year.
The 18-year valuation still leaves room for improvement, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Automobile electronics are slow and sophisticated: the fast-growing consumer electronics industry leads 1.1. The company is the leading consumer electronics industry in the country and continues to grow well.
With the expansion of product groups, even as the growth of smart machines stagnated in 17 years, company revenues and profits have increased at a high rate of 66% and 46%, respectively.
Figure 2: Corporate net profits have grown rapidly in recent years, and the firm has grown into a leader in the consumer electronics industry on the basis of its strong and sophisticated manufacturing capacity. At this point, we have gained a deeper understanding of the growth logic of the company: 1) mobile phones have strong R & D capabilities and integration capabilities in their own right.
Power, understanding of the functions and processes of parts and components is better than that of suppliers, and there is excellent collaboration and managerial capacity to become the customer's understanding of hardware to the bottom of the ground; and 2) in terms of the dimension of the product, companies have not only succeeded in the horizontal expansion of multi-products, but have also made sustained breakthroughs on core parts and stocks.
1.2. The end-user’s understanding of hardware is better than that of the supplier
To locate the hardware and then find a rational technological path from the rich patent and technology reserves, a top-down approach that makes it easier to escape the limitations of ordinary hardware suppliers. In the case of cameras, there is always no limit to the user's need for photographs, so it pushes the camera model to continuously upgrade its pixels, single to double, and by number of cameras.
Increased adaptation, and even a perfect replacement for mono-reverse functions, was five years ago, for the camera module plant, which, although the mobile phone plant did not directly produce parts, with sufficient stocks of materials and processes, could give a technological solution for leading industries. For example, the lcp antenna, which was launched 17 years ago, was crowded by the design of the full screen.
In the middle of the cell phone, the antenna signal was affected, apples, in collaboration with the village field, replaced the traditional pip base material with the icp base material, and for the first time, the icp antenna design was launched, based on the deep accumulation of apples in the material field. Figure 3: The icp antenna design developed by the apple, in collaboration with the village field.
Figure 4: Apple self-developed loudspeaker waterproof designs, and apples can also provide evidence of their powerful hardware strength in 3dsensing layouts. In 17 years, apples have applied the luminum program of the purchased Primesense to iphonex, which, because of its complex structure, requires the use of vcsel.
Almost 10 key components, such as chips, optical components, cos sensors, have been implemented, and the selection of each component and process is the result of numerous tests by apples and suppliers, and this is why the Apple 3d supply chain has surfaced for more than a year and other brands have been looking for reliable and mature hardware and software options.
Figure 5: iphonex achieves a complex 3dsensing structure 1.3. The executive and managerial capacity of the company is a guarantee of continuous expansion of the class.
In response to the diversification needs of clients, new products have grown in rhythm since they were listed, and product lines have been expanding. In the case of the Lighting Line, the company began to supply the Lighting Line for Apples in 13 years, when the Apple Lighting Line was provided mainly by Fujican and Jung-hoon, and its share continued to rise as apples by increasing the automation of production lines and by strictly controlling the cost of production.
One of the main suppliers of the lighting line.
This post is part of our special coverage Global Voices.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Airpodscaptic hddcable
High-endcharger made type-cdongle
Antenna charger made it
I don't know what to do with it, but I don't know what to do with it.
It's not a good idea.
The combination of lightningcable acoustics and metaphysicals is also an example of the fact that Matt has a deep accumulation of technology and a well-developed acoustic supply chain, together with Seymour, Golle shares, and Fae Electronics, all of which are apple suppliers, but with a small share.
With a strong executive and managerial capacity, sound products have grown rapidly and rapidly in scale, accompanied by building blocks, and figure 7: American harvests have improved significantly since the start of the operation.
The core device layout continues to grow in depth, choosing high-quality tracks, and the ability to expand its share of the product class has ensured that it will continue to grow at a high rate over the next few years. In the second half of 18, under the lead of the big client lcd iphone, wireless chargers, acoustics, wireless headphones, icp antennas, and linear motors will provide a strong company.
The rapid penetration of type-c will also give new energy to traditional connector products, while the long-standing deployment of automobiles, electronics, and communications, is expected to yield results. The module’s manufacturing capacity is deep, and its products continue to benefit from a wider range of products.
2.1. Airpods leads the trend of wireless headphones, complex design increases precision manufacturing value added. Apple launched its first real wireless headphones at the launch in September 2016, which was well received by the market. According to slitentelligence, the airpods took their U.S. Wireless ears off the market a month ago.
The market share of the network market is 26%, and airpods delivered about 13 million in 2017, making it the best-selling part of Apple's history. In addition to easy access, wireless headphones can be combined with voice recognition, health monitoring, and as the sound gets up,
Apple's airpods can use Siri for voice control, and in the new patent, bioemtricsensor has been exposed for heart rate monitoring. According to wiforeconsulting, the entire headphone market is expected to exceed $40 billion in 2020, with the main engine of growth being wireless headphones.
In order to achieve music play, wireless communication, control, etc., smaller parts of wireless headphones will need to contain a large number of components, including master panels, chips, antennas, sensors, batteries, up to hundreds of pieces of components, which will be very tested for the precision of the manufacturer of the module, while at the same time generating a higher value added.
In the case of airpods, a single size of only 16.5 mm x 18.0mm x 40.5 mm, with a high degree of integration, the main chip w1 is a wireless communication chip, equipped with six sensors: Bosch accelerometers, st accelerometers, two optical sensors and two mems microphones, for introspection and filtration of external noise.
Figure 12: Airpods Header Dismantling Chart 13: Airpods Headphones containing multiple sensors charge boxes with 44.3 mm x 21.3 mm x 53.5 mm size, using lightning interfaces with primary chips with multiple sensors
st mcu, nxp chargeic and ti power managementic, which also contains a lithium battery at 3.81v, 1.52 W, with a battery capacity of approximately 16 times the size of the anirpods headphones, which can be filled with eight batteries.
Because the aerpods are one of the most complex products of the apple process so far, with lower initial rates, the climbers' rate is now at a higher level. With strong manufacturing sophistication, the company's share of the airpods has gradually risen and is now the first supplier of the airpods, which continues to grow as the volume of the airpods continues to grow, and the company is producing.
In terms of quality, we expect that 18 years of anaeropods' surrogates will bring a significant increase in the company’s performance.
With Samsung, Apples, and other infrastructure such as the launch base, and user habits, wireless charging has gradually become the branding of the flagship phone. According to the release of the new national production aircraft in the first half of the year, Mi and Hua are carrying the same fleet, and Opo and vivo have plans for their development, and we judge the second half of the year as the national product flag.
Warship wireless charging is expected to accelerate infiltration. Wireless charging requires coordination between the launch and receiving ends, and the entire wireless charging industry chain consists mainly of programme design, electrical source chips, magnetic materials, transmission loops and modules.
1. Program design and power source chips account for up to 60% of the main profits from wireless charge, mainly from end brands and chip manufacturers such as apples, tristars, high access, ti, and idt.
In addition, domestic wiring has a better layout in both the wireless charging program and the chip, and its proposed soc program has been certified by qi. Figure 18: The profit ratio of the links in the wireless charging industry chain
Figure 19: Three Generations of Wire charged Substrate Design 2) Domestic listed companies are mainly involved in the three links of materials, wiring and module manufacturing. Magnetic materials are currently used for iron oxygen and nanocrystals, apples use iron oxygen, and three stars use nanocrystals.
More effective, more charged, but more costly, and more sophisticated composites are being developed. Intra-faith communications, combined forces, Skyton shares, trans-store magnetics and Antai technologies have a relatively large stock of magnetic materials. 3) In the transmission loop, the launch end is mainly a loop, and the receiving end is mainly a fpc corrosion ring and a wiring.
The advantage of the fpc program is that it is thinner, and the advantage of the bypass program is that it is more efficient. Apples and Samsung are now more effective.
The company, with the power of a powerful module, is fully benefiting from the outbreak of the industry, and there's a relatively large number of players in the module manufacturing chain, the precision of which is mainly based on the power of a powerful module to create and transmit the coils, and the precision of the signal as early as 2015 was the power of the Apple applewatch wireless charging module.
The supplier has a better position at the launch and receiving end.Figure 22: Precision is the primary source of the applicationwatch wireless charger module, and the wireless charger module is required to bind the transmission loop, magnetic material, graphite carbon material, base, etc.
The intelligence of intelligence is to cut into the manufacture of wireless recharge modules, using the thick, compatible process accumulated in the field of mutilating products, and also to provide magnetic materials such as iron oxygen. We believe that the sophisticated accumulation of cellular manufacturing and the coil processing capability of the company is wireless.
In 18 years, apples will be sold to wireless chargers, and companies will be supplied almost exclusively in the launch-end loop. They will also be on the receiving end of a new product for the second half of the year, with a single machine worth around $3. Moreover, the company is also a wireless charger for domestic brand customers, and as the flagship ship continues to mount, the company will be charged wirelessly.
2.3. Full screen, 5g-driven antenna upgrades, significant volume increases 2.3.1. lcp antennas have high frequency and flexible advantages, and 5g and full screens accelerate promotion 17 years of apples using a new-generation antenna design in iphonex: the icp antenna, and the icp antenna is actually the same.
One of the softboard antennas, made up of copper, insulation, cover, etc., is currently dominated by polyamide (pi) and lcp (lcp) by liquid crystal polymer (lcp), so what is the advantage of using lcp instead of the pi insulation matrix?
First, the medium constant of the lcp base is lower than that of the pi. At the same time, it has been tested that, as the frequency rises, the loss of the common pip base has risen dramatically, while the loss of the lcp has changed relatively little. Also, the lcp base has performed better in high-temperature, acid-based environments. Therefore, the lcp is better suited as a base for high-frequency transmission.
As 5g gradually arrives, we believe that the penetration of the lcp soft-board antenna will increase further. Second, the lcp matrix is more flexible than the pip-based material, which will increase the use of the internal space of the mobile phone: 1) Soft-like antennas can bend over several times without bounce, and the lcp soft-plate can be more durable than the pi soft-plate under the same conditions.
The number of bends and smaller curved radiuss allow for the production of 3d condensed antennas attached to the surface of the carrier, thus saving space and making the interior design of the antenna and the cell phone more flexible.
Figure 28: Multiple bendings of the ccp antenna up and down of iphonex 2) ccp softboards can replace radio frequency coaxial cables and save further space. Before iphone 8/8p/x, tango mainly uses radio frequency coaxial cables for antenna data transmission, and coaxial cables have the advantage of being able to perform low-depletion.
Large-volume data transfer, the disadvantage is that it is thicker than coaxial cable. The lcp board loss feature is slightly better than the same cable, and is designed on multiple layers to meet the requirements for large-volume data transfer. Most importantly, the 3-storey system has only 0.2 mm flip thickness, a 65% reduction in radio frequency compared to the axle cable. Meanwhile, the iphonex mainboard radio frequency connector is also relayed by lcp
Soft screen replacement. As the full screen design squeezes off the inside antenna of the cell phone, the antenna signal is affected, and the icp soft screen allows for miniaturization based on flexible features, which is expected to be expanded as the full screen is rapidly filtered.
In addition to the design, as mobile phone functional modules become more and more abundant, the use of inter-cell space tension will also accelerate the spread of the icp board in the mail transmission area.
In the process, the lcp antenna is similar to the traditional pi antenna, and the industrial chain consists mainly of the manufacture of the previous raw material manufacturer, fccl (soft copper coating), the manufacture of softboard in the middle and the manufacture of the subsequent module in the previous segment.
Raw materials lcp particles, lcp film, lcpfccl, the lcp softboard in the middle sector is supplied mainly by Japanese-American manufacturers, and Anfino and domestic communications, telecommunications and telecommunications know-how are mainly involved in the manufacture of the latter module. Apple introduced icp softboards on iphone8 and 8p in 2017 to replace the antenna's radio frequency coax cable.
Four pieces of lcp softboard were used on iphonex: the top and bottom two antennas (including radio frequency coaxial cables), the trunking panels on the main plate and the 3d camera, with the main supplier being Murata, Japan, responsible for the overall programme of the first, medium and rear segment modules, and selected the joint benefits and Afino to assume parts of the softboard and modular links, respectively.
Since the Apple Fall 3-type software will be designed on a full screen in 18 years, the demand will increase significantly. The first segment of the material chain will be more difficult and will continue to be in the hands of the village: the share of the central soft-board co-benefits is expected to increase; and the share of Anfino is expected to be expected, as the advantage of the village is in the first part, and the later module will be phased out.
At the same time, based on the results of the industrial chain study, the high profile of the communications, based on the strong strength and wealth of experience at the module link (the ccp antenna bends over the smt very high), has been cut into the module of the large client, the ccp antenna. The value of the previously pi-based antenna was less than US$ 1 and the value of the top and bottom two lcp antennas was about US$ 10.
The potential benefits of the lcp antenna are expected to increase significantly in value. 2.4. The Group's acquisition of the photo-optics camera module is expected to open up a new track. In March 18, the setup under the umbrella of the Group used $360 million in innovative ways to acquire the cameras module of the Group.
From one to two, three, and 3dsensing, optical has been one of the most intensive areas of innovation in the consumer electronics industry, and the market space continues to be opened. The camera module is in the PV sector, where the share is around 25%.
The first camera model manufacturer was strong and focused on the development of a high-end camera module, which, according to the big data, ranked fifth in the first half of 2017, in close coordination with the big customer, was a supplier of two-camera models like mate10, p10, and Mae Man6.
Figure 37: Number of deliveries of photo-cam modules from January-November 16, figure 36: 2018 q1 share of revenues by sector
Gwangbao is also the main supplier of the three-module p20 series for 18 years. For the first time on a flagship p20pro and maters, China uses three cameras, "Colour + Black + White + Long Cartoon" , with a significant increase in photo performance, 10 points are popular with consumers, and the sales for 2.5 months since the p20 series came on the market have reached 6 kk, and we've decided that 15 kk a year.
The goal of the shipment is likely to be a breakthrough. Compared to double-photos, the three-modules require more precision, the manufacturing process is much more complex, and the main supply status of Shinyo indicates a deep build-up in the field of high-end camera models.
The upward trend in acoustics has been evident in parts and components of smart machines.
When iPhone7 is released, the waterproof feature is added, and receiver is amplified as a second speaker, producing stereo effects. After 17 years of iPhonex, the receiver performance on top of the cell phone is almost identical to the speakerbox below. At the same time, we can see that it is obvious.
We believe that future acoustic performances around sound will continue, mainly in low frequency. In the case of Sioux, the newly launched sls structure can increase the maximum amplitude and consistency of low frequency, and, because of the loudspeaker size, sound output, sls structure can increase medium- and low-frequency in constant sizes, and voltage can be achieved.
As performance increases, the value of products is expected to continue to rise. The company’s acquisition of Sioux Mete combines its deep technical base in acoustics with its strong executive and managerial capabilities, large-scale introduction of flexible modularization/automated production, rapid growth in sound products, and rapid expansion in scale.
Expanding, and raising the share of larger clients. At the same time, companies use silicon film instead of traditional silicon film, silicone material is more mobile and has a wider range of temperature adaptations, and when the speaker works, the silicon is less susceptible to deformation due to temperature changes, which can better guarantee the performance of the speaker and enhance the competitiveness of the product.
In addition, with the continued growth of corporate acoustics, the home-made rate of the Aerpods core devices is expected to increase, and according to the dismantling of ixixit, a single airpod requires one spk and two mics, with the company currently equipped. At the same time, the company has sufficient reserves on bluetooth antennas, parts of the structure, and the cost changes as the raw materials self-formulate.
After-care profitability is expected to continue to grow. Moreover, the layout of deep upstream cores can significantly enhance product competitiveness and thus support apple-rich product stocks more strongly. 3.2. Linear motors are promising, and the full screen era is expected to accelerate penetration.
From the spin horse to the linear motor, seeking the most abundant touchback feedback. When a mobile phone enters the touchscreen age, the touchback becomes an important part of the human interaction that directly affects the consumer’s experience of using it.
In both cases, the former are less costly, but less responsive, less vibrating, more thick, and the linear motor is quick, more vibrating, more nuanced, less expensive, but more costly, and is currently used mainly on high-end mobile phones. Linear motors also split the vibration of the z-axis and the xy-axis, usually circular, with the z-axis 3 mm left.
Right, the xy axis is usually linear, with a vibration distance of more than 10 mm. In addition to the selection of high-performance motors, there is a need for co-ordinated touch ic and signal design, as well as for co-ordinated tactile feedback, even other sensors.
Figure 47: A rich sense requires a combination of driveic and signal design, Figure 48: Customization of tactile feedback also requires a combination of other sensors.
As early as September 2014, Apple's first generation applewatch used the tapticengine tactile feed engine. According to the supply chain survey, Apple's design for the next generation applewatch4, in addition to using a larger display screen, will replace the previous press-pressure physical button with a fixed button similar to iphone7, which we expect to watch.
With the penetration of the full screen, the physical pressure home key is gradually being removed, and mobile brands are paying more attention to contact feedback, and linear motors are becoming more popular in Andre.
Flagship phones are lined with z-axis motors, 18-year-old Xy-axis 15, htcud12+, and hammer r13 flag ships carrying Xy-axis linear motors, and we judge that future penetration of Andre-phones is expected to accelerate.
The company’s linear motor business has been nurtured for many years, and based on supply chain research, the company has been in North America for 18 years.
At the same time, most of the André flagship aircraft has been mounted on a linear motor, and as technology advances and costs improve, we expect that the future Xy-axis linear motor will be widely adopted and that the company will continue to benefit from the upgrading of the mobile phone motor to a linear motor to the xy-axis.
Multipolar terminals such as auto electrons, telecommunications base stations, and wearingables have injected strong dynamic energy into future development 4.1. New energy vehicle operations have broken down and car electronic sails have sailed
Thanks to the rapid growth in the sale of new energy vehicles and the rising penetration of adas, the global automobile electronics market has been growing rapidly, and we expect to reach $280 billion in 2019, with a composite growth rate around 2012-2019.
It is expected to continue to grow rapidly as major domestic and foreign branding households move in. At the same time, the company will make a breakthrough in the area of new energy cars in 18 years.
The pool, where the work voltage has risen from 14v to 400~600v in traditional cars, requires a complete overhaul of the electrical and electronic structure of the car, using high voltage large current design, with a higher value. The company has created the Sunjiang system for 17 years, and has introduced new energy power powered auto high-voltage connections, including connection devices, high-pressure beams, chargers, composite master rows, etc.
Figure 57: Parts of a high-voltage big current system for new energy vehicles, and 17 years of acquisition of global body control by Trw, a German company, by Hong Kong Holdings.
Systems Department, whose products include complex switches, switching to control modules, electronic dashboards, air conditioning controllers, keyless entry systems, remote control keys, tire pressure monitoring systems, and rain-sunsensors, etc. In 16 years, Geelevu was ranked second in global vehicle zero manufacturers’ revenues, and Trw also had a strong technological build-up in body and electronics.
There is no entry into the listed company system, but it is expected that more high-quality customer resources will be imported into the company to complement existing electronic car operations with better synergies.
4.2. For the benefit of 5g communications, the base station operations have a large growth space of 5g as a fifth generation mobile communication technology with a higher rate, reliability and lower time delay compared to 4g, and will be commercial in 2020. In the near future, the 3gpp Plenary approved the fifth generation mobile communication technology standards (5gnr) independent group
The network functions are frozen, so that the first phase of full functionality standardization has been completed, and the industry has been able to hit the new stage, and 5g is closer to us. As a result of the need to complete sea level connectivity, the number of 5g base stations will increase significantly, and we expect the number of 4g base stations to rise.
More than 1.5 times, when base station antennas, optical communication modules, fibre optics, etc. will be in demand. Products such as base station antennas, light modules, medium filters, etc. that companies have developed in the field of base station communications are becoming mature.
The demand for media filters will be enormous, given that each antenna requires two filters, given that it is able to make smaller volumes and lower losses, which are well suited to the 5g mm wave transfer characteristics.
The light communication module is primarily a light device for the high-speed conversion between light signals and telecommunications, consisting of functional modules such as light reception, light transmission, lasers, detectors, etc., as core components for the "electric-photo-electric" transfer. The 4g base station is currently mainly based on the 10g light module, and 5g will select a light module of 25g/100g, with the light module used for each base station.
For 12, we judge that the large-scale construction of the 5g base station is likely to stimulate the demand for light modules. On the 2018 ofc, the 100gsfp56dr module and the high-speed light wire cable product were accurately displayed, and we believe that as the 5g building continues, the company's layout includes light modules, base station antennas, media filters.
Communications such as wavers are expected to be released. 4.3. Demand for apparel is stable and growth is expected to continue, but there is also good market performance for wearable equipment, which, according to idc data, will be delivered globally.
From 100 million in 2016 to 238 million in 2021, the annual compound growth rate was 18.3 per cent. Figure 64: Rapid growth in the market for wearing equipment. Figure 65: Rapid growth in sales of applewatch (in millions)
The company acquired Fung Island, Suzhou, as early as 2014, and moved into the area of wearing equipment and smart households, and gave the applewatch supply tape, which, according to idc, increased by 55.9 per cent in 2017 by 17.7 million, compared to 55.9 per cent in the same year.
1) Consumer electronics: The consumer electronics products of the company include, inter alia, consumer electronic connectors, wireless headphones, audio, wireless chargers, icp antennas, and linear motors. The company’s 18-year consumer electronic connector growth is robust, wireless earphones are expected to remain high, and acoustics are expected to increase to more than 20% in North America’s large customer supply chain, wireless charging, icp
2) Computer interconnectivity products and precision components: The size of the computer connector product collection has remained generally stable, and we expect 3) communications interconnectivity products and precision components: the growth of communications interconnections has been stable and will continue to grow with 5g of commercial use in the future. 4) Automobile interconnectivity products and precision components: as the electronic car market continues to grow well, the electronic car connectors will continue to grow.
Science, lcp antennas, linear motors, and so on, are expected to continue to grow at a high rate. Based on the company’s faster business over the last two years, large clients are selling less than expected: the company is currently the main supplier of large-scale products, and the output of products depends on the volume of large-scale customers, and there may be a risk that large-scale customers will sell less than expected.
Wireless charger, wireless headphone penetration is not as good as expected: the company's wireless charger, wireless headphone production climbs well... But the increase in later penetration also depends on consumer acceptance of new technologies.
The volume growth was not as good as expected, car electronics was slow, and corporate orders would be affected.