Accuracy (002475.sz) Follow-up on many of the new items in the consumer industry, automobiles and communications developments are worth a while 6.62 billion yuan in sales revenue in the first quarter of the quarter, an increase of 52.1 per cent over the same period, attributable to net profits of shareholders in listed companies.
493 million yuan, an increase of 29.5 per cent over the same period.
Consumer electronics continues to be the main contributor to revenue, accounting for 69.5% of sales in the first half of the year. The company has a large stock of new projects in the lead-up to the first half of the year, with high resource inputs, high workloads, complex product processes and associated costs, resulting in lower net profits than revenue, but the new projects are well under way and traditional projects are well under way.
As the consumer industry follows up on a number of new items, automobiles and communications are expected: a product breakdown, consumer electronics, with interest rates falling by 2.6 percentage points to 19.5%, traditional products are routinely priced in the first half of the year, while new products are not yet in place.
Volume production, R & D, and the cost of all kinds of investment are too high for the Mäori rate. Computer Internet sales revenue of $1.644 billion, a 0.7 percentage point increase in the same year, and Mäori ' s rate of decline in the same year was 21.3 per cent for the Internet.
The car sector will continue to focus on the related product areas of connection lines, connectors and power sources, making breakthroughs for both domestic and foreign customers; in the communications sector, the corporate base station antennas and filter products will be the same.
There is a good flow of information on automobiles and communication lines: new products are being introduced to boost performance in the medium term.
Millions of dollars. The company's development went well in “old customers, new products, new customers, new markets.” The third quarter was a more concentrated production time for new projects, with input and extension learning costs still slightly higher than normal.
The Division will make full use of the team's strengths in process processes, quality assurance, and scale-up production management, and will try to narrow the short learning uplifting cycle to ensure that business income and profit growth goals are met. In the future, companies will continue to contract zero components and modular products, with a focus on existing new and old product lines and consumer electricity in the short and medium term.
Sub-products will continue to dominate corporate revenue. Communications and automobile-type products will provide strong support for sustainable corporate development in the medium to long term.
I. Quarterly performance ratings: rapid growth in performance in the second quarter and the first half of the year, with a 29.5 per cent increase in new projects. Performance in the second quarter and the first quarter maintained a rapid growth trend. Companies mainly produce products such as connection lines, connectors, motors, wireless filings, antennas, acoustics and electronic modules, and products
A wide range of applications are available in the areas of computers and the surroundings, consumer electronics, communications, automobiles, and medical care. Many of the company’s new projects in the first half of the year are in the preparatory phase, with high resource inputs, high workloads, complex product processes and associated costs, resulting in higher net profits and lower revenues, but the new projects are progressing well, with stable traditional projects operating, and steady growth in revenue and profit margins.
In the first half of 2018, the company ' s main business, Māori, was 19.7 per cent, a decrease of 2.0 percentage points from the same year, with gross modular production, internal process optimization and product ad hoc control in the second quarter effectively controlling and reducing overall operating costs, increasing the company ' s profitability.
(i) The rapid growth of overseas markets and the impact of overseas market Māori rates The first half of 2018 saw an increase of RMB 1,652 million, or 8.4 per cent, in gross domestic market sales revenue, and Māori 20.2 per cent.
While corporate and domestic markets are largely in line with income-end growth trends and growth rates, the gross interest rates for overseas operations have declined more markedly in terms of Māori rates. (ii) A number of new products from the consumer industry have been followed up, and automobile and communications developments are expected.
New items are not yet in production, and research and development and various cost inputs have contributed to the Māori rate. Revenue from sales of computer Internet operations has increased by $1.644 billion, by 0.7 percentage points from the same year, and Māori has fallen by 0.7 percentage points from the same year, by 21.3 per cent from the same year.
There will be a sustained focus on related product areas, such as connection lines, connectors, and power sources, and breakthroughs have been made in both domestic and foreign customers; communications lead companies’ base-station antennas and filter products are working well and beyond expectations with important domestic and external customers in the 5g area.
(iii) Three-quarter concentration of new products and a steady increase in performance is expected. It is expected that the third quarter will be a more concentrated production time for new projects, with input and extension learning costs still slightly higher than normal.
Upgrading cycles to ensure that growth targets for operating income and profits are met.iii. Profit forecasting and investment proposals.Consumptive electronics: consumer electronics: products such as wireless charger + lcp antenna + motor + acoustics started in the third quarter.
Computer Internet operations: the company’s business is growing with downstream industry demand. Communications Internet operations: the company’s base station antenna and filter products are connected to important domestic and external customers in the 5g field.
Making progress well and beyond expectations, long-term development of automobile Internet operations: the company will break through in the area of new energy cars, breaking through the product lines of well-known customers in the country and abroad, creating the main dynamic for the growth of the company's automobile business.
With regard to the Māori ratio of products, the entry of new products into the scale production phase will raise the level of Māori in companies and keep it steady over time.In terms of costs, the R&D ratio is expected to decline as income size increases, and the level of major cost rates remains largely stable.
Market opening for new products is not as rapid as expected; Increased market competition causes lower profitability of firms.