Food and beverage group Introduction: During the cyclical show, the market priced white wine growth versus recalcitrant sex. Regional wines are good for business during tremors, and companies are able to break through the fierce competition in Jiangsu.
We believe that the company’s brand has emerged and has given business inertia, ps “bottom line” and a recommended layout for the value of the value. Product layout: best sales in the provinces, increasing the growth of the company’s product structure, and out-of-the-scenes.
1. "The Company of the World: O2 operates according to expectations, then 10 billion energy is still available", "Emission upwards and downwards, v being more exposed, corrosion, e.g., e.g., bottom-down."
Incentives, the growth of a special category of products has accelerated since the beginning of the twenty-third century.
The company gathers. 3. "The company of the world: performance meets expectations, the state of the province sustains its performance.
In 23 years, single businesses reached $18.65 million, which is significantly higher than the same regional liquor company. On this basis, companies have stepped up the pace of entry into circulation in the last two years.
Regional breakthroughs: improved tillage in sub-provincial sub-districts, extra-provincial peripheries, and silos. Growth-oriented markets for deep cultivation and increased penetration, with a relatively high rate of coverage in the North/Southern region.
High, the Sioux region accounts for about 16% of the measured market, and the Sioux region for < 10%. The mature regions, as mentioned above, tend to increase their product structure, the exterior of the scene, and the medium-growth Sioux market, with its resource focus, is expected to show up in volume and speed, 24h1 su.
The growth rate in the central region is also clear. 3) Nationalization: perimeterization, blockization, resource growth. The cycle has seen good growth in the corporate out-of-town market, and the idea of outsiders has shifted from a national point break to a high-lying market occupation.
It is currently concentrated in the Anhui and Shandong regions, where short-term projections are focused primarily on the promoters, optimizing the delivery structure of products out of the province and increasing the size of the distributors. The company offers “no profit for three years in exchange for more dynamic growth” and plans for a cumulative investment of 30 per cent over three years.
Billions, full-scale deep-farming markets, sustainable stabilization of high inputs must be a prerequisite for nationalization. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating.
Illustrative: The resilience of the regional wine is still a concern, as seen in the traditional chain of sales of white wine, where the conduits connect the liquor company to the terminal tobacco hotel, where the economic and inventory cycles overlap to create a medium-term volatility in the white wine industry. In the mood swings, the market's resilience to the liquor industry is priced instead of resilience.
The cycle growth logic breaks the value of the ceiling, downtime performance and dividends to pay for the Tody wine business value. The industry is still in a state of flux.
1) At the level of brand power, where regional brands are more national than regional brands, there is a low degree of public awareness of consumption, and the gap is more related to brand style, which is associated with the widespread adoption of product strategies that match consumption power in the region; 2) at the level of channel power, where national brands tend to use channels to accelerate penetration rates and regional brand rhythms tend to be more favourable
“Stamping, step-by-step” and more sophisticated channels are generally superior in terms of the size of the sales team, frequency of end-user visits, maintenance of channel order. (3) At the marketing level, there is now a growing homogenization of alcohol marketing activities in the industry, with marketing activities such as wide branding versus brand power.
This is supported by slow variables, a generous increase in costs that are easily counterproductive, and the result of the differences in the value of accumulated years’ accumulated monthly costs is the division of the manufacturer’s relationship, as well as by the vibe of the group buying units, which makes it easier for the region to have a position advantage. History suggests that we lightly understand the resilience of the region’s alcohol in terms of both its appearance and its share price performance.
The last round of industry feedback was triggered by food safety incidents and the loss of government demand from the cliffs, demand from the downfall, stock reductions to secure swing channels, alcohol prices from the bottom to the market, prices from the top to the bottom (the original box flew to the bottom from more than $1,800 in 2012 to the bottom of $900 in 2013, and P5 and the cellar from the bottom to the bottom of 1573.
In the process, regional wines, with relatively superior channels, resistance to pressure, plant stickyness, consumption self-centres, etc., took the lead in recovering to pre-winding levels in 2015 in terms of revenue collection, profitability, gross sales, etc.
The price of the cellars, 1573 and so on, has been gradually restored since 2015, with the warmth of the channel, the growth of the business climate, and the subsequent pan-nationalization of the wine industry, which is also becoming more resilient. The region’s alcohol is also more resilient in terms of stock price performance.
Sub-high-end alcohol has a higher return. Correspondingly, high-end wine and sub-high-end wine have a higher return. Overall, regional alcohol volatility will be relatively superior, as evidenced by the basic tenacity described above.
Water wells, wines, regional wines include ocean river shares, the present year, the Guai Goon, the glorification wine, the mouth cellar, the golden seed wine, the golden wine, the old white wine, the Elliott)
How to efficiently do deep brand penetration is the focus of the brand strategy of the liquor industry, which is still in the advanced stages of scale. For example, early-stage branding by the media, such as the King of Visions, has spread fast, and in recent years has built consumption awareness through the concept of the "12987" brand and the Red Water River.
In the context of the increasing homogenization of marketing at the present time, and the fact that mainstream brands have largely completed consumer branding, companies have developed a series of brandings around “culture”, including the business mission of “bringing wine, bringing good fortune” and the introduction of “nationality” to high brand styles in 2004, with a pre-eminence and differentiated marketing skills.
At present, the company’s main line products are widely marketed around the “end” and marketing ideas are focused and consistent, with good consumer awareness emerging in major distribution areas such as Jiangsu. Consumer awareness translates into consumer end sales pull, which corresponds to channel thrust, which is associated with high turnover and the latter with high levels of Maori.
Channels and terminals differ in terms of turnover and Māori priorities at different stages of the weather cycle. In a prudent business environment, channels and terminals are more concerned about liquidity efficiency. Best-selling products have a weak level of single turnover of Māori, but have a strong rate of turnover, taking into account cost spending such as financial leverage, warehousing, etc. The real net profit level has not fallen.
The company has a comparative advantage at this level, in other words, it operates in the main distribution area on the basis of its superior consumer perception.
Inertity. On the basis of inertia, companies break through the ceiling through product and regional expanses. 1) Strenched on core, big monolithic orientation, building up six and v as brand leads, pulling downwards, single, acupuncture, etc., to form a product union; 2) "According to the top" in the region and "Approval to the city" out of the province.
Product layouts: focus on building up four large singles and so on ... and then improve the architecture, and push the expanse of the company's products, which include three major brands: "Nationality", "The End of the World," "The Trench" and a product structure that covers public to high-end prices. The company's products are characterized by two main characteristics:
1) In fragrances, which are taken out of traditional fragrances, fragrances and fragrances, the company has developed the fragrances of Qing Ya, Xia, and flavours, which are based on corporate standards/group standards. Of these, Xiaoyol thick and soft products cover three brands, while Qingyya fragrance products are mainly national v9 and high-end positioning.
In degrees, the company’s products cover a medium price of between 40 and 50 degrees, with 42 degrees. In 2018, the national identity card upgraded its position to “China’s high-end medium white wine”, while the neutralisation of differences is consistent with Jiangsu’s dominant drinking habits.
Figure 6: The company's products are based on the three major brands of “nationality”, “the present world”, and “the high ravine” and “nationality” as the core consumer scene, and the “new generation of high-end white wine in China” is selected according to the price band, and the company receives the main product in the category of “Ta+” and “Ta” (Ta+ is defined as the tax-free plant guidance price).
Products above $300 are defined as products in the tera category as 100 to 300 yuan. In 2023, the company ' s speciala+, speciala, a+a group was based on the national v system and on four or more parts of the open chain, and the speciala group was defined as the separate, endonym and current world brands and subcategories A and below.
From 2022 to the present, in view of the gradual increase in the volume of taa+ core products in the four-way, symmetrical and other categories of core products, the confluence of the industry has increased steadily in terms of volume splitting, mainly driven by an increase in the volume of taa+, ada. Price increases are mainly driven by product structure optimization.
Classes, tera, a, and other cagr are 29%, 16%, and -6%, respectively. Horizontal contrasts with the fact that the company’s tonnage levels are at the highest level of regional wine, below the high end of the white plate, and some sub-high end liquor companies, we believe that this is closely linked to the path of perfecting the corporate product matrix.
Over the course of this cycle, the liquor industry is generally certain to expand on large amounts of single items during the boom, while the boom period is accompanied by products such as a scaffolding product, and products such as five-generation food springs, 45-degree & 68-degrees. For the national wine industry, the path to improved product structure is based on core monolithic products, such as flying the skyscrapers, eight-degrees, and so on.
For regional wines, product structures tend to increase with mainstream consumer prices, such as Guai Goon offerings in the province, ancient 5, ancient 8 upgrades to ancient 16, ancient 20, and gold insignia upgrades from star size, softness, and serial year to year.
For companies, however, cutting down on sku, focusing on the formation of the nation's main monoliths, and then radiation up & down, v being raised upwards (currently nearly 10% of income, of which v3 is more than half in v, v9 is imaged, v3 is expensed), expanding the yield dividend for openings, yarns, etc., in line with consumer trends.
In the figure: with the exception of the five grain fluids, the old guests of the province, the shares of the river, the Guai Goon, and the sale of the wine of the Tian Yuud (in the thousands of litres) the rest are sold) and the results of the inter-provincial high-end and middle-rate prices in the national series are both accidental and inevitable. (1) The coincidence is that the competition in the region is in the product cycle and in the product cycle.
Inevitably, companies perform well in terms of branding, soundness of marketing/channeling, and business relationship maintenance, and the advantages of time dividends are highlighted. Specifically, companies created high-end brands in 2004 with good brand tone.
These national brands, the earlier dominant consumer prices in Su-China and North, have not been touched, and are similar to the idea of competitive marketing, where the landscape is dominated by business, business, and business acquisition, which fosters stickyness in the hands of opinion leaders. The remix shows that companies operate as conduits in the provinces in two ways:
1) The number of distributors is relatively small, the number of single distributors is relatively high, and the number of distributors is very sticky. During this cycle, the number of distributors in the province rose from 280 in 2016 to 499 in 2023, the number of distributors in the region was not too high, and the number of single distributors in the province reached $18.65 million in 2023, after the weight of the distribution pattern.
At the 2024 World Summit for Development, 13 of the 20 outstanding distributors joined up for more than 15 years and 5 for more than 20 years, and were the result of companies’ long-standing good-business relationships. In 2020, the company’s channel model was upgraded from the manufacturer “1+1” to the “1+1+n” advanced marketing model, improving the distributor’s relationship with the distributor.
The two-tier management of the terminal, with a greater focus on high-quality customers, has slashed resources, increasing the depth of the distribution. The model is still in essence a regional, area-specific, deep distribution model, chain-to-channel, terminal, consumer, alcohol industry, depth distribution differentials in end-to-end, c-end consumers, maturity & coverage of the sales team, etc.
Based on the feedback received from sources, the company’s sales team has shown a good offensiveness in terms of taking over end-volume shops, and maintaining the group’s buyers, and the number of high-quality distributors in the province has continued to rise. On the side, the company’s watch salesmen rose from 621 in 2016 to 1509 in 2023, although not exclusively in the province’s calibre, the integrity of the sales team has continued to improve.
Figure 16: Number of distributors in the Regional Liquor Enterprise, 2016 and 2023 Figure 17: Average size of distributors in the Regional Liquor Enterprise, 2016 and 2023
2) Consumption scenes, regional layouts, and so on are first focused and expanded. The product and regional focus are the result of business demands released by companies during the booming season, all of which are located at entry-level hospitality prices ($300-500).
The company’s focus on buying, we believe, is also a suitable business strategy for the company to look at its own endowments (the company’s first shareholder is the Constellation Group Ltd., which held 44.72 per cent of the shares up to the end of 2024h1, while the world’s conglomerate’s real-estate owner is the local people’s government, and the company has the advantage of a differentiated location in LeAan) and subsequently, from a perspective, extends the life cycle of the product.
During this cycle, the company was transformed from a government to a business consortium, and Nanjing was considered to be the highland market that had to be occupied in the province. The company’s focus on Nanjing was consistent, entering the world market when it was created in 1996, selling nearly a billion in 1998 and listing in 2004 in Nanjing. In 2015, Xiao An and Nanjing were the first two markets in the province.
Second, there's a difference between the idea of circulation and group purchasing. It's more important to consider how to move channels and end incentives, and, if branding is good, giving channels and end-rich profits at the top of the line will certainly be more aggressive.
From the factory's perspective, it is not too much to reach end-c, and if the area and channel control are not properly regulated, it can easily lead to the price of the stolen goods.