Food and beverages for the present (603369) break-through outside the province of precision farming, with 10 billion new paths clear, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: 1 – benefiting from increased brand awareness, the widespread dissemination of the concept of “less drinking and good drinking” health. Matthews has a significant effect, with market shares accelerating towards the head alcohol industry; Jiangsu ' s combined share of the city and city is about 40%, and there is much room for concentration, and the company 's branding and product power in Jiangsu province is huge.
A competitive advantage will raise the dividends of the full share of the beneficiary industries. 2; brands, products, channels, brands, branding, product upgrading, and channels.
Steady; beneficiary country brands have increased, adding their own products to their strength, and low levels have increased significantly. 3. The provinces continue to insist on “breathing the city out of the ground”, launching the “rebuilding Jiangsu” project, focusing on the creation of the market, the point of the market break-up, which grew by 40 per cent in 2023 and continued to grow as the markets outside the provinces expanded.
The industry's Matthews effect is evident, and the share of branded white wine continues to rise. 1. High-end front-line wine fully opens up the price gap, completes consumer development. As consumer brand awareness increases, the market accelerates towards brand names, 2, regional liquor companies have strong local brands, channels are well controlled, and products are suitable for local consumers.
Well, the regional tap alcohol company will benefit fully from the structural upgrading and share concentration dividend. It will grow steadily and steadily. It will expand its scope. The company will be able to fully rationalize its brands, products, channels, and build up robustly. At the end of the brand: the world is rich in wine genetics, and it's high.
At the end of the product: the company's ability to develop new products, its focus on the development and promotion of high-value products, e.g., national v3, e.g., and the widening of the product lines, and the full range of price bands. At the end of the pipeline: the province keeps filling up short boards in Xinnan, and continues to push down channels.
Intra-provincial fundamentals are being strengthened; market coverage is being expanded outside the province, and growth spaces are being actively expanded; price increases are being made, market order is tight, channels are being stimulated effectively, and the end-strength is increasing significantly.
Consumption is extremely resilient, corporate core consumer price belts are open, and focused on political and business dinners, banquets, and public consumption, and brands are growing and driving and sales are continuing to improve.2 The company’s nationalism series adheres to the branding of “China’s new generation of high-end white wine” with high-profile branding, high-profile branding and high-level branding.
The Bureau has been active in promoting structural upgrading by nurturing core monoliths such as v3, VI, and d20. 3 - The province has continued to push for “fine tilling” and break the development ceiling; the province has continued to insist on “opening the city” and launching the “rebuilding Jiangsu” workers with a clear path to a new 100 billion-dollar target, with high performance likely to continue.
Incentives are in place, long-term momentum, company growth and certainty, and prospects are high. 1. Consistency of the world (603369): 10 billion goals have been achieved and the new 10 billion are well under way (2024-05-09).
4. Constellation of the world (603369): expansion of the province of precision farming, structural upscaling (2023-08-30) 1 Sioux wine, model of fragrance
As an important component of Jiangsu's famous "The Three Trenchs" the history of this world is long, with the former High Trench being branded as the "China Old" brand; the high gins and wines made in Ming Qing, with the historical reputation of "The High Trench's Meals have grown from the ancient past and tasted as the first family in the southeast." The present world is preceded by the local State-owned Trench Liquor Factory, established in 1949, which was named the nation's 4th National Wine Review Conference.
White wine is the second most important example of a strong white wine. To date, the company has three major brands of high ravine, present-day, and national origin, and has continued to strengthen its cultural soft power, building on the natural advantages of “culture by culture” and working to shape the most influential cultural objects.
1.1 Sioux old-fashioned wines, the first phase (1949-1995): the quality of the fragrance model is multiplied and reform lags behind the mud. The factory of the ravine was established in 1949 at the fourth national review conference in 1984, when the high-grow special was awarded the second place in the country's fragrance white wine.
In 1995, the High Trench speciality was identified by the National Technical Supervisory Authority as the national standard for the physical use of fragrance-style wine, with a strong branding power that created a higher brand profile and high-quality reputation for companies. In the early 1990s, operations deteriorated significantly, owing to industry adjustments, the ageing of their own brands, and delays in re-engineering.
Phase II (1996-2012): Searching for a way out and actively changing it quickly and rapidly. In 1996, the “Fate of the present” brand was created to market culture around “Culture of the world” and to actively develop new products along that line; in 2004, the “Friends of the Nation” brand was launched as a cultural marketing starting point to attract opinion leaders for political and commercial consumption.
In 2011, the company as a whole changed into a stock company. The production of trio consumption, "Standard Driving" and other forms of consumption have caused a severe setback in the white industry, which has suffered from a severe decline in medium- and high-level consumption.
In addition, in response to the rising trend of public consumption, the company focused on the wedding market, with a "happy, the world" as its main line, phase four (2016-present): the multi-dimensional forces of change are building up, and the opportunities are being pursued.
The white industry is characterized by structural prosperity, and the world is keen to achieve high growth as a result of the recovery of the industry. In terms of product structure, the company focuses on a higher-country product structure, a higher-level product-consumption mainstream price range, in line with consumption patterns, and upgrades: the introduction of brand image products such as v9, actively shaping high-end brand images, and increasing the company’s brand power;
Channel structure, removal of marketing centres, flattening of marketing systems; channel model, introduction of “price-control benefits” and improved channel control: dynamically expanding the markets around Jiangsu, focusing on long-triangular markets, and expanding the space for growth.
In addition, the company has granted a number of equity incentives to core employees, giving them incentives to put in place and to operate robustly. On 1 August 2022, a new version of the equity incentive scheme was announced, with changed equity incentives evaluating higher targets and higher prices for mobility.
Reflecting firm corporate confidence in future development; broad coverage of equity incentives, high levels of senior management ownership, and a high degree of convergence of management and corporate interests. As of 2024q1, the company actually controls the people’s government in the county with 44.72% shareholding; Figure 3: Corporate stock structure
Main business formation: the company owns three major brands: national, present-day, high-trenched, with a product of the tera category and above (out-of-plant price = $100), mainly national and part of the world-of-the-life brand, with 92.8 per cent of total revenue in 2023. The high-speed composition of national brands has formed the core driving force for product structural upgrading, accompanied by the cultivation and growth of the national v system, and the product structure will be upgraded.
In terms of sales areas, the company’s revenues are concentrated in Jiangsu Province, which is actively opening up the Xin Jiangsu market, focusing on the surroundings of the Xu River, and Shandong. Performance: Industry restructuring has hit the white wine industry hard in 2012 and is gradually starting to recover in 2015.
In this world, industry opportunities are strained, and brands are constantly driven by a two-way strategy, with continuous clarity about the market location of brands, and a marketing system conducive to branding. The product structure is upgraded in an orderly manner, with a constant focus on strategic monoliths, and the regional products are integrated and phased out, and the regional layout is actively expanded, in line with the “near radiation, priority breakthroughs”
The strategy is widening the scope for growth; in the marketing architecture, construction under the framework of “1+5+New Retail” is increasing by 17.3 per cent, profit-end compounding growth is 19.2 per cent, profits are growing faster than revenue and the quality of operations is improving.2 Consumer upgrading markets are expanding and share concentration structures are booming.
Since the recovery of this round of white wine, there has been a division between the different stages of white wine, with the industry showing a squeezed growth, as shown by the continuing decline in the production of the above-mentioned white wine companies, the increase in the price of white wine, the continued contraction of the sales of white wine in the lower and middle grades, and the concentration of market shares in white wine. The central driver of industrial differentiation has been the rising per capita income level, which has kept the population healthy.
In the context of the rapid rise of consciousness and brand consciousness, the concept of consumption of “less alcohol, good wine” has gradually become a social consensus, with the mainstream consumption price of white wine moving steadily upwards, and the lead and old wine focusing more on high-end and sub-high-end products, driving the product structure to remain optimal. In the context of high-stress growth in the industry, head and central-name Quakers will benefit more from the elimination of their brand advantage.
2.1 The industry has grown in a squeezed manner, with a strong structural boom, and the industry has grown in a squeezed manner, with a marked structural upgrading. The period 2002-2012 was a decade of high-value gold in the white and wine industry.
Over time, with rising incomes and rising public consumption, the industry has grown, driven by brand white wine; at the profit side, benefiting from product structural upgrades and direct price increases for brand white wine, profits have increased significantly faster than revenue and profitability has continued to grow. White wine production has declined, with intra-industry competition dominated.
The white wine industry, after three years of in-depth adjustment, has seen a rapid rise in brand names and health awareness among the population, with a social consensus: “Limit the three public consumption” and “Scratch the driving of alcohol.” White wine consumption has become more rational, with the above-mentioned sales falling; and white wine production (comparable caliber) of over 6.29 million tons in 2023, compared to the same amount.
-5.1%: the number of white wine businesses of more than size decreased from 1563 in 2015 to 963 in 2022, the industry has been transformed into a stock market, with intra-industry competition dominated and competition intensified. The structural boom has been marked by a rapid rise in the number of white wine markets.
In this context, the dominance of brands and channels has become more evident, and the pace of the market has increased significantly, with the share of the marketed liquor industry rising rapidly. The share of the marketed wine business continues to be low, and there is much room for improvement in the future.
A mere 14.1% (the main reason for the elimination is that its products are mostly low-end alcohol and account for more than 40% of the marketed liquor sales, which would better reflect the trend in sales and ton prices), and the share of wine sales is still low and there is much room for future upgrades. The sales of alcohol sales from listed alcohol companies (excluding syllables) have increased from 951,000 tons in 2015 to 1122,000 tons in 2023, a year-on-year combination.
2.2 The income of residents has been steadily rising, and brand awareness has been growing. With China’s rapid economic growth, there has been a steady increase in disposable income for urban residents and per capita expenditure on food, tobacco and alcohol. Over the last five years, the combined disposable income of residents has increased by about 7%, and the steady rise in the income of residents has laid a solid foundation for rising consumption.
China’s economy has grown rapidly over the last decade, leading to rapid growth of high net worth and middle class groups. In 10 million yuan, the number of high net worth people grew at a composite rate of about 12.5% in 2008-2022. In terms of geographical distribution, the high net value of the population is largely distributed along the eastern coast, east, centre and west.
In addition to the central thrust of rising incomes, changing consumption perceptions, increased brand awareness, and the impact of a confluence of consumption are important drivers. While opening up price space, one-line cities are in the consumption structure.
The high end consumption ratio is greater than the lower end, the medium end consumption ratio is greater, while the low end consumption ratio is still higher in low-line cities, and the upward trend in first-line urban consumption is expected to spread to three or four-line cities, driving sub-end and high-end consumption consumption ratios to increase steadily, driven by rising consumption.
Consumers nurture and future markets will expand robustly; sub-higher prices will rise, driven by consumer uplifting and channels, and firms with both brand power and channel power will become more explosive; medium alcohol, as a springboard for upscaling of public consumption, will remain open for price increases, but market expansion will be limited; low alcohol prices will rise, but sales will tend to shrink.
Three brands have a significant rise and a combination of competitive advantages, based on the brand image and consumer base in the province of Toto, the firmness of the company's branding, the firmness of the consumer, the nurturing, the pace of market openings for the camp, the continued high branding, the widening of product lines, the depth of the channel, and the expansion of the market.
On brands, it's closely built around “cultures of national origin”, with a strong focus on the three major brands, today's world, high-trenched, and growing brands; on products, with an orderly expansion of product lines, a high focus on core monoliths such as national boundaries, interlocking, active development of national v systems, and continuous promotion of product structural upgrading; and on channels, continuous flattening of marketing.
The system, which strengthens control over the end of the channel, is growing; the market layout, on the basis of the foundation of the market in the province, is constantly radiating to Jiangsu, focusing on core areas, core products, and growing space. In general, the world’s growth space is widening and growth is increasing.
3.1 Brand end: branding is high and brands are high, and brands are high and high, and the “continent culture” is the main line, and the brands are well-run. Three major brands – national, present-day, high-trenched – focus on different consumer scenes and price segments, respectively, and assume different brand building functions.
A group of faithful consumers of the network has expanded brand coverage: the world orientation “China's wedding” and the focus on the reception market are important scenes for expanding brand audiences: the national orientation “more comfortable Chinese white wine” is a high-end corporate fist brand. Three major brands are well-positioned, mainstream consumer scenes are comprehensive, and brands complement each other with price bands and consumer scenes.
A clear path to branding, and a brilliant strategy. From the high ditch to the worldly world, the company reborn, starting a fast-growing path from the mud; from the current world to the national brand, the height of the brand rose, taking up a seat in sub-provincial mainstream consumer prices; and in 2016, the company took a heavy seat on the national identity brand.
New location, upgraded from "Gangsu High-end White Wine" to "China's High-end Medium White Wine" , and clearer branding. Currently, companies are actively developing the national vs., the national v3 is continuously being put in place, and the high strength of the national v3 is helping companies to move their product structure to new heights.
In recent years, companies have been spending more and more to upgrade their brands, and the costs of marketing and advertising have risen steadily. As a result of the upgrading of the product structure, companies have been investing more and more in advertising, and marketing activities such as sponsorships, programme titles, visual advertising, etc., have been enriched.
The promotion fee is more than 40%. The branding of companies has continued to grow in influence and value of brands has risen, and the value of the Chinese brand of wine, published by the Chinese Cup, has risen significantly from 17.2 billion in 2015 to 128.4 billion yuan in 2023.
3.2 At the end of the product: full price coverage, significant structural upgrading, complete product matrix, and full price coverage. The company has three core brands: national, present-day, high-trenched, product prices, and effective coverage of the market ' s main price belts.
It's the company's core product series, which is the ballast for firm growth: v is the company's high-end top product series, which is the core driving force for structural upgrading: the middle end of the present-day collection series, which effectively covers the mainstream consumer price of the $100-300 banquet; and the high ravine, which is the company's brand building block, has a deep consumer base.
In keeping with the trend of rising consumption, companies are actively expanding their consumption scenes, expanding their market share, and increasing their growth dynamics. The introduction of this brand is the starting point for the rebirth of the company, the current one, which focuses on the wedding market, and the rapid increase in brand influence and market share through differentiated marketing.
In response to rising consumption and breaking the bottlenecks of growth, the company began to tilt its resources toward a series of countries, focusing on upgrading business and feast consumption, and successfully expanding the product structure and growth space. National branding was the core of the taa category and above, rising from 73.9% in 2016 to 2023.
92.8% of the rise in the share of the national series, which constitutes a core driver of product structure upgrading, increased profitability, a clear strategy for product layout, and a clear path for structural upgrading. Companies continue to advance the established product strategy: v is aggressive, aggressive, active, current-life, and ravine revival. Company marketing resources continue to tilt toward the national v system, making full use of the national v as a guide.
The role of product structure upgrades; high focus on core monoliths, such as national boundaries and symmetry, which continue to strengthen the role of open and solid fundamentals; high priority on the activation of the world ' s contemporary brands, increasing the growth of the d20 and d30 layouts and increasing the popularity of the consumer scenes; and a strong push to revive the high ravine brand, focus on the light and wine market within the 100-dollar mark, and wake up consumption
The product structure has been steadily upgraded, and average tonnage prices have continued to rise. Since 2015, with the rise in public consumption and consumption rising steadily, companies have been pushing ahead with the upgrading of product structures, leading to rising average tonnage prices and increasing profitability.
In response to rising consumption trends, the company focuses its additional resources on the country-specific series, with a cap-plus ratio of the country-based series, the optimal core driver. Driven by the continued upgrading of the product structure, the average ton price of the company was set at $698,000 per 3.3 channel end of 2011: the provincial peaks, the provincial invasion of the city.
In Jiangsu province, the present world and the river together account for about 40% of the market share, the brand and channel power of the two enterprises in the province are distinctly competitive, the foundations of which are more solid, and there is a clear trend for the two bodies. The world has grown rapidly in recent years, and the gap between the river and the ocean has been narrowing.
Market distribution and economic mismatch are still open in the provinces. The economic development of the Jiangsu region is far from balanced, the South is relatively strong, the present-day camp is located in the city of Huaian in North Sudan, and it has a larger share of the market in North Sudan.
The distribution is weak in North and South, and there is a great mismatch with regional economic development.
Nationally high-end wines such as the higher-structured, the matai, the five-food fluids and the old cellars of the state have a strong competitive edge in brand power, with a strong price position of over $1,000; the branding of the provincial interior business consumption scenes is prominent, and the branding influence continues to increase, with the current penetration of the brand to the banquets and the consumption scenes such as the drinking of its own.
The South African region is relatively weak, with more permeable space. The South Sudan market space is larger and the present world is relatively weak.
By concentrating its resources on the central market in the city, building model markets, creating branding effects, and gradually expanding to the peri-district market. Today’s world is gaining influence in the south of the country, growing strongly, and the city’s occupancy rate is expected to rise and expand.
In 2023, the distribution of market shares in the regions of the world was clear, and the market space was wide. The amount of extra-provincial markets was still small, and the space was very wide.
With the effective consolidation of the provincial market, the opening of out-of-town markets will be accelerated. The “10+x” regional expansion plan is clear, focusing first on the 10 priority local and municipal markets, creating model markets that will continue to build up to scale, with significant milestones, with a 25% increase in compound harvests outside the province between 2017 and 2023, and high growth outside the province becoming an important growth point.
The external market layout has continued to grow, market development models have matured, market opening routes have become clearer, nationalization has progressed, and there is much room for growth. The national v3 has stabilized at 600 bits and is gradually entering the incremental phase, which will continue to drive the upgrading of the product structure in the country;
The growth space continues to expand as a result of the strong competitive edge of 400-500-bit segments of the province, and the company has set out a strategy for expanding the market with an extra-provincial focus on national boundaries: the country v3, the four-point boom will lead to a double increase in the volume of ta+ products, prognosis 2), the country’s strong growth against the province’s strong branding and channel power, with a strong competitive advantage of $300.
Price market expansion and brand concentration dividends: In addition, companies are actively developing core monoliths, e.g., Destiny of the world, d20, and are continuing to upgrade the structure of products of the present world, e.g. inter-state, e.g., the present world series will lead to the volume of taa products. 3) Companies are continuing to promote the activation of the present world and the launch of the high ravine brand revival, with other products expected to take place in 2024-2026.
4. With the company’s growing size, its product structure, and its management efficiency, the company’s Māori ratio will continue to improve, and the overall cost rate will decrease marginally. With its high-quality wine gene, the world is now focusing on high-end, sub-high-end, and actively exploring out-of-town markets.
The four companies were selected for a comparable valuation, with an average of 15 times, 13 times, and 11 times the average perpene in 2024-2026. The company’s strong branding position will boost the dividends from the concentration of its share in the Sou market; at the same time, the company is active.
The Bureau fosters national v3 and continuously promotes product structural upgrading and increased profitability: in addition, companies make a reasonable trade-off between outlying areas and products, with a greater focus on core markets and core products, and the opening of out-of-country markets will be more robust and robust.
Impact, with high uncertainty, will affect the pace of consumption escalation in the event of a significant economic downturn; (2) Market opening or under-expected: Out-of-provincial market openings may be strongly discouraged by the production of real estate and national infamous wine, with some uncertainty.
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.