At dawn, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre has a large market space, high technical barriers, high scarcity, and is expected to rewrite the domestic pattern of x86.
More than 96% of the field chip servers were X86-structured, with Intel accounting for more than 99%, and md accounting for less than 1% of the domestic market. According to Gartner, in 2017, the global market for X86 servers sold $52.5 billion, with 11.39 million shipments, an increase of 12.2% and 3.3%.
The market sold 2.71 million instruments, an increase of 14.4% over the same year, about 24% worldwide. Cpu accounts for about 30-40% of the cost of the service and the Chinese regional market for more than 30 billion yuan, of which the party-military market accounts for about one third. As the party-military market is the central and autonomous market, the sea light chip will pervade the market in the coming years.
With a high industrial climate, the autonomous chip is expected to boost the company’s performance. As a result of the safe and controlled chip properties, the penetration rate among the party’s military and among users of low performance is likely to rise, and the server market is expected to grow.
The average annual compound increase for China x86 servers in 2017-2021 is about 12.3%, compared to a 21% increase in server sales in 17 years. Given the comparative advantage of dawn server security across the board, it is expected that the increase above the market average will continue.
The cost of the server is about 30-40%, and the server carrying the sealight chip is expected to increase by about 10%. Given capacity problems, the server ratio is expected to increase by more than 1% over 18 years, assuming that the sea light chip volume will double in 19 years, and the server ratio is expected to increase by about 3% in 2019.
Large data plus cloud computing drives the transformation of companies, and the data Chinese strategy accelerates down. In 2017, companies launched a dedicated one server and artificial intelligence management platform, according to the China Smart Plan. Since 2009, companies have continued to invest in 22 cities, including Chengdu, Si, Nanjing, Head, Harbin, Yichang, Urumqi, Xiao.
Building and operating urban cloud computing centres, in 2016, there were more than 40 city clouds in dawn. Expanding the market for smart city operations in the form of “material networking, big data, cloud computing plus system integration” and creating a whole series of smart city integration solutions.
2. Central Light (603019): the ai industry is fully flowering, but the industry is not going to be able to make a difference.
The value corresponds to 68 times, 48 times, and 26 times. Given that the chip industry is the most important, nuclear, computing industry that we can control autonomously, and that has the most spatially significant, technologically difficult, industry that has a high strategic positioning, we maintain a long-term perspective.
The company was established in 2006 (renamed China-Kyoto Light in 2011) and placed on the market in November 2014. The company relies on the Chinese Academy, which is based on the results of research under the national “863” program.
The Institute, the National Centre for Research and Development of Smart Computers and the National Centre for High Performance Computer Engineering are mainly engaged in research, development, production of high-performance computers, general servers and storage products, and provide software development, system integration and technical services around high-end computers.
Dawn’s hardware products, solutions, cloud computing services are widely used in government, energy, the Internet, education, meteorology, medical care, and public utilities. Companies are now moving from “hardware providers” to “cloud computing providers” based on a comprehensive layout of the “server plus high-performance computers plus storage plus cloud computing plus safety” product lines.
1.1 The parent company of the Chinese Academy, which has a strong technical background, is China Science Source Asset Management Ltd., which holds 21.32% of the company’s shares. The Cisco Centre holds 4.41% of the shares and is the second largest shareholder of the company, and the Chinese and Cisco centres are both the Chinese Institute.
The Chinese source of information is a fully-funded subsidiary of the Chinese Academy of Computers. China is relying on the Chinese Academy's big tree for the most advanced calculations in the country. Figure 1: The chairman of China's top ten shareholders in the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Mr. Lee Guo Jie, is an authority in the field of computer architecture and artificial intelligence in the country.
In 1987, he worked at the Chinese Academy of Computers, and in 1990 he was selected by the National Science Commission as the Director of the National Center for Research and Development of Smart Computers, leading the development of the core team, which made an important contribution to our high-performance generic cpu chip. In the field of high-performance computers, the company led by it developed a successful Sunlight 1 parallel computer, 1000 large-scale parallels and 2000 light.
In addition, there are 13 wholly-owned or controlled subsidiaries under the corporate umbrella, six of which are mainly involved in high-end computer-related development, development, marketing: five companies are engaged in software and technology services: two are engaged in hardware, storage and other services.
The company also works with the md through Tianjin Hailight, a subsidiary with shares, which holds 26.46% of the shares in the sealight. In April 2016, the md reached an agreement with the sealight to establish a joint venture to produce chips using proprietary technology, and md provided the joint venture with a technical licence for x86 chips, which will be used to develop server chips that are sold only in China.
The cooperation of Tianjin Sealight will yield strong returns to the potentially large market for the amd server chip.1.2 Performance increases rapidly, competitiveness continues to grow.
Based on a product-based set of information system solutions tailored to user needs, and software development, system integration, and technology services around high-end computers, corporate performance has been increasing in the context of a trend towards better information and alternative national production.
According to the 2017 report, the company achieved $6,294 million in 2017, representing an increase of 4,436 per cent and a net return of $309 million to the mother.
37.71 per cent. In the first quarter of 2018, the company collected 1,469 million yuan, an increase of 78.91 per cent in the same year, and a net profit on maternity of $23 million, an increase of 20.33 per cent in the same year. Performance growth was driven mainly by two factors: rising demand for servers by Internet enterprises; and increased corporate outreach to new business clients.
According to the company ' s annual 2017 report, the ratio of high-performance servers, software services and storage products is three main components: high-performance computers, software development around high-performance computers, systems integration and technical services, common servers and storage products (in 2015 the universal servers were integrated into high-performance computers).
The share of computer-enabled software development, system integration and technology services has declined, and the share of stored products has increased. In terms of income distribution, government and business dominated the customers of China and China. In 2017, the clients of China and China and China and the public sector accounted for 46 per cent of total revenue, while the government and the public sector accounted for 33 per cent and 21 per cent of total revenue, respectively.
The overall growth in the Department’s business income in three major areas – business, government, and public utilities – was 2.877 billion dollars, a decrease of 8.58 percentage points. The decline in the Māori ratio of government and public utilities clients, we believe, is mainly due to higher costs of raw materials and competitive prices in the industry, as well as a decline in the Māori ratio of companies due to domestic competition from waves and associations.
Corporate business income has been growing steadily, but Māori rates and net interest rates have declined. In 2017, Māori rates and net interest rates decreased by 17.41% and 5.19% respectively, compared to previous years. This was mainly due to higher prices for upstream company chip suppliers and strong competition in the market.
The Māori rate for systems integration and technical services has been higher than the Māori rate and is on the rise, with 74.26 per cent in 2017, and it is evident that companies have developed research on high-end computers, storage, cloud computing, big data, autonomous software, etc., and have acquired a large amount of core technology, with new company patents of 212 in 2017, including 150 patents for inventions, and 136 patent authorizations.
In terms of R & D inputs, the cost has increased from 86 million yuan in 2011 to 430 million yuan in 2017, and the share of R & D in revenue has increased year by year, and has remained stable at about 7%, with 2-up and 2-upstream double-crowding in the peer, with the ability to control breakthroughs.
The generic server function is to receive and respond to client terminal service requests.
and multi-routine servers; they can be divided into towers and rack servers according to the server ' s physical configuration; and, depending on the application level, they can be divided into working group, departmental and enterprise-level servers.
The company’s main clients are the business, government, and utility sectors, which require server specifications. Dawn’s server products include rack servers, high-density blades, and rack servers with single, double, four- and eight-way handlers and machine cabinet sizes of 1 u to 4u (u is unit initials, which represent the server’s external size unit). 1 = 4.445 cm.
However, Scorpio 2.0 sets new standards: 1u = 4.65 cm) for a variety of products that meet the needs of government, business, public utilities, etc. clients for servers. In addition, the company provides core servers and solutions that meet the requirements of self-controlled F-FDTL workers.
Of these, the 1640 series of the Runten server, because of its flexible configuration, has the advantage of a surge in performance that can help to address security concerns in many strategic areas such as e-government, defence, etc., and create a self-controlled information industry system. In 2017, it was launched simultaneously with the Intel new skylakecpu and amdepyc series cpu.
Two platform-based full-line high-performance computers and general-purpose computer products, including 2-way utility rack servers i620-g30, i610-g30, i420-g30, 4-track core application servers i840-g30, new generation of tc4600t servers that meet the odcc standards for Internet applications.
The company x 86 servers are in the lead in the domestic market, and according to the gartner data, the company x 86 servers ranked sixth in the fourth quarter of 2017 as highly competitive in terms of market sales.
2.2 Distress: Scorpio, the server industry, the company’s revenues have been growing rapidly, but the company’s Māori rate has declined. In the overall market situation, we believe that this is mainly due to upstream monopolies and the formation of scorpion schemes.
The rise led to higher server costs: the creation of the scorpion scheme gave downstream Internet companies a stronger bargaining power, leading to an overall decline in the Māori rate of domestic servers.
A major bottleneck to the development of domestic servers is the high monopoly of upstream companies on core technologies, especially chip-based ones that account for a relatively high cost of services, which are still subject to human constraints. Chip manufacturers like Samsung and Hercules have a greater impact on the domestic market, with a single major vulnerability to the production of international producers.
In 2017, the price of spare parts for RAM, ssd, etc., increased steadily, with a clear impact on the average unit price of server products. According to Gyeongdong Businesstown, the Tristar ddr4 stock increased from $450 to $959, a growth rate of 113 per cent, and the Goldstone Hinterfury series dddr4 also increased from around $400 to $969, which was the direct cause of the price increase.
The underlying reason is also that domestic chips are not self-sufficient and depend on foreign producers for a higher degree of dependence, leading to a complete monopoly on upstream prices and lack of autonomy. The overall average price of x86 servers increased by 15.4% in the third quarter of 17 years, and sales by 25.1% in the same year.
Since upstream component manufacturers such as Samsung, sk Hercules and Light still face problems of production capacity in the short term, the likelihood of a significant fall in RAM in the first half of 2018 will continue to have an impact on the prices of servers in China and the global market, and some servers may also face shortages in supply.
According to the Gartner study, the global cloud computing market has grown from $68.3 billion in 2010 to $21.96 billion in 2016, with global cloud market size expected by 2020.
In 2013, the United States accounted for more than 50% of the global market for cloud services, with China accounting for 4%. In 2016, China accounted for 51,49 billion yuan in total market size, with an overall growth rate of 35.9% significantly higher than the global average, and the Chinese market for cloud computing is expected to remain high from 2017 to 2020.
As cloud computing continues to develop, server demand will continue to grow rapidly; the growth in the number of servers has made server procurement and user-Internet giants increasingly superior to the industrial chain, while huge spending has forced them to take all possible strategies to reduce server manufacturing and operating costs. This has also led to a business model facing servers.
In a new turn of change, Internet companies, bypassing traditional brand server manufacturers (oems) such as Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Unions, etc., directly place bills on odm manufacturers, which has a significant impact on the status of brand server producers, as well as on hardware in the context of open source settings, brand server manufacturers face enormous challenges.
In August 2014, the Scorpion Alliance was officially upgraded to the Open Data Centre Board (odcc), and the decision-making membership expanded to six.
It includes Ali Baba, Pedu, Telecommunications, China Telecom, China Mobile, China Information and Communication Institute, and Intel (consultant), with 28 members, with a significant increase in industrial influence. The joint creation of the Scorpio programme is based mainly on a scale effect that reduces costs: the unified partial design programme promotes the standardization of non-standard hardware components and standardized hardware.
\triangleright sales increase and prices fall, resulting in a significant reduction in hardware costs across the data centre.
\triangleright customized products, while hardware standardization would make the customization process simpler, more flexible and efficient. \odcc integrated scorpion cabinet servers, modular data centres, open networks, etc.
The results now include modular data centres, scorpion servers, three standardization and patents (odcc (restriction 2.0 for cabinet servers), ccsa (industry standard: overall technical requirements for cabinet servers and five sub-system standards), ccsa
As a result of the Scorpio project, the volume of white-plate servers has gradually increased, creating strong bargaining pressure on downstream domestic server manufacturers (waves, Chinese glimmers), resulting in a decline in the Māori ratio of servers.
The interest rate fell from 25.5% to 10.1% in 2017, and the wave rate fell from 20.7% in 2011 to 10.5% in 2017. From ocp to odcc in the country, the dark battle between white and white was triggered by a change in supply and demand.
And the buyer's market has been looking at the price of “scribbing down.” The year began with the production of customised servers, and in 2011 the first one, smartrack 3.0, which meets the criteria of the Scorpion Plan 1.0, was introduced and quickly adopted by 100% and evangelicals.
Partner. China-Korea also joined the odcc as the tide followed, developing a new generation of tc4600t 2.3 breakouts that meet the odcc criteria: autonomous control, self-serving server chip protection x86 chip advantage, significant breakthrough.
The complexity of the index set determines the scope of application of the chip architecture, which is divided into a condensed index set and a condensed syndication of the index set by complexity. A streamlined index set is applicable to the mobile end, and a complex index set is applicable to high-performance complex environments.
In the field of \triangleright applications, almost all large, medium and small commercial software and applications are supported by the bottom-up compatibility of the platform.
\triangleright Current \triangleright \x86 chip manufacturer \intel \md \, \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 86 \, \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 86           \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \  \                         \                       \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \  \   \ \  \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \
US$, 23.7% more than the same year, of which Chinese x 86 servers sold $4.2 billion, or 42.63% more. It can be expected that x86 will remain the dominant market for future servers, while China’s x86 server market will continue to be an important policy for global markets in the future, with large funds promoting chip nationalization.
The chip is the core foundation of self-control. For a country to be self-controllable in the area of information technology, it has to start with basic software and hardware, such as chips, operating systems, etc. The semiconductor industry is technology-intensive, capital-intensive, relying solely on individual firms for breakthroughs, coupled with the stringent transfer of advanced technology from developed countries like the United States, which requires countries to take advantage of it.
On March 8, Trump signed a paper at the White House, announcing a 25% and a 10% tax on imports of steel and aluminium products, trade protection was upgraded again, and the development of chips for domestic production was on the rise. This year, the government reported that the development of integrated circuits was at the top of the real economy, while the IEC Foundation had acquired access to micro- and micro-electrics at the end of February.
In January 2011, the State Council launched the “Further Encouragement of Software Industries.”
In June 2014, the State Council launched the National Integrated Circuit Industry Advancement Programme, which provides further information on the development of the national production chip: the integrated circuit industry is at the heart of the information technology industry and is a strategic, fundamental and leading industry that underpins economic and social development and guarantees national security. By 2030, the main link in the industrial chain will be the following:
In its March 2015 report on the work of the government, the State Council listed integrated circuits as strategic and emerging industries for state support and established an emerging industry steering fund. In March 2016, the State Council launched the Integrated Circuit Industry's 13th Five-Year Development Plan, which states that core products, such as generic processors, storage units, etc., need to form autonomous design and production capabilities.
Power, industrial ecosystems are initially formed, investing in the development of integrated circuit design, and intensive development of integrated circuit products.md, x86 is expected to produce in real terms. Although companies like Dawn are now leading the country in the field of high-end computers, the core components of high-end computers are:
cpu, now that the main servers in the country use x86 structures, profits are largely earned by companies like Intel, amd, etc. Companies, including dawn and wave, are currently developing subject to upstream chip companies, and lack sufficient bargaining power. Working with md to open up the cpu nationalization path, the future is expected to open up room for growth in Maori rates.
In November 2015, the company purchased 45% of Tianjin's shares, the company's share of Tianjin's shares increased from 29% to 74%, and Tianjin's share of Tianjin's shares increased from 29% to 74%.
The company’s cooperation with the amd has been long-established, with both parties cooperating in the supercomputer field as early as 2004. The 4000a supercomputer built on the amd dragon processor entered the global high-performance computer Top10 after that.
The development of the X86 chip, which was developed in collaboration with the XD via Tianjin Sealight, has been a major boost to the production of the X86 chip. The X86 chip of the X-ray will be produced in the first half of this year, and if it succeeds in its production, it will be an important factor in the national production of the chip.
The X86 chip authorized to work with the X-86 chip of the X-ray is not just a share of the scarcity of the entire domestic industry: first of all, the sea light chip is X-86-structured. The cpu, the dragon core, the Shinway, the flying.
\triangleright architecture. The ecological problem will be the biggest problem facing the rsc architecture. Second, amd has recently authorized its latest processor. The advantage of performance is that it is clearer than the moor core.
These two factors determine that once the x86 chip of the dawn and the md work together is ready to produce, the commercial space available, including its success rate, will be much greater than the other national chips. Moreover, Dawn has the support of the unicorns of the bronze unit, the typhoon-ai chip.
It was suggested that the server for the first one would work with the ai chip. So dawn would be the first company in the country to build a fully autonomous and controlled i-infrastructure, which would be a unique advantage of China.
In the field of in-depth learning, the traditional cpu/gpu is compared to the traditional cpu/gpu processor.
In the area of artificial intelligence, the market for cold martial arts processors has great potential.
Smart servers, supercomputers. At the Mid-Survey Dawn Smart Summit, the first global IA-specific server based on the cold-wielded Chiai special chip was released, reaching 30:1 as much as the general processor. It was able to meet the rapid demand for high-performance computing devices. For high-response speeds, the IA-specific server was more efficient than one.
The handler is a lot higher than it can be 30:1 and the single node peak is more than 100 tflops. The first artificial intelligence server -- phaneron -- that carries the cold martiali chip. The server can deploy 20 man-intellectual front-end reasoning modules in 4u spaces, which can provide a powerful computing support for reasoning than it was previously used for reasoning.
In addition, the company has set up a dedicated research and development team to develop high-performance service server products that respond to the training and reasoning needs of deep-learning neural networks. According to the company’s network of officials, dawn is now producing Xmachine series of high-performance computing server products.
In the one area, companies have introduced server products based on training and reasoning from neurological networks. For intensive computing needs at the end of training, dawn provides super-calculating server products that integrate gpu, mic accelerators.
In the future, China will further develop more information infrastructures that carry cold martial arts chips, which will not only reach new heights in real-time analysis, but will also lay the foundation for the strategic layout of China’s future intelligent times.3 Cloud services are becoming more abundant, creating a “data China” strategy.
Cloud computing has always been an important strategy for dawning, and dawn has now built and deployed more than 10 large cloud computing centres in the country, including China’s most successful Shanghai super-calculation centre, and China’s first company-invested and commercialized super-coated cloud computing centre, the Chengdu cloud computing centre.
In 2015, the company proposed a “Data China” strategy to build a cloud data network covering China through the construction of a “100-city” cloud data centre. In 2016, the company launched a “Data China Acceleration Plan” that clearly sets out two strategic objectives: “Accelerating network layout, accelerating data aggregation” and using the “Innovation brand cloud chain, four big data sets” as a tool to actively push forward.
Unlike the cloud computing business of other industry producers, dawn clouds tend to favour private clouds, especially those of government. The cloud is divided into urban clouds and industrial clouds.
The Bureau's policy application is placed on the Dawn cloud platform, where the procurement of services is addressed by the information capital of one of the city's commissions. Figure 22: Urban cloud segment layout, due to the difference between intelligent city construction and Internet cloud computing, government data is geographically relevant, and the data owner is the city.
The government, which does not allow these data to be transmitted to the diaspora, will need to invest everywhere, and it will need to support the first step in building the capital. So, in the lead-up period, the government supports the construction of a big data platform for intelligent cities, and the government buys services as a prerequisite and a guarantee for the creation of urban clouds.
Future development. At a later stage, urban clouds must be exposed to the commercial, market, business, etc. for the future. Figure 23: The impact of trade wars on the dawn?
First, the chip is too important for China’s semiconductor industry, and China will not restrict its imports: second, since the md authorization was reached 16 years ago, and a generation’s product was already finished, the trade war does not currently appear to be an obstacle to the development of the sealight.
First, the transfer of sealight technology has been completed and, in the future, sealight products will not be dependent on technology transfer for long.
And second, because the Zen architecture is the newest-generation architecture of the amd, from performance to process, basically the top cpu core of the current X86 market.
Finally, due to process constraints, cpu’s R & D process may be slowing down, so in the short term, downstream renewal demands will not be particularly strong, and zen structures will largely meet downstream needs in the short term.
Because of the sea light and the equity structure of the subsidiary, and given the volume of the sea light chip in the short term, we believe that the revenue from the sale of the chip will not make a strong contribution to the company’s direct performance, but the gross utensil ratio of the dome, which relies on the sea light chip, will increase markedly, indirectly, the company’s overall Maori. And because of the autonomous controllability of the chip,
Dawn’s penetration among the party’s military and among low-performance users will probably rise, and server market occupancy will rise accordingly. In China’s 2017-2021, the average annual compounding rate for servers x86 increased by about 12.3%, while the 17-year sales of servers increased by 21%, taking into account the comparative advantage of the security control of the server.
The average speed of growth is expected to continue. The current cost of cpu on the server is about 30-40%, and Māori on the sealight chip is expected to increase by about 10%. Given capacity problems, Māori on the server is expected to increase by more than 1% over 18 years, assuming 19 years, the sea light chip.
Assumption 1: sealight chips are produced and supplied to companies in 2018 to around 100,000 pieces and in 2019 to companies to around 300,000 pieces; Assumption 2: The server industry in China maintains a growth rate of at least 15 per cent, with the company serving in China for the next three years.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-business revenue for the period 2018-2020 as follows:
Given the fact that the chip industry is the most important, core, technically difficult industry that we can control autonomously, and that we are in the more strategically positioned sector of the country, we maintain a long-term perspective. Given the current overvaluation, no ratings are given.
(b) The risk of increased competition in the market and the risk of lower server-rich rates;
\triangleright has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.