Wave information (000977.sz) High growth is maintained over the fourth quarter, and industry will continue to benefit from higher capital spending by Internet producers
3.19 percentage points, mainly due to the rapid increase in the share of downstream Internet companies and the greater bargaining power of large companies.
The recovery is faster, and the recovery is expected to continue. In terms of cost rates, the company's sales/management/research and development costs are 100 million yuan, +257 per cent, while overseas revenues are 29.7 per cent. Overseas operations are expected to be the company's follow-up billion yuan, with further capital spending planned for 2025; and the fourth quarter of Alibaba has high capital spending.
This represents an increase of 31.8 billion and a significant 80 per cent increase in the ring; after the Alis Conference, it was announced that the next three years would be the highest related construction expenditure in the history of the group, with capital expenditure expected to exceed $380 billion in the next three years; and byte capital expenditure was $80 billion in 2024, with a significant increase expected in 2025.
To 160 billion yuan, about RMB 90 billion will be spent on arithmetical purchases. We believe that headline Internet enterprises will continue to increase capital spending on arithmetic, promising to drive the server industry to maintain a high profile, and that companies will benefit significantly as server leaders.
The server industry has a strong leader, i-server and i-cold server: according to idc, in 2023, the company server was the second largest in the world, and the server industry was the first in China. Meanwhile, according to idc, China had a strong lead in 2023.
Market sales amounted to $1.42 billion, an increase of 48.0 per cent over the same year, and 161,000, an increase of 10 million, with a market share of 40.9 per cent, and sales and shipments of liquid cold servers were the first in China in two places throughout the year. Companies had long-term placements in the 'i ' area, with strong technological advantages and strong leadership, the first.
At the 10th Ipf Congress, the meta-cerebral ingenuity pepai was released to support the rapid re-learning of industry based on the hundreds of billions of parameter models, and to give the model the capacity to process millions of tokens of long files to address the problem of the lack of window length; in terms of arithmetic, the wave information combines Intel to run.
A universal server for a multi-billion-parameter model; storage, as 13000g7 for corporate distribution of distributed flash storage, addressing the big model training data challenge; interconnection, publishing the national first-line super-ai-team switch x 400. Accelerating the large model training reasoning. The company will benefit from a wave in depth.
It is expected that future performance will continue to exceed market expectations.Change; 3, downstream cloud computing, ai industry that is not growing as expected.chinaresearchdept.com.
March 31, 2025.