Tungwee shares: silicon leads well, and at night it'll be dawning. For the first time, Tungwee shares will be covered: silicon plus battery blades will lead both ways or benefit from upwards in the photovoltaic industry.
Tungwee shares are leading companies in the photovoltaic manufacturing industry, and the main business is divided into two major sectors, namely, photovoltaics and agriculture, where the main ones include silicon, solar cells, research and development of component products, production, sales, and revenue from photovoltaic plates in 2023 as a percentage of 73.92 per cent; the main ones include agriculture.
The R & D, production and marketing of products such as aquaculture, animal feed, the oversupply of the agricultural plate chain of 2024h1 light silicon continued in 2023, the price of silicon fell rapidly, the stock of the industry increased, the business was facing a total loss and the industry began to move towards liquidation in the second half of 2024.
In the first half of 2024, the company realized the cost analysis of the photovoltaic main industrial chain product, published on 19 December 2024, with silicon material produced in December 2024.
Data released on 18 December show that the average price (including taxes) of type n restarts is 40.3 yuan/kg and 36.3 yuan/kg respectively. Thus, as of December 2024, type n invents losses of $2.2/kg in cash costs, taking into account depreciation of type N repossessors are still in a state of loss.
The cash deficit in the material sector has continued for almost six months since mid-2024, with silicon companies actively reducing production. I went to the market in December 2024. Futuresellers helped to consume social stocks, silicon stocks were reduced to a reasonable level in the first and second quarters of 2025, and silicon prices are expected to recover gradually.
Lead companies in the material industry, benefiting from silicon price repairs or producing a positive picture of the battery business for 2025 performance: 2025 or leading the way out of excess patterns, forward-looking new technology layouts, leading the industry in the production of Tungwee shares of photovoltaic batteries, forward-looking new technology layouts, taking into account the fact that
Battery chain production or first recovery to equilibrium, we expect the company ' s battery film operations to be more profitable in 2025. As of mid-2024, new topcon, hjt, xbc, thorium batteries and test wires in their components were put into use.
The photovoltaic sector has less demand than expected, the inventory of photovoltaic products has been deflated than expected, the technology road 1 company profile: photovoltaic + agriculture in combination, cost, capacity in the industry lead
1.1 Main business: Photovoltaic+Agriculture, in combination, with strong leadership. Tonway Holdings Ltd. is a large private technology-based company, deep-farming green energy, green agriculture. As of July 2024, the company had a global presence.
More than 200 branches, subsidiaries and workers abroad, nearly 60,000 people, more than 850,000 tons per year of high-purity crystalline silicon production, 140gw solar cell capacity, 85gw component capacity, and 55 photovoltaic power stations in various provinces and cities across the country, dominated by “fishing as one”, have been developed and accumulated on a larger scale than grid-connected.
Silicon, solar cells, and components have accumulated capacity of 8 million to 1 million tons, 130 to 150 gw, 80 to 100 gw, respectively. After many years of cross-cutting development, companies have become global leaders in high-purity silicon, solar battery, and agro-industrialized countries.
Businesses, world leaders in water feed production, and important livestock feed production enterprises.
In 2021, the company responded to the rapid growth trend in the photovoltaic sector, triggering a high rate of income growth, a high rate of income growth in 2021/2022/2023, and a high rate of growth in the new energy sector, which has attracted significant new investment in society in recent years.
In the second half of 2023, the prices of the main products of the photovoltaic industry in which the company is located began to fall sharply on a year-on-year basis, and the firms were under pressure to make profits. In the first half of 2024, companies achieved business income of 43.797 billion yuan.
1.2 Equity structure: The equity structure is centralized, the strategic layout is clear, and the company’s equity structure is stable and centralized. Liu Han Won, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Tonway Group, is the inter-firm controller and holds more than 35% of the company’s shares through the Tonway Group Limited.
Yuan has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the first to sixth sessions of the company, and is currently Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Tonway Group, and is a member of the Board of Directors of the seventh session of the company.
The strategic layout is clear, with multiple subsidiaries deployed globally. Tonway shares in the global landscape, with more than 200 branches. In the light-voltage business, the company’s main subsidiaries include Sichuan Yongxiang Co. Ltd., Tonway Solar Co. Ltd., Tonway Energy Co. Ltd., etc.
Production and sale of silicon, battery and component products; as of the third quarter of 2024, the company owned nearly 80 molecular companies involved in feed operations, using local production and establishing a business model covering sales on a weekly basis to provide effective technical, financial and other support services to farmers.
Figure 5 Stock structure chart (triannual report up to 2024) 2 PV plates: 2025 or up-to-date point in the cycle Silicon is located upstream of the PV chain and the industry has cyclical growth properties.
The chain is divided into the main industrial chain, the auxiliary material chain, and the equipment chain. The end product of the photovoltaic chain is a photovoltaic group, the power of which is an important influence on the cost of PV below the downstream, so the increase in the efficiency of cellular conversion and the decrease in the cost of PV are the main melody running through PV development.
The photovoltaic sector is a growing industry. 1) Periodicity: mainly from policies, production capacity, and technology cycles. 1 Pair price has led to a cyclical decline in State subsidy policies, more so in the volatility caused by deflating and falling interest rates. Since 2020, demand surges have stimulated output delivery and demand mismatches.
In terms of the technology cycle, industry costs fall by the main melody, with the technology import cycle leading to a change in profitability, with excess gains in the previous period, overcapacity and a gradual decline in profitability as a result of the spread.) Growth: zero carbon targets stimulate the growth of photovoltaic demand.
Chart 6 consists of a global component market of 33 per cent per year, increasing to 592gw. According to the National Energy Agency, the size of our new photovolt is 102.48gw in January-June, an increase of 30.68 per cent over the same period.
With regard to overseas, the cumulative export volume of our battery assemblies in the first half of the year was 157.7gw, an increase of 34% over the same year, and the trend of high growth is maintained (Quasit advisory data).
Emerging markets abroad, such as Bur, are gradually accelerating the pace of energy transformation, and import demand for photovoltaic components is rising dramatically. Looking ahead, in 2025, we expect a low rate of growth in global photovoltaic demand, mainly in traditional markets such as China and Europe, which are gradually moving from high-growth to robust growth under the influence of a high base.
In the United States, India, emerging markets, the rate of growth or higher global averages. Figure 7 Global photovoltaic demand outlook for additional components, silicon prices fell rapidly in 2024, and industries generally suffered losses.
The multi-crystal silicon chain continues to be oversupplyed, product prices fall, industry stocks increase, businesses face overall losses, competitiveness differences between firms are becoming more pronounced, and the industry is starting to move out. According to cpia, the production of multi-crysilica, silicon, batteries, and components is different in January-June.
Component prices fell by 40 per cent, 48 per cent, 36 per cent, 15 per cent, each of which was historically low, across the enterprise’s cost lines, and the industry suffered a general loss. Some of the firms with relatively weak competitiveness have ceased production or decreased due to inadequate orders, stock backlogs, and financial constraints, among other things.
Production, market share squeezed rapidly, and trumped-up shares continued to secure the delivery and execution of orders as head enterprises with a strong combination of physical strength, and the market share was still consolidated.
The high-speed release of silicon production capacity in 2023-2024 led to a rapid fall in the price of silicon and a general loss in business due to the weakening of global photovoltaic demand. According to the Infolinkconsulting industry, by the end of 2024, the silicon industry produced 3038.3 million tons.
In the case of industry-wide losses, enterprises have taken the initiative to reduce start-up rates to reduce losses.
According to the Mobil, by December 26, 2024, the silicon industry had a total capacity of 102gw, with a 35% start rate. Silicon prices in December 2024 were in the state of grinding and are expected to lead.
On 24th, both the shares of Tonway and the energy source of IUA issued a review and reduction announcement, which marked the formal entry of a multi-crystal silicon head into a low-load operating phase. According to the Silicon Industry Branch, the overhaul of the shares of Tonway began to progress gradually in November, and became apparent in December, while the energy source is on the whole.
In its three-quarter report, it is also expected to review the four-quarters. The orderly reduction in production control by the Tungwei shares at the end of 2024, and the reduction in sales of main-line products by large-scale energy sources, are all expected to reduce the de-diversion phase of the silicon industry stock, starting early in the year, after the days of the stock return to a relatively low level.
The price of silicon is starting to move away from cost-upping. As the company with the lowest cost of improving the Siemens-based silicon, the silicon business is expected to benefit in 2025 from the cost analysis of silicon 12 (December 2024).
2.2 Battery plates and components: Battery tablets are expected to supply the smallest excess supply, the volume and cost of company battery fragments are at industry leadership levels and the component operations are fast-growing. By mid-2024, Tonw shares had 95gw solar cell capacity and 75gw components
Energy, a company that specializes in solar cell production, has been the world's first battery outlet for seven consecutive years since 2017 (infolinkconsulting statistics). With regard to components, in 2023, the company's output entered the world's top five, with customers covering the main company generating power in the country.
Figure 142024h1 battery plate composition (gw) Table 152024h1 Enterprise target completion
Batteries are the smallest link in excess, or they are the first to see price and profit repairs in early 2025.
At the end of the second quarter of 2024, N-type battery capacity accounted for 69% of total capacity and became the mainstream of the industry. At the same time, in 2024, the price of battery tablets fell rapidly, capital expenditure in the industry fell, and there was a delay in production or project termination.
At the end of 2024, the number of days in the battery chain was reduced to positive.
1) Volume of shipments: In view of the sharp fall in the price of silicon in 2024, the company silicon business was at the bottom of the price of silicon in the year 2025, benefiting from self-regulation in the industry and self-reducing intra-businesses 1) volume of shipments: in view of the sharp fall in the price of cell batteries in the second half of 2024, mid-year
Start the battery chain in a loss state, output or impact, and the battery is in stock, but the supply and demand patterns of the battery chain are relatively good, so in 2025, or first to see the price of the battery plate, the agricultural plate: the company maintains a global lead in the aquatic feed sector, annual feed production.
With more than 10 million tons of capacity, and despite the industry as a whole facing challenges such as inadequate orders, stock backlogs, and financial constraints, companies may have a comparative valuation of the sale of aqueous feed based on the industry's leading cost advantage: we have selected a share of the relevant company as a comparable share.
According to the industry classification required by regulation, comparable companies include large-scale energy sources, stockholdings, Aio shares, Lungi Green Energy, Crystal Australasia, Trina Light Energy, and Crystal Energy.
Taking into account the fact that the shares of Tonway are silicon, battery chain costs, and leading companies in the energy-producing industry, the first, photovoltaic sector demand is not as high as expected: if global photovoltaic demand does not grow as expected, it will affect the demand for photovoltaic products, which in turn will affect product prices and corporate profitability.
2. Degradation of stocks of photovoltaic products does not meet the expected risk: stock accumulation resulting from excess supply of photovoltaic products affects product prices and corporate profitability, and, if industry stocks deconstruct less than expected, price reversals will have a greater impact on corporate recovery.
3. The risk of technology path change is higher than expected: while the photovoltaic industry has entered a slower period of technological change, it does not preclude the existence of new technologies or a greater impact on the industry, which in turn affects the industry clean-up process and the business profit recovery process.
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be directly linked to the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.