Semiconductor equipment platform company, yield replacement acceleration 26/05/2023
Keywords: #import replaced  leader of indigenous semiconductor equipment, showing accelerated growth in performance # company specialized in semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment and precision electronic components, among which semiconductor equipment
Covering etchings, film depositions, oxidation, cleaning equipment, successful suppliers of lead customers, such as Harakat International, Yangtze Storage, China Rainbow Group, Wuhan New Cube.
Overseas sanctions accelerate the process of national production substitution, and continental semiconductor equipment needs remain high. The US, the Netherlands, and Japan have joined the restricted camps, focusing mainly on advanced programming, and semiconductor equipment national production is becoming more pressing.
In terms of policy support, technology autonomy has risen to national institutions in 2023, with multi-provincial municipalities incorporating integrated circuit semiconductor chips into local government reports, and supporting industrial chain development at the levels of technological innovation, project construction, financial support, etc., with good policy sustainability.
Next, the logic of semiconductor equipment imports continues to strengthen, and we see the crystal mill accelerating the import of home-grown equipment, which is expected to increase in 2023, beyond market expectations. With regard to the expansion of the crystal-crystal plant, we expect overall capital spending on the crystal-crystal plant to be flat or low in 2023, better than in the year.
The start of the market is expected. As the 2023q2 bidding starts, the order of the national semiconductor equipment firm is expected to be delivered quickly. Then, the semiconductor landscape recovers just as well, China’s continental c-design tap has started to decline, and the industry’s bottom signal is clear.
Overlaying autonomously controlled demand, we expect the market size of semiconductor equipment on mainland China to be 265.2 billion yuan in 2024, a year-on-year +32%, returning to rapid growth.
As the leader of the national production semiconductor equipment, the company continues to benefit from the extension of the national production replacement + product line. 1) Erosion equipment: we estimate the size of the market for semiconductor corrosion equipment on mainland China to be 55.7 billion yuan in 2024.
The market size of ccp equipment amounts to $30.6 billion and $19.5 billion, respectively. Companies are more competitive in the icp area, leading to a wave of national production substitution, while the active layout of the ccp area is expected to continue to expand.
It is estimated that the market size of semiconductor membrane deposition equipment on mainland China will reach 58.3 billion yuan in 2024, of which pecvd, high-speed growth, leading semiconductor equipment of national origin, 20% and 36% respectively of the bid for the interpolated semiconductor pvd. In addition, companies continue to expand.
cvd, ald, etc. series, opening up growing space. 3) Thermal treatment equipment: We expect China to have a market size of about 5.2 billion yuan in 2025, and the company to set up in 2022 a semiconductor heat treatment facility in China with no tin in China and a tower in China.
China’s mainland market was about 13.3 billion yuan a year, and the company acquired krioon to improve the cleaning system, and the product system has been perfected, has successfully covered the slots, has been cleaned up in one piece, and is expected to be an important growth point.
National production has accelerated, q1 has outperformed the market's profitability projections and investment ratings: given the company's adequacy of hand orders and accelerated delivery of orders, we maintain the platform leader position in the area of semiconductor equipment, while the valuation is at the bottom, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Nationally produced semiconductor equipment leaders, with accelerated growth in performance 1.1. Nationally produced semiconductor equipment platform flagship, continued product line expansion
Companies construct diversified technology platforms, multi-line parallel layout of products. Companies and subsidiaries of the North are jointly identified by the Beijing City Science and Technology Bureau, the Fiscal Authority, and the Tax Administration as high-technology enterprises.
During the years of research and development, the company has acquired a number of core technologies in the fields of etching, film deposition, vacuum heat treatment, and has been responsible for the “XV” 863 Integrated Circuit Equipment Project of the Ministry of Science and Technology and the national 02 Major Science and Technology Specialisation Project, “China's Semiconductor Equipment Ten Units” for 2013-2018, and has been awarded the National Enterprise Technology Centre, mid-2018.
The main products of the company are semiconductor equipment, vacuum & new energy lithium electrical equipment and precision components:
(1) Semiconductor process equipment: mainly operated by the affiliate North, which covers the categories of corrosion equipment (icp, ccp), film sedimentation equipment (pvd, cvd, ald), oxidation, cleaning equipment, extension equipment, etc., and is widely applied to logical chips, storage chips, advanced encapsulation, third generation semiconductors, micromechanical power systems, etc.
(2) Vacuum & lithium electric equipment: Vacuum equipment consists mainly of vacuum thermal treatment equipment, atmosphere protection heat treatment equipment, continuous thermal treatment equipment and crystal growth equipment, which are widely used in the fields of vacuum electrons, new energy photovoltaics, semiconductor materials, magnetic materials, new energy vehicles, etc. Lithium electrical equipment provides mainly slurry preparation, vacuum mixers, coating machines, strong
(iii) Precision electronic components: operated by a subsidiary, Seven Stars, sophisticated electronic production, including products such as stone crystals, graphite micromechanical sensors, high-precision resistors, tantalum capacitors, microwave components, simulation chips, modular power sources, etc.
A wide range of applications in the areas of high iron, smart power grids, communications, medical electronics, precision instruments, automatic controls. Figure 2: Corporate main products include semiconductor equipment, vacuum and lithium electrical equipment, precision electronic components, etc.
Reflecting a rapid increase in corporate semiconductor equipment revenues. (Note: The North’s Micro-Start “ Semiconductor Equipment” covers the broad semiconductor areas of integrated circuits, new displays, new energy sources, etc.) Figure 3: 82% of corporate electronics equipment revenues in 2022
Corporate client groups cover the cutting edges of the country's general semiconductor sector. 1) Integrated circuits: company bulk supply core international, Yangtze storage, China Rainbow Group, Wuhan New Core, etc., 28 nmhardmaskpvd, al-padpvd equipment have taken the lead in the international supply chain system; 2) areas such as led, mems, new energy glimmers: coverage of San An glimmer
At the end of 2023q1, the company owned 43.08% of its shares directly and indirectly in China.
As a fully-owned enterprise of the Beijing City Council of State, Beijing has a strong regional resource edge and strong capital power that provides strategic resource support to companies over the long term. In addition, the National Integrated Circuit Investment Fund & Phase II, which together holds 8.36% of the company’s shares, also provides a solid basis for the company’s continued rapid development.
Figure 7: The real control of companies over the ownership of national assets by e-equity in Beijing attaches great importance to R & D-side inputs and actively pursues forward-looking technology layouts. In 2022, corporate R & D spending reached a sustained high level of R & D investment, guaranteeing technological excellence, product leadership, and laying the foundation for company follow-up.
In addition, companies attach great importance to building research and development teams, and equity incentives to sink core technical talent. On mainland China, the semiconductor industry is growing rapidly, and skilled talent is an important competitive player. By the end of 2022, the total number of company technicians was 4.123, or 41.2%, and in 2022, the company again implemented its equity incentive scheme, which was the first source of incentives.
By the end of 2021, the number of company technicians would have reached 26%. The coverage of this equity incentive would have been further subdued, providing a better incentive for people to tie up their interests and incentives for medium- and long-term growth.
By the end of 2022, the company had accumulated more than 6,800 patents and had authorized more than 3,900. The company was drying up internationally advanced equipment such as photovoltaics, leds, mems, power devices, etc. and vacuum equipment, and the plasma etching equipment had broken through the new high density/lowness.
The technical level of damage to plasma source technology and pulse frequency control technology, the pvd equipment that has broken through a number of key technologies such as spatter source design technology, plasma production, birth and control technology, particle control technology, etc., is at the forefront of the industry.
Quick release of semiconductor equipment, driving the growth of corporate revenue. 1) Overall, the company camp in 2022, which was 100 million yuan on a year-on-year basis + 81 per cent, maintained a rapid upturn. 2) Subproducts show that the company's semiconductor equipment continued to be released, with its subsidiaries in 2022 generating revenues of 11,433 million yuan from the North's Microelectronics and 55 per cent from 2018 to 2022, with cagr accounting for 55 per cent of the company.
The continuing rise in the share of total operating income is the main driving force behind the continued rapid growth of corporate incomes. Figure 13: In 2022, the share of income from the North to the North reached 78 per cent.
At the profit end, corporate net profits from 2018-2022 were as high as 78%, higher than the revenue end of the same period, reflecting an increase in corporate profitability. Further analysis found that since 2018, the net interest rate on corporate sales and deductions had increased.
And +6.01pt, with a marked increase in profitability. A detailed analysis of the Māori end and the cost end will follow. 1) Māori end: the improved structure of semiconductor equipment products drives the Māori rate to climb fast. From 2020 to 2022, the Māori sales rate was 36.69%, 39.41% and 43.83%, respectively, and the rate of Māori for electronics equipment increased rapidly.
The product structure is optimized, and there is a certain amount of cost downscaling at the end of the cost. 2) Cost ends: the scale effect is visible, the time cost is sufficient, the company is holding orders, which will guarantee high growth in short-term performance. By the end of 2023q1, the company’s inventory and contracts were actively raising and expanding production in response to the need for a strong order.
The collection of $8.5 billion for projects such as the “Background Expansion Project for Semiconductor Equipment” (phase 4), the “Supreme end semiconductor equipment development project” and the “Base Expansion Project for the Industrialization of Highly Fine Electronic Devices (phase 3)” will effectively reduce the production of energy cylinders and strengthen core competitiveness. In particular, (1) the Base Expansion Project for Semiconductor Equipment (phase IV);
The average annual sales for the postnatal period are estimated at 7.46 billion yuan, corresponding to an average annual profit of 807 million yuan. 2) The high-precision electronics equipment industry base expansion project (phase III): 220,000 high-precision rock crystals oscillators + 20 million special electrical barriers, resulting in an average annual profit of 443 million yuan, corresponding to an average annual profit of 133 million yuan.
Overseas sanctions speed up the process of national production substitution, while semiconductor equipment requirements remain high 2.1. US, Dutch, and Sun-to-day sanctions are expected to drive a higher than expected increase in national production rates Overall, semiconductor equipment production remains low.
The total operating income of the enterprises was 37.6 billion yuan, compared to 53%, corresponding to an overall national production rate of about 22% in the semiconductor equipment market. In the area of breakdowns, domestic semiconductor equipment enterprises have already gained a certain market share in the areas of cleaning, heat treatment, cmp, etching equipment. However, for the areas of light, volume/detection, coating, ion injection equipment, etc.
The estimated national production rate is still below 10% in 2022, with a larger national production replacement space. With regard to external events, the Netherlands and Japan joined the restricted camps in 2023, following the escalation of the United States semiconductor sanctions on mainland China in October 2022, focusing mainly on the advanced process, with the counter-globalization of semiconductor equipment becoming more apparent.
Figure 23: The U.S., the Netherlands, and Japan have successively joined the semiconductor equipment sanctions array for mainland China.
In the context of the escalation of overseas sanctions, the logic of semiconductor equipment import substitution has continued to intensify. We see that the process of importing domestically financed semiconductor equipment has accelerated, based on the technological accumulation of domestic equipment.
We judge that semiconductor critical equipment breakthroughs and a rise in national production rates are expected to exceed market expectations. 2.2. Extended production pending tender start, semiconductor landscape recovery is equally beneficial, compared to the design and sealing links, and crystal circle manufacturing is the current semiconductor industry shortboard in mainland China, which is autonomously controlled.
China’s continental market has a large gap in crystal-crystal capacity, which at the end of 2021 accounted for only 16% of the global capacity, well below the global share of semiconductor sales. In the context of the frequency of external sanctions, crystal-crystal autonomous demand has become stronger, and the demand for back-cyclical expansion of indigenous crystal-crystal plants continues to widen.
In 2023, we expect that the capital spending on the Crystal Cycling Plant as a whole will be flat or low, better than the market forecast at the beginning of the year. 1) At the logical level, the center core is the main force of expansion and capital spending will remain high in 2023. As the backbone of the inner capital crystal circle, the center core international is expected to add 100,000 units per month to its planned production in Tianjin in August 2022 in the lower cycle of the semiconductor industry.
Further validation of the countercyclical extension logic. In mid-2022, international capital spending amounted to $6.35 billion, or +41% of the year, and capital spending is expected to be almost equal in 2023.) At the storage end, production expansion in 2023 was better than previously expected, and we are still expecting some growth in the production of two or three-line crystalline mill cores, Shinhua, Yandong, etc.
Looking ahead, we are looking forward to the emergence of the semiconductor industry in the context of a gradual recovery in end consumption. 1) Globally, 2023q2 won US$ 3,693 million in light, a ring ratio of -96%, and a significant contraction.
2) For China’s mainland market, c’s design tap stocks have begun to decline. If a statistical sample of the annually reported shares of Weir, Shige Kuo Kwang Kuo, Gyeongzheng Beijing, Le Luang Science and Technology, Ho Chi Tsi, Shanghai Bay Ridge and Jingming, the average number of working days in the industry at the end of 2022q4 is 196.62 days, with a 5% reduction in the ring ratio, there are signs of a decline in the stock levels.
Figure 29: 2022q4 Decline in design inventory days in mainland China. Historical data show a high correlation between global semiconductor equipment and semiconductor sales at the same speed, while semiconductor equipment can show stronger growth elasticity during the industry ' s upper cycle.
In the context of the sustained recovery in end-use consumption, Semi expects global spending on equipment for crystal-crystal mills to be about $92 billion in 2024, an increase of 21% in the same year, with half-conductor equipment requirements expected to rebound significantly in 2024, entering the next round of the previous cycle. For mainland China’s market, superimposed autonomous demand, we look forward to accelerating the flow of semi-conductor equipment in 2024.
In terms of volume, we expect the market size of semiconductor equipment on mainland China to be 265.2 billion yuan in 2024, compared to 32%. 3. Platform-type product lines are better configured, corporate growth logic is clear, and companies continue to benefit from alternative + product lines as national producers of semiconductor equipment leaders.
In the areas of film sedimentation, etching, thermal treatment, cleaning equipment, especially in the areas of pvd, icp, thermal treatment equipment, etc. While the competitiveness of existing niche products is being strengthened, and market shares are increasing rapidly, the company’s product system continues to improve, and the integrated circuit equipment expands in a variety of fields, such as logic, storage, power, advanced containment, etc.
Multiple new items such as corrosion machines, pvd, cvd, ald, stand-up furnaces, scrubbers, etc. are brought into the mainstream production line, where the logical field of bulk purchase of company equipment from the flow chip line; various new process equipment from the storage area is introduced to the production line certification; the advanced sealing collar area is in partnership with the main domestic containment plant; and the powerware area is in deep cooperation with mainstream domestic manufacturers.
3.1. Erosion equipment: icp is more competitive in the market and the active layout of the ccp field is the key process after light etching, which refers to the selective removal of unwanted membrane materials by physical or chemical methods.
The electrograms are defined as light etchings. Depending on the mechanics, etching can be divided into two categories: wet etching and dry etching, where dry etching applications account for as much as 90%. 1) wet etching; early mainstream etching processes, each of which is less heterogeneous, cannot meet the fine wiring requirements.
Scenes of residues, etc. 2) Dry etching: Plasma etching, mainly using high-chemically active particles produced by plasmas, strikes the surfaces of thin films, generating volatile gases, resulting in various microstructures. Depending on how plasma is produced, dry etchings are divided into two types of equipment: ccp and icp.
ion energy is high and mainly applied to more rigid media materials, etching deep holes, deep ravines, etc. (2) icp equipment: ion energy is low, ion concentrations are even more uniform and applies to more fine processing controls, especially for softer & thinner film material processing. The chip miniaturization trend increases the demand for fine processing, irp market
The share rose rapidly, reaching 61 per cent in 2020 in dry etching equipment, exceeding the ccp equipment.
The electrosensive plasma is isolated by low ion energy and shallow troughs, multi-crystal silicon bars, gold etching systems.
Equated ion concentration etching relative to fence, silicon, metal conductor, current in plasma (icp)
Soft and thinner materials, embedded etching metal hard masks, etc. Radio frequency exchange
The tovacuum power generator, one of the three semiconductor core devices, has a high value of corrosion equipment in the forward crystal-crystal processing equipment.
21%. We estimate the size of the semiconductor etching equipment market on mainland China in 2024 to be 55.7 billion yuan, of which the size of the icp and ccp equipment market is 30.6 billion yuan and 19.5 billion yuan, respectively, and the market space is wide. Global etching equipment is still dominated by Lam, Tel, and amat, and home-grown enterprises have fully covered the icp and icp.
ccp. In 2020, lam, tel, and amat ' s share of the global market for corrosion equipment reached 47%, 27%, and 17%, respectively, and the logic of import substitution is strong. Among home-grown firms, MSMEs, Uttar Pradesh, have taken the lead in industrializing, covering icp and ccp, with an overall misalignment of competition.
The company’s icp etching equipment market is competitive and actively layoutd ccp is expected to expand continuously. The commons etching equipment is oriented toward customers in 12 inches of logic, storage, power, state-of-the-art envelopes, etc., and has completed hundreds of process products.
Validation. A breakdown of the product shows that corporate icp etchings cumulatively exceed 2,000 cavities; metal etching equipment can be the preferred platform for domestic mainstream customers with a stable volume output; high-deep-wide tsv corrosion equipment is upgraded to support the chiplet process application with its superior and heterogeneous performance validated through client-driven processes; and 12 inches of chip improvement are applied to upgrade the chip.
The ccp crystal edge etching machine has entered multiple production lines for validation; precision has been applied to client needs, with the release of a dual-frequency coupling ccp mass etching machine, which has achieved full coverage of silicon etching, metal etching, medium etching processes. 3.2. thin film deposition equipment: pvd has national production dominance and cvd&ald has expanded rapidly.
Semiconductor film deposition equipment is diverse and consists mainly of the three main categories of cvd, pvd and ald. 1) cvd: Gas molecules react chemically under external energy and are sequestered on the bottom surface of the line, with better repeat and step coverage. cvd is diverse and can be broadly divided according to cavity pressure, external energy, etc.
2) pvd: Targets are shelled using physical methods such as high temperature evaporation or high energy particles under vacuum conditions, the surface atoms are “evaporated” and deposited on the bottom surface of the liner, with a high rate of sedimentation, generally applicable to the surface sediments of various metals, non-metals, chemosynthesis membranes, which can be divided broadly into two categories: electrobeam evaporation pvd and magnetic splating pvd.
3) ald: The pulverized pulses of the gas phase alternately flow into the reaction chamber and in the form of a single atom membrane, in reverse form, should be deposited on the surface of the substrate, with full coverage of the base surface of the complex shape, with very high step coverage, applicable to all types of metal and metal compounds, oxides, nitrogens, sulphides and other thin film depositions.
With the benefit of the reverse cycle expansion of the mill, we estimate that the market model for semiconductor membrane deposition equipment on mainland China will reach 58.3 billion yuan in 2024. The product structure of the product breakdown shows pecvd as the first large membrane deposition device, with 33%, pvd and ald with 19% and 11%, respectively, and a combined tube cvd and non-pipecvd with 23%.
Under these assumptions, we expect China’s mainland semiconductor pecvd, pvd, ald, tubecvd, and non-coupled cvd markets to be 193, 111, 64, 70, and 6.4 billion yuan, respectively, in 2024. As the pvd equipment flagship, companies actively expand the cvd and ald equipment to open up the growth space.
(1) pvd equipment: The company has successfully developed the Tin-pvd, al-pad, g620, gx20 series, where the advanced encapsulation is firmly in the world's top three cis encapsulation companies. In the front line, the company's 12 inches of advanced integrated circuits made a breakthrough in the production of membrane deposits (metalpvd) equipment and won 2022
The Beijing Science and Technology Progress Award is first-class. According to our statistics, in the 2022 competitive bidding for Chinese and Jaguar semiconductor pvd equipment, the winning figures for North China were 20% and 36% respectively, and market competitiveness is evident. (2) cvd&ald equipment: 1) cvd: the company has successfully covered equipment such as lpcvd, apccvd, etc.
Medium lpcvd has formed a bulk supply and continues to expand the product series; 2) ald: the sale of the first national product, ald, in 2018, would achieve the 28-14nmfinfet and 3dnand atomic layer deposition requirements with a clear prior advantage. 3.3. Thermal treatment equipment: the size of the local market is about $5 billion, and the company already holds a higher market share
Thermal process consists mainly of three steps of oxidation, diffusion and decomposition. 1) oxidation: heat silicon to a high temperature of 900 - 1100 degrees in the oxidation environment, growing a uniform layer of silicon dioxide thin film on the surface of silicon; 2) diffusion: use of heat diffusion principles to insert impurities into the base of silicon to change electron properties under high temperature conditions; 3) decompression: by adding
Thermosilica silicon achieves the functions of crystal round mixing, silicone silica silica silica silica silica silica following metal membrane deposition, transistor surface modifications, etc. The furnace equipment is the basic equipment for oxidation/distribution/discharge, accounting for as much as 83% of the heat treatment equipment.
83% of the tubes were used extensively in the early stages of their use, with stand-in furnaces having high automation and low particulate stains, gradually replacing the bed-placed stoves; the fast-heat processor (rtp) had the advantage of having less heat budget, shorter processing time and even temperatures, with a wide range of applications, reaching 47% of the thermal treatment equipment in 2020.
According to gartner, the global market for thermal treatment equipment was about $2 billion in 2025 and, assuming a 37 per cent global sales of semiconductor equipment on the mainland in mid-2025, we expect the mainland China thermal treatment facility market to be about 5.2 billion yuan in 2025, of which rtp, oxidizing/dispersing furnaces and grid stacking equipment are 24, 18 and 900 million yuan, respectively.
At the global level, amat tel is more competitive in the field of thermal treatment equipment, with a global market share of 70% a year in 2021. Among domestic suppliers, the Qing Tang semiconductor, the North China Ingenuity, etc., are already in bulk, and Chinese companies have successfully covered oxidizing/dispersing stoves, rtp, etc.
3.4. Cleaning equipment: the rate of national production is high, the company ' s product system is improving, semiconductor cleaning equipment is diverse, and the wet method & single rinsing is the mainstream of the current industry.
Differently, semiconductor washing equipment can be divided into two technical routes, wet and dry, which account for some 90 per cent or more of the clean-up steps for chip manufacture; 2) under the wet-cleaning process route, which is broken down into single-swap cleaning equipment, sink cleaning facilities, modular cleaning equipment, etc., where single-swap cleaning equipment has a very high degree of process control and particulate removal capacity, which may be available
Effectively addressing cross-contamination between crystal circles, which is widely applied, is the main method of cleaning used in the crystal circle manufacturing chain. Based on the above assumptions, we expect the market size of semiconductor cleaning equipment in mainland China to be 99, 100, and 13.3 billion yuan in 2022-2024, of which the market size of single cleaning equipment is 67, 68, and 8.9 billion yuan, respectively.
The technical barriers to cleaning equipment are relatively low, and are expected to lead the way in achieving large-scale national production. Among the local suppliers, Shanghai, Shanghai, Pure Technology, and Micro-Core are the leading players in the area of cleaning equipment. In 2022, Susumi and Pure Technology achieved revenues of $20.8 million and $790 million, respectively, and the combined market share of the two institutions has reached 29%.
In 2018, the company acquired the U.S. Akrion clean-up product line, which now covers the entire process of a single scrubber covering al/cu, which is an optimist for the back-tracking of the country’s mainstream industry; the slot scrubbers have covered rca, rca, and
The process of gate, prstrip, phosphate, recycle, etc., has been produced at various clients and repeated orders have been obtained. 3.5. Semiconductor equipment components: Focus electrical & instrument instrumentation, etc., improved industrial layouts. Semiconductor equipment components are 100 billion yen in large markets, national production substitution demands are urgent and have a strong beta and alpha properties.
1) We estimate the global market for semiconductor equipment components in 2022 to be about US$42.6 billion and US$11.12 billion, respectively, and the overall market is large. The demand for semiconductor equipment components for semiconductor equipment in mainland China has increased rapidly, benefiting from the rapid release of domestically produced semiconductor equipment.
Re-import, in the context of global supply chain tensions, the supply of parts and components has become an important bottle for the expansion of the production capacity of semiconductor equipment, the neck, the overlap of external events, and the growing demand for the nationalization of semiconductor equipment components. Semiconductor equipment has a wide variety of components, and companies mainly cover electrical, instrument instrumentation, etc., to improve the industrial fabric.
(i) Electrical category: In 2020, the North China Credential Electronics acquired assets related to North Wide Science (rf) radio frequency (RT) technology. The power source is a key component in the process control of film deposition and etching processes, whose performance and parameters directly affect key indicators such as sediment/carving rates and filtration quality. (2) Instrumental category: mainly mass flow controllers (mfc),
Quality flow meters (mfm) and valve tubes are widely used in semiconductors, vacuums, new energy photovoltaics, etc. 4. Electronic components: downstream demand is strong and business size is rapidly expanding.
In the area of revenue, the scale of revenue has risen rapidly, and the level of profit has risen rapidly. 1) End of income: Seven Stars in 2017-2022 were sophisticated to 46% higher than the end of income. Reflecting the level of profitability, seven Stars in 2017-2022 were able to generate a very sophisticated electronic sales net. Figure 55: Seven Stars are growing rapidly in sophisticated electronics.
Figure 56: Rapid growth in sophisticated electronic net profits of the Seven Stars 5. Profit forecasting and investment rating 1) Electronic equipment: benefits from accelerated national production of semiconductor equipment, superposition of vacuum equipment, general semiconductor equipment, etc.
2) Electronics: Benefiting from downstream high-silentness, adding to the company's more competitive market, the company's electronics, Hsianghai, Sino-Ming, Taku-Technology, Hsing-hyeong-chyeong, Hsumi, Pure-Technology, Manchurian Enterprises, Precision Electronics are the leading companies in state-produced semiconductor equipment, with greater synergy with the company's main industry, and are selected as comparable companies.
Platform leader positions in the semiconductor equipment area, while the valuation is at the bottom, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.1 Investments in the semiconductor sector have fallen short of expectations: if the semiconductor industry has a reduced climate and downstream client capital expenditures, demand for semiconductor equipment may decline, putting some pressure on the short-term performance of the semiconductor equipment industry.
2. The national production of equipment is not as high as expected: the technical threshold for the specialized equipment for integrated circuits is high, technical difficulties at some points or bottlenecks in the domestic manufacturing capacity of equipment manufacturers may result in less than expected progress in the domestic production of equipment.3 The risk of overseas sanctions: if countries such as the United States, the Netherlands and Japan increase their sanctions in the semiconductor area of mainland China, the United States and Japan will be able to increase their sanctions.
The development of domestic semiconductor equipment will be adversely affected by the impact on the supply of core equipment, the purchase of spare parts, and so on. Three major financial forecasting tables in North China.