Revenue for 2021 is in line with expectations.
• Income for the whole year 2021 was in line with expectations, with long-term positive growth driven by “buy-in” performance, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, issuing a fast-track report on the company's performance, which is expected to yield a return of $15,971 million (+31.88 per cent) in 2021, a return to net profit, a source of revenue and an increase in the share of “buy-in” business as a driver of the company's performance and a “buy-in” rating.
• Short-term raw material price disturbance leads to profit-making pressure, as a result of a zero-carbon business-driven profit increase The company released business data for January-February 2022, which is expected to yield a gross operating income of $3.06 billion (+40 per cent), which, we believe, is mainly due to high raw material prices and an increase in the share of low-morigin integrated modules.
As a result, the net interest rate ring increases by 0.34 pct over 2021q4, with a marginal improvement, we believe that the firm’s price-fixing policy for downstream customers is gradually becoming more effective, and that the shared burden-sharing policy for maritime freight will further stabilize the company’s profitability. Looking ahead, as new energy orders continue to be released and technological change projects are realized.
Current output, with a scale effect, is expected to boost corporate performance by a steady recovery in the Māori rate of corporate steam zero operations. The core industry of valves is well positioned to see new energy order delivery drive a zero business growth rate of 31.88% and 40%, respectively, in 2021 and January-February 2022.
(1) The three main valves have a strong market position and are expected to grow by 30 per cent in 2021 on a year-on-year basis. According to industrial online data, in 2021, the market share of e-inflated valves/cut-off valves/four-triple valves was as high as the company's first coverage report - new energy opportunities.
The leading advantage is highlighted. (2) New energy orders are being delivered steadily, with companies expected to grow by more than 60% in 2021 over the same year, and the share of the heat management market is rising.