A steady increase in performance, with improved profitability of the heated management poles \triangleright \triangleright \
q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q2 q2 % & net profit: company 2021 q4 = $4.301 billion = slightly rewinded relative to the \triangleright net interest rate, 22 years of profit potential is expected to improve: company 21 % M & & net profit
Research Assistant: Depreciation of fixed asset inputs by Li Kingbo, at cost, affecting the company ' s Māori ratio; 5. Significant increase in shipping costs; 6.
The company's strategic approach is to take advantage of markets and sequester customers, with limited cost transmission. Negative factors for 22 years of profitability are mitigated by: 1. The impact of exchange rate fluctuations is reduced; 2. The effects of the company's price-fixing mechanism are evident; 3. The ability to increase production results in fixed \triangleright
The company is moving from parts and components into new energy heat management and gradually moving towards components and subsystems, with 18,811 million new energy car heat management products sold in 21 years, an increase of 167.39%. The company is now successfully entering the major North American customer supply chain and is working with Fareo, the general public, Mercedes, and others.
BMW, Volvo, Toyota, General, Gilly, Biadi, Upper Steam, Uttar Pradesh, etc. clients work together strategically, and companies are saturated with hand orders. Using existing large customer resources and thermal management accumulations, companies are expected to quickly move into the field of storage energy, temperature control, and mass delivery to shape the third growth line.
The air-conditioning business has improved steadily, and commercial refrigeration has opened up a new volume. 21 years of company air-conditioning refrigeration operations have led to an increase in commercial cold chains as a result of \triangleright shipments and fresh distributions, and we expect an increase in company air-conditioning operations in 22 years.
The DV-0+AC operation is steadily moving forward, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
2. Momentum: Promising for profit and fast-growing for heat management tap 3. Three-quarterly report for 002050.
Queries: 21q3 performance up, dual masters steady progress 4. 3x3 (002050): unafraid ups and ups and downs, heat management.
3x3 smart control (002050): Zero benefits new cars are available, cooling will go back to the upscaling corridor.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.