Quick Report on Performance 2021. 1-February Business Data bright, little pressure on profit margins.
Lower than revenue, mainly due to higher raw materials, such as copper and aluminium, higher shipping costs, and lower exchange rates against the United States dollar.
Around the dollar, the same 30% increase, we expect a sustained increase in the ring of zero gas, a relatively better traditional refrigeration system, a steady overall increase in energy efficiency gains for some products, and a faster increase in the demand for white electricity, such as domestic air conditioning, which sold 15205 units throughout the year in 2021, compared to the same year.
Positive. 1) The market share of sales of traditional products, such as four-threshold valves and electromagnetic valves, is still at the forefront of the industry, with a strong structural performance of electronic expansion valve products in the context of rising standards of effectiveness; 2) microchannels with high demand for overseas operations, but higher shipping costs have led to higher net profits. 3)
The Section has now achieved a reversal of losses and is expected to continue, but there is still room for improvement in penetration rates. We expect to benefit from the high sales volume of large clients +asp upgrades, with zero operations growing exponentially. New energy vehicles are on the rise, with 3.2 million new domestic vehicles sold in 2021, compared to +18.7 per cent.
On the core client side, a total of 936,000 vehicles were delivered in 2021, or 87.4 per cent, of which Mode13/y sold 500,000/410,000, or 36.9 per cent/+414.2 per cent, respectively, while other new energy vehicles were branded and Volvos, among others, continued to be released.
Gradually, it's a "marking" that leads to a asp uplift. As old clients set a point-to-place sales increase + a follow-up spot project is phased out, we expect near-50% growth in the 2022 zero business, but because raw materials are or will remain high, we expect a drop in the zero-to-rich rate.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: subject to large price increases and maritime transport, we downgraded the company ' s mid-2021 rating: electric car heat management rates are up, refrigeration operations are growing steadily and performance is consistent
In 2021, the same ratio was increased by 32%, the net return to the mother + 15%, and the performance was largely in line with our expectations. Companies issued the dollar, which increased by +50.6%, with profits increasing at a lower rate than they earned, mainly because of higher raw materials such as copper and aluminium, higher shipping costs, lower exchange rates against the United States dollar.
The sales performance of a large client of new energy vehicles, such as Tesla, in January-February 2022, the company’s collection of zero goods continued to grow more than it did in January-February 2022, traditional refrigeration continued to grow better, business performance of 2022q1 was expected to continue to increase for a period of one-to-February, and the traditional sub-circumstance was relatively good, with a steady overall increase in efficiency gains and a faster increase in efficiency gains for some products within the country.
The demand for white electricity, such as air conditioners, has been restored and 15205 sold throughout the year 2021, representing 10.1 per cent of the year (of which 8,527,000 were sold for internal air conditioners, compared to +6.5 per cent), with a positive increase in the same year. 1) The market share of sales of traditional products, such as four-way valves and electromagnetic valves, is still at the forefront of the industry, in the context of energy efficiency standards, and in the light of the structural performance of electronic expansion valves; 2) microchannels
The demand for overseas operations is high, but the increase in shipping costs has led to a sharper decline in net profits. 3) Avico is now on the rise and is expected to continue, but there is still room for improvement in penetration. We expect that in 2021, the traditional chiller block harvest will benefit from a high sales +asp upturn in large customers, and zero operations will continue to double.
For its core clientele, Tesla delivered 936,000 vehicles in 2021, or 87.4 per cent, of which Model3/y sold 500,000/410,000 vehicles, or +36.9 per cent/+414.2 per cent, and other new energy vehicles branded, Volvo and others.
The conversion component is gradually becoming a "marker" and is driving the rest of the upswing. As the old customer sets up the sale of the car plus the follow-up fixed-point project, we expect to grow by almost 50% in 2022, but since raw materials or will remain high, Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd. has been able to invest in securities with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.