Household appliances, parts and components of household appliances 3x11 - High rate of growth in new energy automobile operations, raw materials phase pressure: company annual report 2021, $16 billion of operating revenue achieved during the reporting period
1. Automobile operations continued to materialize, with phased raw materials under pressure: in the current reporting period, the company merged at a rate of US$ 1 billion, i.e. + 26.46 per cent in comparison with the previous year; in the case of automobile operations, revenues of US$ 4.8 billion, i.e. +94.5 per cent in relation to the previous year, a high-speed increase was achieved, as expected.
The cost of materials and transport costs has increased. Of this, 26.46% of refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical services have a Maori rate, and the cost transfer of raw materials has become more flexible and fast.
44.9 per cent, with sustained investment in research and development, to strengthen the building of product power through continuous optimization of the selection of Trina Smart (002050). 1.56 pct.
The team's three-quarterly reviews are good, and the company's managerial excellence can be seen. Performance meets expectations, and the heated management champions continue to perform.
Cashing -- 2021/10/25 Trina Smart Control (002050), The Pacific Automobile also has the highest revenue in the first quarter of the company ' s history. q4 Māori rate is 18.3%, down from the same year.
q4 achieves net return profit of 391 million, net interest rate of 9.13%, equal to 1.55 pct.
Team management - 2020 income is in line with prognosis 3, two-wheel drive of car + refrigeration air conditioning, and continues to deepen the pace of globalization: after more than 30 years, look at the long-term growth potential of the new energy track.
Development, the company has established a leading industry in the global field of refrigeration electrical and car heat management, a market for products such as corporate air conditioning electronic expansion valves, four-way switch valves, electromagnetic valve microchannels, electric expansion valves for cars, integrated components for new energy vehicle heat management, and amega pumps.
With the high-speed penetration of new energy sources, companies have moved from zero to components and subsystems in the area of automobiles, and have successfully opened up a variety of global automobile companies, including the general public, Mercedes, BMW, Volvo, Toyota, General, Gilly, Biadei, Shanghai.
Second, the company's refrigeration and air-conditioning operations are growing rapidly, and future freezers and cold-chain transport, as strategic points of activity for the company, are expected to be very thin.
The alternative is national production; the first global market for the megga pump product in the Avico business, which is also expected to grow in the future with the widespread use of high-end home power, maintains the company's “buy-in” rating at 26 times the company's 2022 dynamic pe.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the statement in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.