In terms of net profit rates, the net interest rate of the company 21q4 was 9.14 per cent, with 1.54 pct lower and 2.46 pc lower.
The main reasons for the decrease in net interest rates in the division were the following: 1. A significant increase in the price of copper aluminium, the temporary upgrading of the zero-exchange mechanism and the further increase in corporate profitability.
The company is deeply tied up with \triangleright Research Assistant: Lee Kyung-bok.
A well-known North American electric car manufacturer, with a large supply of goods and a sustained expansion of high-quality customers, has reached strategic cooperation with public users, the public, Biadi, and new domestic car-making forces, such as sprints, scaffolds, mills, etc., to fill the order. In the future, with the increase in the value of bicycles for auto heat management components and the high sales of new energy vehicles,
Technical barriers + cost advantages build firm core competitiveness. Corporate core products have high e-inflating valves, high bases, and companies are the first global leaders to produce e-inflation valves in the new car industry, in the process.
And the firm’s downstream customers are growing in a certain way, and the impact of scale is more pronounced, with the company’s Māori product remaining above 30% and leading the ranks. It shows the firm’s high-level confidence in the company’s future development, and the purpose of the buyback is to follow up on the employee’s equity plan.
Incentives to fully motivate the workforce. 37, 22, 17 times. Given the significant technological barriers and cost advantages of the company, the strong leadership of heat management, the high growth space for future auto parts and components operations, and the maintenance of a “recommended” rating
1. Momentum: Promising profitability and rapid growth of the heated management pole 2.
Queries: 21q3 performance up, dual masters steady progress 3. 3x3 (002050): unafraid ups and ups and downs, heat management.
4. Tribute smart control (002050): Zero benefits new cars are available, cooling is going back to the upscaling corridor.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.