• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 1 company 2022h1 achieved operating income of $6,972 million, an increase of 18.55 per cent over the same period;
Net profit was 752 million yuan, an increase of 34.10 per cent in the same year; net profit from withholding is 700 million yuan, pcb operations are growing robustly, board demand continues to flourish, profitability 1pcb operations are growing steadily and profitability levels are improving: companies printed circuit boards in the first half of the year
Business achieved major operating income of $4,432 million, an increase of 19.56 per cent over the previous year, which accounted for 19.56 per cent of total corporate business demand, firm maintenance of stable domestic market shares, continued deep-deeping overseas communications markets, and an increase in overseas communications.
Completing a pcb sample developed for a new generation of eaglestream platform servers now has bulk capacity to meet future demand for bulk orders for a new generation of platform server products. Automobile area: In the first half of 2022, outbreak factor short-term disturbance vehicles
The pace of production in the industrial chain and the overall demand for automobile electronics remain positive. Companies continue to promote the introduction of new customers and to achieve results, with the 3rd-phase plant in South China having successfully passed the certification audit of some of its customers and laying the groundwork for subsequent project fixes.
The growth of the 2ic board business has remained steady and fast, and the new capacity-building project has progressed well: the company sealing base plate business generated primary business revenue of $1,366 million in the first half of the 22 years, an increase of 24.78 per cent compared to 24.78 per cent, accounting for 19.60 per cent of the company ' s total operating income (compared with 21 years + 2.28 pcts); Māori
A significant increase in orders and revenues related to class enveloped sheet products, fc-csp base plate products in terms of technical capability deep south circuits (002916.sz): Communication and customer development are maintained at a steady pace to provide a strong basis for the subsequent growth of the enveloped board operations
The base, board, car, server base. The profitability of the untin-plated first-stage plant has increased, with the Māori rate of the enveloped base-plate business increasing.
2. Deep South Circuit (002916.sz): Performance: Sikypad II project is progressing well and is expected to go live in the fourth quarter of 2022; a slightly higher-than-expected growth of a robust harvest is expected.
The Guangzhou envelopes of fc-bga (abf board), rf and fc-csp, etc., have been ordered in order to meet expectations.
Investors are advised to focus on high-capacity, bt-high-profit, 4. Deep South circuits (002916.sz): gold levels, abf scale-up and investment opportunities arising from comparable valuations of low industries.
The country’s communications needs are not as high as expected, the effects of the epidemic persist, and the raw materials are highly volatile. The law, which uses legally compliant information, provides the present report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open market information.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.