♪ Allowlyownedsubdiaryofchinamerchantsbank Shenancircuits (002916ch)
Hold(maintain) 3qcouldbelowerdespitesatisfactory2q targetprice
Shennancircuits' 2q22revenue/nptoshareholdsgrew 15.8%/33.1% yoy
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
For 2022, Prismarkforcastspmarkettectogrow 4.2% yoy, motorategroveth lilyyang, ph.d. aftersignificantgroftof 24.1% yoyin2021.again, substratemarketwillled
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it.
lanalin = 19.6% = 19% = 19% = 19% = 19% = 19% = 19% = 19% = 19% = 19% = 19% = 19% = 19%
Yoyin2q, duetogroningdefromtelecom (mainlyoverseas), stockdata dacenterandautoteclectronicsmarkets. asnantongphaseiiiforyis
mktcap(hk$mn) ranpingupcapacitity, believeautopcbsaleswilleldecrowth avg3mthst/o (hk$mn)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Shennan'spcbgmimproveto 27.3% in 1h22 (vs.24.8% in2h21).
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm going to have to do it.
I don't know, chinaassetmanementco source: hkex substratedemandweakeningandsuppchainconsonstraining.
Sobstratesalesgrew 24.8% yoyin1h22, mainlydrivenbyynenewcapability share released fromwuxxiphaseiifory.otheresultswassalid, afteragoodylar
Forsubstratein 2021 (segmentrev.grovethof56.3% yoy).
I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ We're gonna have a good time ♪ ♪ We're gonna have a good time ♪ ♪ We're gonna have a good time ♪ ♪ We're gonna have a good time ♪
It's not like we're going to have to go to the bathroom, it's going to go to the bathroom, it's going to go to the bathroom, it's going to go to the bathroom, it's going to go to the bathroom, it's going to go to the bathroom, it's going to go to the bathroom, it's going to go to the bathroom, it's going to go to the bathroom, it's going to go to the bathroom, it's going to go to the bathroom, it's going to be a lot.
Growthforfy22-14feb2022(link) source: companydata, bloomberg, cmigmestimates earlyview
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, therearchanalynchorisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanalystcoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectsecurities orissuesueswas,is,orwillbe,directlydirected
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
♪ And bigmratings forgot: stockisnotratedbycm
Outperform mark-perform underperform
"and internationalglobalmarketslimited and internationalglobalglobalmarketslimited" ("cmbigm") iawhollyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed (awholly reported subsocialofchinamerchantsbank)
I don't know if I'm going to do it, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.
Of, andreturnsfrom, anyinvestssareindarenotgueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultoftheirdependenceontheperformancyofundercoveringassets orothervariablemarketfactors. and bigmmmendhathativostsssouldinndentlyvaluateblinvestmentsandtrateratements, anddencururesinvestors to consultaprofessionalfinanciacultorinatories.
I'm sorry, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedby the cmbigm, solelyforthpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsofcirientscmbigmorits affiliate(s) thomitistbuted.thisportisnotototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanysecorityornyinterestensenciesorenterintoanytransactions.nether and bigmnonyofofsaffialates, shareholders, agents, directors, officesorsorremspromyyèsaliableforanyls
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
There's a lot of other things, but there's a lot of other things that we can do about it, and there's a lot of things that we can do about it.
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it with the company.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, or (ii) arepersonsfallingwithinatricalle49(2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations, etc.)oftheorder, and maynotberovidedtootherpersonsofoutthepriorwrittenconsentof & Bigm.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'll be able to do it again.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Insingaporetoapersonwhoisnostanacrediteinvestor, expertinentoraninstitutionalinvestor, asdefininedinthesecuritiesandfuturesact (cap.289)of singpore, and bisgaceptslegalrespansiabilityforthecontentsovensootherporttosuchpersonsonsonlytotheextentrequiredbylaw.singaporeccipitssooultact &bisgat+65635054400formaticsattersaresingfrom, orincontractactionwithport.