Three-quarterly review in 2022: q3 net profit is higher than +20%.
# Cost falls # Performance exceeded expectations: the company disclosed its three-quarter report in 2022. The company achieved gross operating income of $5.92 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, equivalent to $1 billion, an increase of 4.0 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $690 million for the mother, an increase of 20.0 per cent in the same year, and a supermarket forecast.
q3 net profit is more than expected than the year plus 20%, Alfa attributes are strong, companies perform better than industry, with sales in the excavator industry falling by 28% on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of 2022, corporate revenues falling by 17.6% on a year-on-year basis, profits falling by 12% on a year-on-year basis, and stronger Alpha attributes since q3 in 2022.
The industry’s high base effect has subsided, with the same rate of growth and recovery, the company’s single q3 earning 2.03 billion yuan, an increase of 4 per cent, the mother’s net profit of 690 million yuan, a 20 per cent increase in the same year, and the higher rate of growth expected by the market, as the price of raw materials drops and the renminbi depreciates.
Cme predicts a 13 per cent increase in the volume of excavator sales in October, with companies having a clear Alpha against industry, with expectations that the price of raw materials will fall and that the profit margin will continue to recover, as demonstrated by the rise in the share of high Maori non-target products, the significant exchange gains resulting from the appreciation of the dollar, steel prices and shipping costs.
At the Māori end. At the cost end, 7.2% of the cost during the company period in the first three quarters of 2022, the corresponding ratio was 3.4 pct, with sales/pipe rates falling, mainly as a result of the United States dollar appreciation, leading to a large exchange rate gain. Looking forward, the company’s profitability is expected to continue to recover as the price of raw materials, such as steel, falls.
In mid-2022, the company had a strong Alpha relative to the excavator industry, mainly due to the high growth of the non-digging plate, and demonstrated the effectiveness of its diversification strategy.
Report: Performance was better than industry. In the second half of 2022, the company Mexico Production Base entered the infrastructure phase and set up a subsidiary in Indonesia.
In the medium term, companies are expected to open a second growth curve for non-digger hydraulics, linearly driven new products, and internationalization. Companies are expected to take advantage of their medium- and long-term growth prospects by replacing the import of high-end hydraulics with scarce domestic hydraulics.
“Standard Hydraulic Pressure” (601,100): 2021 report  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Taking into account the fluctuations in the domestic engineering and machinery industry cycle and the volume of new company products, and the pace of outreach beyond the sea, we are cautiously maintaining the company’s forecast of net profit returns for 2022-2024 as follows:
The monetary units of the data are RMB, and Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio advisory committee.