Three quarters better than expected, adhering to internationalization and diversity, constant hydraulic pressure (60110.sh) and the future of the chemical layout.
The same-year increase of 3.96 per cent and the net return to the mother of 692 million yuan, or 19.98 per cent more than the same-year increase. q3 quarter performance was better than expected with sales of downstream excavators, according to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, in August 2022, total sales of various types of excavators were made.
Consider the 18076 items, which are the same as the previous year, and the volume of excavator sales gradually shows a marginal improvement. During the reporting period, the downside of the downstream industry affected the sales of the company’s main products.
There was a slight decline, with a 22% drop in revenue from the excavator tank, a drop in income from the hydraulic pump valve, an improvement, a positive recovery in the single quarter, and a 20% increase in net profit from the mother. In our view, there is a marginal improvement in demand for the excavator against a background of steady growth expectations for sustained injections.
Exchange gains and losses increased in the first three quarters, and corporate profitability remained stable. In the first three quarters of 2022, companies remained relatively profitable, with a 40.30% Māori sales rate.
The net interest rate on sales rose by 29.61% compared to the previous round. During the reporting period, the global market share of companies remained stable at the end of the sales cycle, while day-to-day management was strengthened to control sales, management costs, and the combined Māori rate for products remained stable.
The appreciation of the dollar against the renminbi, the dollar assets held, led to an increase in exchange earnings, which also contributed to the company’s net profit growth in the first three quarters. We believe that corporate hydraulic products are nuclearly competitive and will remain hydraulically active as the industry expands downstream applications.
The long-term high spending on research and development is around the future of internationalization and product diversification.
The company has successfully developed a series of products to provide a solid product base for the continued growth of industrial pump valves. The company has continued to consolidate its engineering machinery.
In the area of non-engineering machinery, industrial pumps applicable to the maritime industry, shielding, etc. are also installed; in the first half of the year, the company ' s high-altitude platform was significantly increased, with motors and closed pumps growing at a high rate, achieving bulk delivery of the main control valves.
There will continue to be significant efforts to expand overseas hydraulic markets around internationalization, expand the share of emerging market sales, and sustain product diversification, deeper into non-engineering machinery, and faster product restructuring. So, in the long run, firms still have ample room for growth based on core technology.
Investment proposals: Given the company ' s core competitiveness in hydraulic components and systems, we expect steady and steady growth in corporate performance in the light of the current business climate and the company ' s profitability.
Corporate performance continues to grow steadily, and the proposed expansion brings new development space.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
London School of Political and Economics, Master of Economics, 7 years of work in securities, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021. Master of Arts, University of New Wealth, 2016; Bachelor of Arts, Harbin Industrial University, 2018.