q3 performance exceeded expectations, \triangleright benefited from three-quarter reversals of excavator sales and foreign exchange gains, q3 income and net return on return
\triangleright relative to growth. Three quarters of the country ' s excavators have decreased by a narrow margin and exports continue to be strong: 2022q1-q3, with 2003,000 excavators sold in the country (of which 803,000 are exported and 12 million in the country), yoy - 28.3% (exports).
Youy+70.8%, domestic yoy-48.3%); 2022q3, the volume of excavators sold in the country was 5.72 million (of which 283,000 were exported and 28.9 million in the country), yoy+3.1% (of which yoy+67.7% were exported), while the net profit increase at home was much faster than the expected increase in earnings was mainly related to the contribution of exchange earnings.
The company’s q3 Māori rate of 42.54%, an increase of 2.07 pct compared to the ratio, is expected to be related to the company’s greater cost-control capacity and lower pressure from lower steel prices to drive down the cost end. Actively explore non-digging areas. 2022h1, the high-altitude platform area has increased significantly, walking motors and closings.
The \triangleright type pump is growing at a high rate, while at the same time achieving bulk delivery of the main control valves; the agricultural field pump valves have made a breakthrough, the cotton pickers, rice machines, wheat mills, tractors, etc. have all achieved bulk loaders; and the company pump valves are still in place.
The seamen, shield structures, crushing and new energy sectors have all achieved a certain degree of loading, and the period of pressure from our excavators for future industrial hydraulics has passed, and the company's business is expected to move up the road.
In 2021, the non-square tank sales amounted to 1 684 thousand, representing 16.45 per cent of the total annual sales of the tank, and most of the business was still affected by the landscape of the excavator industry. The sales of the 2022m1-m9 excavators were evaluated on the same basis as the -2q1 quarterly reports: the excavator industry was delayed for a short period of time, and the product was part of the product.
A positive increase in sales in July is expected to be similar to the previous lows and highers for spare parts enterprises. Today, 3. Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100), 2021, is fast-tracked: overall macroeconomic pressure is high in the year, demand for steady growth is strong in the second half of the year, and capital construction is an important catch-up for steady growth.
The performance table of 2021q4 is not easy in reality and the share of products continues to rise at a faster rate, with a lower probability of a further significant decline in sales of domestic excavators.
The lifting of power led to a higher rate of sales of excavators, and the company’s operations are expected to move up the road.
Break-through - 2021/08/24 Quarterly: Accelerating national production replacement and sustained pump valve operations - 2021/04/28
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.