Mechanical Unit q3 Reversed performance, diversified layout aid smoothing cycle, 3rd Quarterly Report 2022 released on 24 October 2022, first three quarters collected by the company
Downstream industry cycles have declined and companies have reversed their performance in the last three quarters: sales in the excavator industry have fallen by 28.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, affected by the downside of the downstream industry, sales of the company ' s main products have declined, while revenues from the mid-digger oil tank products have fallen by 22 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and revenues from hydraulic pump valves have fallen by 25 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Quarterlyly, the company has achieved income reversals in the traditional low-season q3, mainly in non-flagged fuel tanks, non-flagged pump valves, and 2. Multi-producer product co-arrangement, with equal increases in sales of motors.
The company’s single-quarter profit margin is gradually improving and profitability is expected to continue to improve: the company’s gross interest rate was 40.3 per cent in the first three quarters, slightly lower by 29.6 per cent, and net interest rate was 1.9 pcts higher by 1.9 per cent in the same period. q3 quarter gross is expected to continue to rise as raw materials prices decline.
Corporate profitability is expected to improve continuously. Corporate product diversification and internationalization, with no fear of industrial cycle fluctuations: while maintaining the power of dredging plates, companies are actively laying out non-digging operations with products in shield machines, high-altitude operating platforms, marine industries and marine industries.
Some areas are widely used and are expected to continue to generate performance gains in the future. Companies are actively expanding their overseas markets, successfully setting up a Mexican production base, and establishing a fully-owned subsidiary in Indonesia to further penetrate the South-East Asian region, expand their share of emerging markets, and have a promising growth prospects.
It's 28/27/23 times the size of a man in Penn, taking into account the company's role as the leader of the domestic hydraulic component while diversifying the product.
The layout is more resilient and maintains an “enhanced” rating. Downstream demand is less than expected, overseas market risk, raw material price volatility risk, exchange rate risk.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment