The server industry's turning point, and it's a big shot, and it's going to be a big one, and it's going to be a tough one, and it's going to be a tough one, and it's going to be a tough one, and it's going to be a tough one, and it's going to be a tough one, and it's going to be a tough one, and it's going to be a tough one, and it's going to be a tough one, and it's going to be a tough one, and it's going to be a big one, and it's going to be a big one, and it's going to be a big one, and it's going to be a big one.
Wave Information: The server industry leads the industry for 20 years, with a leading industry. The company was founded in 1998 and listed in 2000, as one of the subsidiaries of Wave Group Limited, with its rich resources and a solid foundation for the company’s development.
Before the company changed its system in 1993, the group created its first small server, smp2000, which created a new era in the Chinese server industry. Since then, more than 20 years ago, the company has been working on a high level of research and development, mastering core technology, and has grown into the world’s first three and first Chinese uniforms, publishing a marginal calculator, with Chinese cities accounting for more than 50% of the total.
Waves x 86 servers are the third most rapidly growing global volume. They have been identified as national priority high-technology firms.
Smp3000, Smp6000 small machines won the National Science and Technology Progress 3rd and Sandong Province 2nd prize for scientific and technological progress.
In 2013, a wave-owned system of space shuttle k1 was officially launched. Filling the gaps in the key applications hosting systems in the country. 64-digit servers received the National Science and Technology Progress Second Prize.
In 2010, "Efficient Energy Servers and Storage of Technological Innovations" was awarded the 2009 National Science and Technology Progress Award "Emergency Technology Innovation Engineering Award".
The ts3000 high-end commercial server system, which honors the National Science and Technology Progress II - Wave Efficient Energy Servers and Storage Technologies National Award, became the only one in the computer field to offer technology products and companies.
Wave information: The high-speed leader of the world's leading server provider, the third largest, the world's first, has maintained the highest rate of growth for many years in a row. In 2018, the wave ranked first in all three categories: server sales, delivery and market share.
Since 2017, the company’s traditional product x86 server has been the third largest and fastest-growing source of goods in the world. Meanwhile, the company has seized an artificial intelligence vent and has made a full distribution of the ai server, which for two years in a row in 2017 and 2018 has been in the forefront of the Chinese market with an absolute advantage of a half-market share.
In 2018, the company’s first shareholder, Wave Group Limited, held 38.72% of the company’s shares, while its actual control was the Sandong People’s Government’s State Property Supervisory Council.
Figure 4: Status of major shareholders in companies Wave information: x86 servers are the main product Companies operate purely on server markets and provide leading intelligence calculations for cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence.
Under the company’s umbrella, the generic server product line is rich and is divided into four broad categories of 16 products that can cover more applications and provide the most appropriate solutions for the various models and types of enterprises. Under the processor structure, servers can be divided into x86 and non-x86 servers, of which x86 servers are used in China.
The most extensive and corporate-owned product. Because of its cheap, compatible, less stable, and less secure characteristics, it is mainly applied to SMEs and non-critical businesses.
Industry judgement: Upstream analysis, forward-looking diagnosis of industry demand tipping points, as chips, memory, hard disks account for almost 70 per cent of server production costs, and therefore analysis of upstream vendor revenues
From the historical data available, indicators of chip and memory were found to be superior, with the general indicators leading by 2-3 quarters. Chips: Intel and Appeed are the main providers of server cpu, bmc chips, by analysing the two taps.
The company’s revenue growth and sales growth rate can be pre-judged for server output and sales. Memory: dram is a dynamic random memory, used mainly in service memory, and pre-judged for server delivery and sales by collecting data from the global dramaxchange on the global dram vendor’s total stock increase.
Data processing: 1) direct relevance analysis of the increase in revenue and the increase in server sales. 2) Discrete the impact of price changes and predict the impact of chip and dram sales on server delivery.
Observing the global growth in chip company revenue and server sales, it can be seen that chip revenue increases are usually ahead of server sales, sales increase changes two to three quarters. And the 2019q1intel data centre gains are positive, as can be seen in the global server industry, the rate of revenue increases and the rate of global server revenue increases, and in most cases the intel data centre increases revenue and
Short-term peaks in the income growth rate will lead the server to a global income growth peak of about 2-3 quarters. Meanwhile, global income growth for servers will decelerate two to three quarters after chip collection slows down. Figure 9: Intel data centre revenue growth rate (%) compared with global income growth for servers (%)
Figure 10: Increase in income of the sector (%) compared to the global income of the server (%)
The calculation is based on an increase in the price index of the China-Korea electronics chip, which leads to an inaccurate and more comparative reference to trends in actual shipments. The changes in the volume of the two chips and the volume of global shipments tend to lead to a 1-to-2 quarter change in the global output of the server, but in some cases there is convergence.
So, we can combine chip revenues with chip sales data, and we can predict the performance of the server industry and the volume of shipments. From the intel chip sales and the intel chip revenues of 2019q2, there is an upswing in the server industry, which is expected to arrive in 2020q1-q2.
Figure 11: Intel chips predict an increase in the number of shipments (%) compared to server shipments (%) and an increase in the volume of shipments (%) compared to server shipments (%)
By contrast, dram income and global server income have increased at a rate that can be seen in most cases to be about two to three quarters of the world ' s highest rate of growth in dram ' s income growth leading the service provider. Meanwhile, when using dram sales acceleration indicators compared to the server ' s increase in delivery, the lag of about 2 to 3 months can also be observed in most cases. According to memory indicators, not yet seen
Industry logic: Demand warms, supply changes bring new opportunities Demand-side core logic, prejudging server industry warming in the following terms:
1) Cloud business development leads to the warming of cloud company capex; 2) 5g commercial activity, i.e., an increase in the construction of idc, prompts an increase in the demand for servers. 3) Increased demand for margin calculations, leading to an increase in the demand for edges for servers;
4. The rapid development of the ii industry and the rise in demand for the i server driven by the need for arithmetic demand. Changes in supply patterns, with brand manufacturers with economies of scale and technological advantages, are not afraid of white card competition: 1) changes in the external environment, resulting in an uncontrollable impact on server chip procurement, and hence an increase in demand for the i server
The low-price advantages of the white-plate producers, who have a stable partnership with chip producers like intel and Appeed, will also be a competition for server manufacturers. 2) But branders with a scale effect and R & D advantage can meet the needs of multiple customers, taking advantage of product differences and technological excellence.
(i) The last round of cloud server digestion is largely complete and cloudy.
The increase in the number of companies, the heat of the Internet giant capex, the growing demand for cloud servers, and the increase in the roll-out of cloud servers.) 5g ' s large-scale commercial operations, i.e., class 3g + 4g, are driven by a higher transmission rate, and the logic of acquiring a new data centre for servers will be confirmed again in the 5g wave. 3) The delay in data transmission will be addressed.
The question of the edge of the problem rises, and the demand for multiple bits of layout servers will heat the server market back up. 4) Increased demand for arithmetic and demand for ai servers. Back in history, early deployment of cloud services and advances in communications technology were the main drivers of the increase in the first two rounds of servers, which were the main drivers.
Warming in the wheel industry remains the two main drivers. With the large-scale commercial impact of 4g at the end of 2014, our server market grew at a similar rate of 12.90% and 19.93% in 14 and 15 years; 16 years of new cycles driven by cloud computing, these cloud manufacturers and csp manufacturers supported the expansion of cloud operations through a massive expansion of data centres, thus driving servers.
In 20 years, the server industry will be faced with a double drive from the 5g wave and the continued boom in cloud services, and the server industry will be warming.
2019H1 Microsoft and Aricapex expenditures increased significantly, q3 season capex increased by 11.01 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the Amazon Capex expenditures decreased. It is evident that the cloud vendor capital expenditure boom has gradually become apparent and that the services procured for 17-18 are projected to be largely consumed or entering the replacement period (the general Internet enterprise server replacement cycle is three years), and the servers are visible.
The demand logic 2&3:5g and the marginal calculation demand increase, and the large-scale commercialization of the service 5g will drive further increases in data transfer sales and in the number of idcs, leading to an increase in server demand.
In response to potential content needs, further development of the network, and further increases in the use of traffic, operators are deploying new and larger data centres in many places, pre-positioning digital resources, and are therefore expected to increase the demand for service servers. According to odcc data, the size of our 19-year Idc market will rise to $154.1 billion, a 25.5 per cent increase over the previous 25.5 per cent.
And in the next two years, it will be more than 25% faster. And the operator's idc data centre room, which accounts for about 70% of the country's idc machine room, will continue to grow with the arrival of 5g commercials, triggering server demand calculations that will complement cloud computing by deploying nodes and applications to data centres close to the terminal.
The speed of processing is accelerated, but the number and deployment of the corresponding servers are larger than central cloud computing. As the 10t technique develops, the demand for more real-time, short-cycle data analysis and the demand for timely processing of local operations increases, it will drive the extension of marginal computing applications, and the demand for servers increases as the power edge is driven.
Figure 21: Size of China ' s idc market 2013 - 2021e (millions of yuan) and rate of increase in year-on-year (%)
As data surges, traditional computing is hard to meet, and as the use of the ai becomes more widespread, the increased use and development of the ai technology by industries will drive the demand for the ai server up. The breakthroughs in algorithms and the outbreak of the data flood have led to the development of the ai industry.
As computer computing increases, allowing an increasing number of firms to integrate ai or “ai+” into their original technologies, and the large-scale application of booster support functions, applications terminals have developed well ahead of hardware structures, making existing computing platforms unable to cope with ai's massive data volume demands, and thus increasing demand for ai servers as computing power increases.
According to data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, in 2017 the share of hardware sales in the overall market was about 72.4 per cent for the i, which is expected to reach $3.77 billion in 2022, of which the procurement volume for the gpu server will reach $3.4 billion, representing an increase in the share of the x86 server to 16.6 per cent, and the idc forecast that global expenditure on the i, in 2021, will increase by more than 50 per cent.
It will be part of the rapid growth in demand for the server sector. Figure 23: Market size statistics for gpu 2016-2022 (US$ billion) and growth projections (%) Supply logic: changing supply patterns, waves seizing opportunities for markets
The external environment is volatile, and there is a change in the pattern of server competition in the market. Currently, Chinese server manufacturers occupy three of the world’s top five, but since 18 years of instability in the external environment, server chip purchases have been susceptible to uncontrollable effects, while wave information, based on good partnerships with intel, has ensured a steady supply of cpu; moreover, since 17 years of booming,
The jdm model, in close partnership with large operators such as Bat, achieved a global market share of 5.9% for 2019q1 and a market share for China of 28.73%, the only brander in the top five industries that has been growing. Moreover, as downstream Internet companies have increased their demand for server customization, they also have a strong R & D capacity.
In contrast to brand manufacturers, white manufacturers have an advantage over price advantages associated with precision and cost-control capabilities over many years. And wave information, based on its scale effects and the spread of the jdm model, can meet client demand by providing products of both quality and price excellence, taking advantage of product differences and its own presence on cloud servers and ai servers.
Figure 25: Changing market share curves across the world for server companies
Further expansion, leading to higher performance, three-fold logic, demonstrating equity benefits to the company, adjusting capital structure and proactiveness, and contributing to further expansion of operations. 1) Equity share easing financial pressure, lowering interest spending, and raising profit margins. This portfolio is expected to raise $2 billion, of which 6 are expected to raise.
Interest expenditure exceeds 30% of operating profits per year, and equity funds to reduce asset-liability ratios can contribute to capital structural improvements, upgrades 2) the remaining funds are raised to supplement cash flows to prepare for industry drops. In addition, companies have increased their use of industry voice to adjust their account periods to improve cash flows and ease pressure on cash flows.
The Department spends approximately $125 million a month on the procurement of commodities, with equity funds to prepare the company for advance storage next year. In addition, the company should gradually grow up, benefiting from the company’s continued expansion in size and increasing its upstream voice. 3) The 17-year portfolio situation has led to a double increase in the value and performance of the company.
The constant guarantee of about 1.5 times the average monthly operating cost of the super company supports the demand for expansion of the company's business, and thus, in the face of 17 years of corporate logic 1: unafraid equity, equity money can help the company to further expand its business and drive up performance.
Equity funds further help companies to improve their capital structures and support their operations. Interest spending continues to be a proportion of the business as a result of the expansion of the company’s operations. Moreover, as the company’s voice in the industry increases, the company’s weekly accounts payable rate increases and the rate of turnover of accounts receivable decreases, indicating an improvement in the utilization of the company’s funds.
Cash is relatively safe, but subject to financial influence, the matching ratio fluctuates, and money will be effectively replenished as the matching fund is completed. Company logic 2: the two-litre logic of pe and pss is expected to enter a high-growth period, driven by two-litre rates of income and profit.
Rapid growth, optimized build-up periods, higher profit margins, and companies are expected to return to a high profit growth period of 17 to 18 years. Corporate financial analysis 1: Reverse income growth sustained, marketing increased performance growth and improved cash flow
As industry leaders, companies have continued to benefit from the expansion of the server market, with total operating income of 38.23 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 13.79 per cent in the same year, net profit from the mother 518 million yuan, an increase of 39.09 per cent in the same year. At the same time, companies have accelerated their placement in overseas markets, and the share of overseas revenues has continued to rise.
There has been a marked improvement in cash flows, both in terms of decline and operation. Corporate financial analysis 2: Increasing per capita effectiveness, enhanced business voice and improved capital structure
The economies of scale and high R & D performance have highlighted the increasing per capita effectiveness. The increase in corporate per capita income and per capita income generation in 2018 was more than double the current average in 2016, supporting companies’ insistence on high R & D strategies.
This will also help improve the structure of corporate assets and liabilities and the operating cash flow. (Receipt: 1) Servers and components: subject to the warming of the big downstream Internet capex and the gradual introduction of 5g into large-scale commercial operations, we believe.
2) IT terminal and bulkware: This business is linked to the overseas server market and will also improve as the overseas server needs return to warmer, so that 19-21e gives it a 5 per cent, 5 per cent, 5 per cent, and other operations: as a result, 19-21e other operations are given a 5 per cent, 5 per cent and 5 per cent increase. 3) Other operations: as a result of the improvement in the main business and other businesses are driven by the increase
Māori (1) Servers and components: Considering that the server and its department)it terminals and bulkware are serving mainly in the overseas server market as the corporate industry voice increases and scale effects increase, we believe that the Māori rate for this fast business is stable as the gap in the Māori ratio for servers within and outside the domestic market is reduced, so that the Māori rate is given to 19-21e at 20 per cent.
Table 3: Three fee rates for 2016 - 2021e (% 1) Cost of sales: as corporate visibility continues to rise overseas, the overall cost of sales falls steadily and is therefore granted at 19 -
2) Management costs (including R & D): As the company's sales of future ai servers have increased, we believe that its R & D investment in cloud servers and ai servers will continue to increase and therefore the R & D rate will increase
Overall management cost rate increases, resulting in management cost rates of 19-21e 3) finance rate: as companies adjust their upstream and downstream periods, financial costs should be considered for valuation in 2020, compared with 2020pe in the Wind computer hardware industry
For 40 x, the company, as the leader, maintained a “recommended” rating of less than industry average in 2020.
• In January 2019, he joined the Institute of Financial Studies in the form of a Master's degree in education and computer research assistant at the Institute of Human Life, in 2019, he joined the Institute of Human Security in London.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and that, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, he seeks objectivity and objectivity.