Yunnan White (000538), a pharmaceutical creature investing in Shanghai medicine, and a strong alliance with the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
One billion shares, up to $11,229 million. It is expected that upon release, Yunnan will hold a share of 18.02% of Shanghai medicine for strategic investors, become the second largest shareholder after Shanghai Business, and have the right to nominate an executive director candidate, a non-executive director candidate and one.
Increased drug research and development. In the field of drug production research and development, 42 varieties were sold over 100 million in 2020. Industry entered the top 50 pharmaceutical companies around the world.
Together with Shanghai’s strategy for medicine, it can help to raise the overall level of research and development in a relatively short period of time, to develop research and development talent and power, and to further strengthen the development of Yunnan in biopharmaceuticals.
The links between medicine, partial anti-infection, self-immunisation, etc., and the current operations of the drug and future strategic tracks such as bone injury, medicine and beauty can interact with the products and services of the drug, effectively integrate industry-wide strategies and further improve the quality of solutions available to users.
Shanghai medicine has a direct network of 24 provinces and cities across the country, a modern drug distribution system with a high degree of intensification and informationization, with pharmaceutical businesses ranked second in volume, and the largest import platform for drugs, vaccines, and medical devices in China. Yunnan is currently a network of commercial channels.
Mainly based in Yunnan Province, which will have access to Shanghai medicine in the future, and increasing the market access of products to local markets, Shanghai medicine is rapidly globalized. Shanghai pharmaceutical clients in Europe and the United States and South-East Asia have good cooperation with well-known multinational companies, including Rhodes, Presbyterian, Narcomin, and friends, and interact with leading drug companies around the world.
Together with Shanghai medicine, it will increase the pace and depth of its globalization and enable it to be rapidly integrated into the front lines of global industry development.
The company’s own funds will be invested in the identified projects on a case-by-case basis.
2. Yunnan Pharmacy (000538), which is mixed between state enterprises and new companies.
2021-04-15) The head of the injury medication is firmly in place, and the equity incentive program stimulates motivation, toothpaste, and new products in the area of skin protection.
Yunnan Pharmacy (000538). The Great Health Development International Marketplace, where State enterprises have made significant improvements in quality efficiency and new projects, and where companies can grow in the future, maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Yunnan Pharmacy (000538). Performance continues to grow steadily, and equity incentives contribute to long-term development. No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.