Yunnan White (000538), pharmaceutical biology q1 camp, higher than expected growth, equity incentives to ensure performance growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Billions (40.5 per cent); net profit from deduction of non-repatriation of $1.37 billion (+29.4 per cent), non-recurring gain or loss of more than expected growth in q1 battalion, and major growth in the performance of pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical businesses. 1) Drugs: we measure that the revenue of the pharmaceutical industry of 2021q1 is increasing by about 50 per cent, mainly because of the continuous upgrading of brand power.
The growth of the pharmaceutical industry and the revenue from pre-receipt flows q4 in 2020, excluding part of the income from the transfer, has increased by about 33%. 2) Healthy: we're speculating the rapid growth of income above that. The company is the leader of the pharmaceutical business in Yunnan Province, which has accelerated the flow in the two-vote system.
Equity incentives guarantee performance, and the risk of non-recurring gains and losses is manageable. Companies launch two rounds of management equity incentives, with equity investments of about $5 billion, and overall risk is manageable.
• Explore new ways for new products to inject new growth dynamics into the company. Yunnan's toothpaste creates a unique competitive advantage for brands based on functional positioning, and we think that the model of extended value for big healthy brands is mature. In the area of skin protection, companies learn from successful experiences with toothpaste, focus on plant protection, and use the power of the ai to perfect skin protection, and this year,
The Osteoporology has expanded to the field of rehabilitation medical devices, invested in the acquisition of gold bridges, and continuously rolled out their products. New products and new explorations in the area of toothpaste and skin protection have the potential to inject new energy into the growth of company performance.
1. Yunnan Pharmacy (000538), Relocation of the State, Rapid Launch of New Pharmacy (2021-04-15), Yunnan Phenomenon (000538), Great Health Development International
In view of the fact that the company’s four operations continue to be good... bone wounds, the efficiency of the country’s conglomerates are significant, the leadership of the medicine is strong, and the equity incentive scheme is stimulating workers, toothpaste and new products in the area of skin protection.
(2020-11-09) and new projects continue to land, and companies can grow in the future, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.