Air dynamics (600893), tri-quarter 2021: 2021q3 performance ups and high efficiency gains Industry classification: F-FDTL
\triangleright q3 performance growth acceleration; significant efficiency gains: $8.343 billion (+18.59 per cent) in the first three quarters of 2021 and $783 million net profit to the mother
During the reporting period, the cost of the company ' s period was announced on 30 April 2021 as a cash management plan using idle funds.
A maximum of 20 billion yuan, within which funds can be rotated, reflecting the company’s current ample cash flow, will help to further reduce the company’s financial costs, the size of inventories and accounts payable will be innovative, or it will indicate an increase in the company’s production to generate savings for performance growth.
At the end of the reporting period, the company ' s inventory stood at $26,457 million, an increase of 41.24 per cent from the beginning of the reporting period, an unprecedented increase in size, an increase in company orders and an increase in product inputs; accounts payable of $16,292 million, an increase of 90.51 per cent from the beginning of the reporting period, a steady increase in the size of the company ' s production tasks, and the purchase of raw materials and accessories
During the reporting period, the net cash flow of companies was $8,760 million, compared to $9,167 million during the same period last year, mainly as a result of the increase in advances to clients. Large advances to clients are expected to boost public access.
The Division has increased its efficiency and synergy for the leading aviation engine industrial chain.The only industry in the country is the Military Engine Development and Production Company, the Air Force Enterprise under the flag of the air transport complex, the Air Transport Securities Company Ltd.
The company is the only company in the country that can develop a full spectrum of military aviation engines, such as vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, piston, etc., and is the only platform for the overall listing of aviation power in China. At the international level, the company is one of the few companies that can develop air engine products autonomously.
The total pilot capacity of the three-generation aviation engines and gas turbines and the four-to-five-generation test capability. The company continues to invest in research and development, the three-generation process continues to mature and the four-generation critical technological capabilities are significantly upgraded; the five-generation pre-research technology continues to break through the bottleneck. 1. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company generated $18,343 million in business income, an increase of 18.59 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit of $783 million, a ratio of $783 million.
At the end of the reporting period, the company ' s inventory stood at $26,457 million; accounts payable at $16,292 million, with an increase in the volume of production tasks and an increase in the acquisition of raw materials and accessories, or an increase in the company ' s production speed to generate growth in performance.
3. In the coming years, our military aircraft will increase significantly in demand levels and numbers, and there will be opportunities for the aviation engine industry to develop.