Erosion machine in fast lane, Minimocvd ready for launch: on 24 August, Sino-micv announced that the company q2 had achieved operating income of $735 million, Sino-micd (688012.sh)
The combined Māori rate for companies in the second quarter was 43.5%, an increase of 9.5 ptt over the same period, with an increase of 2.6 ptc over the same period, mainly as a result of higher Māori corrosion equipment as compared to an increase and an improvement in the Māori rate for mocvd equipment. In the first half of the year, the company collected $858 million in corrosion equipment, an increase of 83.79% over the same year, and a Māori rate of 44.29%;
Mocvd equipment earned $2.19, with a Māori rate of 30.77 per cent, an increase of 11.6 pct over 2020.The company is fully stocked with orders worth $1.889 billion in new orders signed in the first half of the year, a 70 per cent increase over the same year, and part of the Miniledmocvd equipment size orders are in the final stages of signing and will become final.
In the second half of the year, income growth was a strong guarantee. At the same time, companies continued to have high R & D inputs, with R & D spending in the first half of the year amounting to $286 million, or 21.4 per cent of the revenue.
The value of manufacturing equipment is 24%, the highest for the front, with a global market space of $12 billion. Mainly dry etching processes include two technical routes: capacitation plasma etching (ccp) and electrosensive plasma etching (icp).
On the ccp side, the company is a national leader, and the 12-inch high-end equipment has already been produced on the 5nm line of the crystal mill, such as power production, and the ccp equipment below 5nm, which is used for critical steps of processing, has been ordered in bulk.
Products such as Damascus etching, over 128 floors, and extremely deep-wide etching are also under development. icp, the company’s products are maturing. Primonanova products were validated on 10 customer lines, more than 70 processes were validated, 100 resonance cavities were delivered in June, first half of the year.
The company's mocvd for Ledgan's outreach.
Equipment dominates the global market, with a share of q4 in 2018 exceeding 70%. With Minild’s commercial landing, the company officially released mocvd equipment for high-performance minibiled volume production, which can extend its processing capacity to 164 4 inches or 72 inches.
6-inch extension. Orders have been received from domestic front customers and are expected to benefit from the outbreak of downstream demand from Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The head company, with the technology of equipment breaking out, with a stronger degree of national production substitution certainty, is expected to continue to upgrade and maintain a “buy-in” rating in Beijing, Beijing, West Side, 9th Street, building 1.
Risk factors: industry cyclical volatility risk; downstream client expansion less than expected risk; international trade friction; and, after five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, experience in overseas work such as Texas instruments, familiarity with the semiconductor and consumer electronics industry chain.
In 2017, in the Pacific, in 2018, in 2018, in sales securities, and in 2020, in the electronics industry, in the 3/2nd place in the electronics industry of the Golden Bull Award of 18/19. Li Xiaoqing, a Master ' s degree from Wuhan University, in 2018, in the Southwest, and in 2020, in the faith securities, familiar with the semiconductor industrial chain.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sunda Securities in 2020, familiar with the consumer electronics industry chain. Autumnto, a Master of Asset Assessment at the University of Gangan, joined the Sunda Securities in 2020, and engaged in research in the electronics sector.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.