A new cycle of flat-priced Internet access, re-launch of single crystal carrier, first-time coverage of Lungi stock (601012.sh) New cycle of flat-priced Internet access, re-launch of single crystal carrier.
On December 27, 2018, the global leader focused on monocrystals, the city’s share is expected to increase.
The silicon chain has high quality and cost barriers, and multiple moats have kept companies in line: 1; technology; and R & D. Several executives of the company have a technological background, R & D investment has been maintained at around 6%, and efficient product development continues: 2; leading cost advantages.
The cost of non-silicon is still much lower in the future, as slicing, thinning, and ccz technology imports produce; and 3, industrial chain co-optimal, the shares of Lungi are relatively deep at 300%.
In 2016, large-scale applications of diamond cutting rapidly reduced the cost of single crystal silicone production, and single crystal markets increased rapidly. The advantage of single crystals in terms of efficiency is evident, with domestic markets expected to increase to about 75% over the next two years.
After industrial fluctuations in 2018, the Department remained committed to the 2020 45gw extension program, based on leading size and cost advantages, to further capture the market share. To push down the industry chain to promote a price-free access process and increase profitability.
On the basis of the expansion of downstream components in recent years, it has led to a further increase in monocrystal city occupancy, with components from 2017 and 2018h1 being the country’s largest. The company plans to produce 12gw components by the end of 2018. Compared to the backbone of the integrated layout of the industrial chain, the company focuses on the development of silicon tablets with technical barriers and downstream components that do not benefit from a large-scale layout of high-intensity batteries.
The company’s leading costs, automated production lines, and the increase in size have led to a decline in the external ratio, with the company’s Māori ratio level significantly ahead of its peers. A new cycle of flat prices for Internet access has arrived, with single crystallines benefiting the industry at full speed. We believe that 2019 will be the new cycle of affordable Internet access.
At the start of the year, and this new cycle will be a global resonant development; industry growth will be evident in the second half of 2019, 38gw, with a centralized 16gw, distributed 22gw; globally, the increase in emerging market contributions and the recovery of traditional markets will drive global loading growth, and we expect global light voltage to reach 125gw in 2019; the increase will boost manufacturing.
At the same time, demand will further boost market confidence and valuation. Pe is 21x, 16x, and 13x, respectively. The company, as a locomotive in the photovolt industry, focuses on breaking through silicon pieces with technical barriers and heading down to Sindh Securities Inc.
Portfolio components of the market; company strategies in recent years have been adjusted to reduce investment in power stations with heavy assets; with future global parities cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of Towngate 9 in the West Side of Beijing
Given the advent of a new cycle of Internet access and the further rise in monocrystality, companies are expected to benefit the first time as absolute champions in the monocrystal silicon field, the first-ever coverage gives companies a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: below expectations in building capacity: policy risks in the photovoltaic sector: friction in international trade; price volatility in raw materials, etc.
In 2006, it was fully documented that the company had established a strategic position for specialized solar monosilicon producers and focused on the breakthroughs and costs of monosilicon technology during the period 2006-2014.
After a decade of growth, the company has now become the world’s largest producer of solar monocrysilica in 2017, with components delivering 4.7gw in 2017 and domestic components ranking first.
By 2015, the company focused on technological breakthroughs and cost controls for monocrystal silicon products, which accounted for more than 80% of the company ' s total revenues. After the company started to expand the downstream market in 2015, the battery assembly business received a rapid increase, and the component business earned $9175 million in 2017, representing 56% of the company ' s overall revenues. The Māori rate for both the company ' s s silicon and component products was significantly higher over the past five years as a result of the continued drive to reduce efficiency gains and the whole industry chain layout.
Upgraded. In the first three quarters of 2018, despite a certain decline in the Māori ratio of companies affected by industry fluctuations, companies had a plan for continuous downswing, and their profitability was expected to return to growth as the industry improved.
There has been a significant shift in the company’s pre-market roe. This has been mainly due to: the 2009 financial crisis, which led to a decline in global demand and a fall in the company’s roe; the recovery of demand in 2010 and a recovery in public roe levels; the subsequent slowdown in demand, compounded by a sharp fall in the price of silicon and a decline in the company’s profitability; and, in 2012, Europe and America launched a “double back” on our photovoltaic products and the bankruptcy of the country’s leader, Chande, which led to a loss of the company.
Through the Dupont analysis, we believe that the company’s rise is largely due to a rise in net interest rates. In a step-by-step, the company’s current cost rate has remained relatively stable, but the increase in the Māori rate is clear, demonstrating the company’s excellent cost-control capabilities.
Figure 4: Corporate Dupont's performance has continued to grow since it was listed, with a parent net profit compound growth rate of 166.25 per cent in 2013-2017. Specifically, in 2013-2014, the global photovolt machine gradually recovered and, in the absence of Sichand, the company actively developed offshore customers, with overseas revenues rising to more than 60 per cent of the company's total revenue; in 2015, the company's start-up group rose to over 60 per cent of the company's total revenue.
In terms of cost rates, the company’s cost control has been more effective, and in recent years the cost rate has remained essentially stable at a level of 8 to 9%. From 2015 the market for downstream components has been expanded.
Since then, company sales costs have increased as a result of costs associated with the sale of components, such as freight charges, quality assurance, etc., but overall changes in the supply and demand of the industry and the financial cost of the New Deal 531 have resulted in pressure on the profitability of the company, and single crystal carriers are looking forward to re-launching. By the third quarter of 2018, the company achieved business income of $14,671 million, an increase of $35.26 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $1,691 million, a decrease of 24.53 per cent.
Indicators such as acceleration, Maori rates, and roe have been at a low level in recent years. And it has never been seen that the need for containment in the country will be released gradually, with a new cycle of affordable Internet access, the technological, scale, cost advantages of the leading enterprise being further highlighted, and the monocrystal carrier being re-launched.
Figure 10: Changes in the Māori rate in a single-season company Figure 11: Changes in the company ' s single-season roe The shareholders in the company and the persons in actual control are Mr. and Ms. Li Jin Guo, the couple are married and, as of September 2018, the parties together held 20.35% of the company ' s shares
At the same time, Mr. Li Chunan, a student of Li Zhen Guo, formed a concerted action relationship with both individuals, holding 31.32% of the company ' s shares. Figure 12: Corporate equity structure and subsidiary status (up to 2018.06) Stock incentive scheme deeply binds employee and company interests. To date, the company has implemented two phases of equity incentive scheme, of which 489 persons were awarded for the first time and 927.23 were awarded.
Ten thousand shares, or 1.72 per cent of the total stock of the company at the time; the second actual award of 1,202 persons, or 1.2574 million shares, or 0.63 per cent of the total stock of the company at the time.
The company’s early focus on single crystalline silicone drops provides a solid foundation for later extension of the components. The company’s early focus on single silicon is based on a sound study and argumentation. First, the crystalline silicon route is the current mainstream route in the short term, with the advantages of low investment costs, stable industrial base, prospects for industrialization, etc.; and second, the single crystallized process, high production and technology thresholds, high demand on regional layouts, and lower electricity costs associated with high conversion efficiency.
Space is large; at the same time, the transaction costs of photovoltaic manufacturing are lower than the total cost, and the integration model is more demanding for the enterprise’s resource capacity and risk affordability. In 2006, the company established a strategic positioning of professional solar-grade monosilica producers, which, by growing and growing, has achieved greater technological, cost, etc., leadership in the monocrystal field.
Figure 13: Photovoltaic industrial chains and company layout The production of silicons consists mainly of long crystals and slices. For single crystal silicon production, the long crystals are currently mainly composed of both direct lafa (cz) and zone molten (fz) processes, which have the advantage of technological maturity, rapid crystalization, production of large diameter silicon sticks, low manufacturing costs, etc., and are the dominant technology route for solar photovoltaic silicon single crystals.
In contrast, more purity, impurities, and deficiencies are associated with the production of regional molten products, but it is more difficult to produce large-size single-crystal silicon bars and more costly applications in the powerware field. The straight-line process is the melting of silicon in single-crystal furnaces, forming silicon sticks through processes such as crystallization, shoulder-and-scarce growth and closing, etc.; the silicon rods are then cut and formed into silicon blades.
Figure 14: Company monocrystal silicon pull-up processes Figure 15: Simulation of single-crystal processes in the silicon manufacturing chain, where reducing manufacturing costs and improving the quality of products is a key factor in enterprise competition and constitutes a technical barrier to the industry. On the one hand, firms need to take ownership.
Continued research and development investment to increase the completion rate of single crystalline silicon, reduce the cut-off loss of silicon cut-off, increase single production and reduce single consumption; at the same time, there is a need to improve the efficiency of photovoltaic conversions and reduce the decline rate through research and development to increase the life expectancy of young children and reduce impurities such as carbon, oxygen and metals.
In 2017, the company-led new standards for silicon tablets were incorporated into the Semi standard and distributed globally. In addition, the company was able to produce a single-cooler production and electric power supply free of charge to the world.
Decreasing technology - lir (optic regenerative) technology, which continues to lead to industrial progress. Changes in R & D inputs and the share of R & D received by companies over the years, Figure 17: Changes in R & D numbers in companies over the years
2.2 The company has achieved significant success in advancing silicon silicon drops, and there is still room for future decline around metres/fibres, which by 2016 had fallen to around 1.7 yuan/sculptures, with a 67% decline. The company’s main means of achieving this reduction are: integration of supply chain management, upgrading of planning and property control capabilities; acceleration of the process of automating production lines; promotion of advanced technologies such as single crystal rapid growth and multiple crystals; and the completion of gold cutting techniques in leading industries.
In the future, there is still room for further reductions in company non-silicon costs, and companies plan new projects with standard non-silicon costs no higher than one.
In addition to the further reduction in manual and manufacturing costs, we believe that there is still some scope for a reduction in the non-silicon costs of long crystals and slices. From the long crystal link, the company has now completed the import of multiple rcz-based high-speed and continuous ccz-based production.
In August 2018, the company signed a co-operation agreement with ccz solar energy for efficient single crystal batteries, with full cooperation and exchange in the development and application of ccz efficient monocrystal products.
In addition to the application of new production processes, the long-crystal chain can also improve individual production, reduce production costs and improve product quality through technologies such as increasing input, increasing long-crystal speed, optimizing hot-spot structures, introducing low oxygen processes.
In the context of the slices, the cost of the slices will be further reduced by increasing the rate of their production by fine wired gold lines and silicon thinning. According to the international photovolt technology road map (itrpv), there is still much room for a reduction in the thickness of the silicon in the long term, which is expected to drop to 130 micrometers, and to reduce the thickness of the multiple silicons to about 150 micro metres. In terms of yield rates, the production of single siliconsates through the cutting of the silicon lines currently consumes about 17 g, i.e., the corresponding silicon film output rate is about 60 m/kg.
In addition to automating production lines and optimizing the process, companies promote the domestication of production equipment to further reduce production costs. In purchasing equipment, companies buy modules in combination with the technological leadership of the various plants in different modules, with customized requirements and technical improvements, and sign exclusive confidentiality agreements.
Production equipment is often better adapted to new technologies and processes, with long-term suitability and lower technological adaptation costs. Currently, domestic suppliers of equipment to companies have largely covered the various production chains. 2.3 The trend of crystallization is established that future market share will continue to rise.
By 2015, the polycrystal silicon had an absolute advantage in the market as a result of relatively simple processes, lower technical difficulties, and low cost and product prices. Then, with the large-scale application of the diamond cutting technology in the single silicon sector, the production cost of the monocrysil silicon was significantly reduced and the price gap with the polycrystal silicon was rapidly reduced.
In the first half of 2018, the share of silicon silicon production rose from 31% in 2017 to 52.7%, or more than half. We believe that single crystal routes have a clear advantage in terms of efficiency, are in line with current industry trends, and continue to fall as projects such as the runners continue and as single crystal routes continue to fall.
Ben, maintaining a reasonable price difference with the polycrystal silicon (currently around 0.8-0.9 yuan per piece), the city’s share is expected to rise to about 75% in the next two years or so. And according to the oligarchic pattern of the intrpv 2.4 industry, the firm extension of production guarantees is sufficiently supplied, the silicon chain is highly concentrated, the Lungi and the Central Ring are single crystals.
The production of silicon enterprises is 30gw, the city is close to 60%, and the market share is expected to outpace 65% for the year. Of the five enterprises listed above, the single crystal production capacity is only 4gw, the Lungi and the Central Ring are absolute leaders in the single crystal silicon sector, and according to the enterprise plan, by the end of 2018, the single silicon capacity of Lungi will reach 28gw and the medium ring capacity 23gw.
According to the company’s three-year strategic plan for monocrysilica operations (2018-2020), the company will aim to achieve 28, 36 and 45gw silicon production capacity by the end of 2018, respectively. After the fluctuations in the country’s photovoltaic industry in 2018, the company’s chairman, Mr. Chung Po-Shen, remained clear at the end of 2018 that the company would not adjust its expansion plan to achieve 45gw capacity by the end of 2020, and that a firm expansion of production would provide sufficient guarantees for rising downstream monocrystal city occupancy rates.
The company’s continued reduction of the non-silicon cost of silicon in recent years has produced significant results, and the increase in the Māori rate has been significantly higher than the Māori level of the central ring shares (Note: The Māori rate will be affected by the inclusion of some batteries and component products in the new energy materials business of the central ring). With the release and price decline of silicon production capacity in the industry in recent years, leading firms will take up further market shares on the basis of their leading cost controls, and higher-cost backward production capacity will be phased out.
In 2017, our production of multi-crystal silicon increased by 242,000 tons, compared to 24.10 per cent, and its import by 15,89 million tons, compared to 12.69 per cent, while the share of imports in apparent consumption, which has been declining, was rising.
The cost of domestic silicon taps is clear, and the process of import substitution is expected to accelerate. With high technical and cost barriers in the industry, the supply of silicon is more concentrated globally, with less than 20 enterprises with capacity above 10,000 tons at the end of 2017, and the top 10 enterprises in the industry having combined capacity of 38.48 million tons. By the end of 2017, the country was producing more crystallized materials.
There are 22 silicon enterprises with a total effective capacity of 276,000 tonnes/year. The cost advantage of domestic silicon taps is clear. The current production cost of silicon taps is less than 60,000 tonnes/year, the cost of new production capacity will be less than 50,000 yuan/tons, and, in the context of the price of silicon, low-cost, advanced energy delivery will phase out the low-cost, high-cost production capacity and further reduce the price of silicon.
In 2018, companies signed long-term supply agreements for silicon with the country’s three main silicon taps (Mauritium, Etonym, and Sinoe) and overseas taps (Oci), at prices that followed.
The company signed a supply agreement for approximately 250,000 tons of silicon, which we measured to correspond to about 81gw silicon production and to ensure adequate supply of silicon.iv. Costs and technological advantages are clear, extension of the component market drives the process of affordable Internet access. On the basis of the firm ' s determination of its absolute lead in the area of single crystalline silicone, the company acquired Xijiang Lei leaf and set up a Xiaovu in late 2014 and early 2015, and went down to the suburban assembly market.
According to the pvinfolink data, the company’s component output was the highest in the country throughout the year 2017 and the first half of 2018, and the global output ranking rose from the seventh in 2017 to the third in 2018h1. According to the energy data, the company has grown rapidly since its deployment in 2015, with a component capacity of 5gw, which is almost close to the production capacity of the component leader.
The company plans to produce 12gw components at the bottom of 2018, making it the world’s largest plant for photovoltaic components. At the same time, from the output layout, the rest of the components are located in a relatively balanced distribution of production capacity across the chain (silicon, battery, assembly), while the company focuses on developing core and technical barriers to silicon and components that can be directly downstream, without large-scale layouts of silicon and battery components that require high input.
Cost control has worked well and the Māori rate has continued to grow. The company has not shown a significant advantage in product prices compared to the core of the component chain, but the Māori rate has continued to grow at a higher level than that of its counterparts, with Māori component operations having increased by 30.70 per cent in 2017, or 3.50 percentage points. We believe that Māori is a good measure of cost control for the company, leading the cost levels of silicon in integrated layout enterprises, and transplanting years of experience with silicon production to batteries.
The film and component links, as well as the promotion of production lines and workshop automation, the company's “efficient single crystal perc photovoltaic digitization workshop” project, which was set up by the Department of Trade and Communications's 2017 project on smart manufacturing Integrated standardization and the application of new models, was the first enterprises to be supported by smart manufacturing projects in the photovoltaic industry, and, with the expansion of capacity, the company's extra labour ratio has further declined, contributing to the growth of profitability.
4.1 Good demand for high-efficiency products and continuous improvement in the quality and performance of the company's products Towards the end of the year, the concentration of projects has led to a significant increase in demand for high-efficiency products as the deadline for integration of the runners project approached. According to pvinfolink, the price difference between single crystal perc batteries (21-21.4%) and single crystal batteries (19.8-20%) was 0.12/w in July 2018
Expanding to 0.22/w by the end of 2018: single crystal perc batteries (21-21.4%) have a price difference from 0.19/w to 0.32/w from gold-crystal cutting cells (18.5% - 18.6%). The recent price of high-efficiency perc batteries has even rebounded, reflecting that efficient production is not as excessive as market expectations.
About half of the component needs can be met, and profitability is guaranteed to some extent in the context of high-efficiency battery supply constraints. Figure 35: Different conversion efficiency battery prices and price differential changes in 2018 ($/w) Companies rely on their strong R & D capabilities to continuously increase their mass production and capacity to develop component products. As of 2018h1, the company's single crystal perc battery conversion was the most efficient.
Pair has reached 23.6%, high-efficiency monocrystal perc component conversion efficiency has reached 20.66%, 60 monocrystal perc semiforms have reached 360 W, all of which have updated the world’s record, and R & D levels are at industry leadership levels.
The results of the mid-term evaluation of the “13th Five-Year Plan” of solar power generation, held by the Department of Energy on 2 November 2018, referred to the upward revision of the “13th Five-Year Plan” photovoltage target to 210gw, or even 250-270gw, while as of September 2018 the country's cumulative photovoltaic capacity was 164.74gw, which, if adjusted, would provide 45gw, or even 85-105gw, in the next two and a half years. At the same time, it was clear that the photovoltaic subsidy would last until 2022.
Quotas promote cleaner energy consumption in the future. In November 2018, the Energy Authority issued a letter seeking advice on the introduction of a renewable energy power quota, which sets out the minimum share of electricity consumption of renewable energy in the entire society in each province, i.e., binding targets for power quotas for non-hydro, renewable energy and setting incentive targets of 10% above the approximate binding target. Market subjects that have not completed the quota requirements may complete the quota requirements by purchasing renewable energy electricity from other subjects or accepting green certificates.
In comparison with the quota targets under the Quota System, we found that 10 provinces, including Ningxia and Yunnan, met the binding quota target of 2018. Only three provinces, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia and Yunnan, could meet the 2020 quota requirement.
We expect to increase global and domestic installed capacity in 2019. Globally, the price of the beneficial components has accelerated the process of affordable access, the rapid growth of new and emerging markets and the recovery of traditional markets, and we expect global photovoltaics to reach 125gw in 2019, a 22% increase compared to the domestic market.
5.1 Globally, both emerging and traditional markets will grow in 2019. From a global perspective, we believe that the growth in the size of the installed aircraft comes mainly from two sources: on the one hand, the increase in the contribution of African and Middle Eastern photovoltaic emerging markets; and, on the other, Europe.
In the case of emerging markets, the relative cost of electricity due to lower prices for manufactured end-products, the rapid increase in the size of photovoltaic emerging markets, and the proportion of combined photovoltaics in Africa, the Middle East, Central America, South America, and Oceania as a proportion of the world’s additional photovoltaics are expected to rise from 5.2% in 2017 to 24.1% in 2020.
In the case of some of the major European countries that are traditionally installed, with the elimination of the EU ' s double-inverse policy on our batteries and components in September 2018, the EU ' s purchase of raw materials at the end of the manufacture is expected to decline rapidly, with the impact of lower costs, with a large increase in the size of centralized power plants in countries such as Germany and Spain between 2019 and 2020. 5.2 Domestically, low-subsidized and non-subsidized projects will boost the growth of the industry.
In the “13th Five-Year Plan” for the development of renewable energy, 13.10gw was planned for 2019 for additional installed units at photovoltaic stations, and we believe that, on the one hand, taking into account the objective fact that the country has a target for upper-loader planning; on the other hand, taking into account the gap in subsidies, we assume that the average power station indicator for 2019 is 10gw; on the other hand, the distribution side, the distribution index for 2018 was set at 10gw in the New Deal 531 and we assume that it is still at that level in 2019.
Pilot projects. The implementation of the pilot scheme, on the one hand, accelerates the upgrading of upstream manufacturing end-products, improves conversion efficiency and component power, and reduces electricity consumption costs; and, on the other hand, effectively reduces the reliance on subsidies while introducing competitive mechanisms among the runners to speed up the process of price parity online.
So far, we have issued three editions of the Photovoltaic Leadr Scheme, the first and the second, the sizes of 1.0gw and 5.5gw, respectively, and the third phase, which began to distinguish between the application leaders and the technical leaders, the size of 5.0gw and 1.5gw, respectively, the third planned application leader project, which is connected to the network at the end of 2018, and the technology leader project, which is connected to the network in mid2019. Meanwhile, the country has recently issued 1.5gw indicators to reward the third group of high-quality runners and to demand that they be connected to the network by mid-2020.
The node may serve as a reference for the fourth pilot project and the node. Thus, at present, there are still parts of the third batch of application pilot projects that are not fully connected, and we assume that 0.5gw will be postponed to 2019; the fourth group of runners project is expected to be connected to mid-2020, but encouraged by the quality base incentive policy, we expect 2gw to be connected to the network by the end of 2019; and the third group of technical runners project 1.5gw, with a total of 4gw required for the runner base in 2019.
Table 9: Status of the three-phase project of the country's runners: Project for the alleviation of poverty through photovoltaics. At present, there are three projects for the alleviation of poverty through photovoltaics: 1.50gw in March 2015, 5.16gw in October 2016, and 4.19gw in December 2017. By the end of 2017, 25 provinces of the country had implemented projects for the alleviation of poverty through photovoltaics, with a cumulative scale of 10.11gw.
For example, in April 2018, it was mentioned that the PV station was no longer centralized and could not be scaled up in the name of PV, and in March 2018, it was mentioned that the PV plant could be financed from local resources, not to be indebted, and not to be invested in equity. The PV project was a national initiative.
In order to focus on the areas, it is expected that the size of the installed aircraft will continue to be assured. 2017-12 The Circular on the XIII V First Project Plan for the Alleviation of Poverty through Photovoltaics (PAD) was issued in this instalment, with a total PPP of 4.1862 million kilowatts of household distribution projects. On 2 November, the Colloquium referred to “Acknowledging that households are managed on a separate scale and that business is distributed in a way that gives more support”.
As of 2017, the share of German, U.S., U.S., U.S., and Japan ' s PVM large household distribution projects in their aggregate installed capacity was more than 20 per cent, compared to 2 per cent in our country, where there was a large room for developing the market with a light-voltage, which could be increased more rapidly in the future if the relevant policies were put in place.
We have set up a photovoltile rate-of-return calculation model to measure the internal rate of return on all investments in photovoltaic power plants in different situations, thus reflecting the process. The unit investment in the power stations is now approximately $4.2/w, the price of coal devulcanized poles corresponding to the price of electricity on the Internet is 0.35/kwh, using 1,200 hours, with no disposal limit on electricity, in which case we measure the internal rate of 6.52 per cent of all investments in the power station projects.
And 1400 hours for a sensitive analysis of the impact factors of full-investment internal rates of return and the prices of electricity on the Internet and investment in power stations. It is clear from this analysis that, in the context of the continued growth of all-industry chains in the future, as well as the decline in investment in power plants resulting from the reduction of non-technical costs, and the use of hours, the rate of return on non-subsidized flat-cost Internet access projects is expected to increase gradually, and as the price-free access projects are expected to be removed from national annual construction scale management, the photovoltaics are expected to recover gradually.
We expect to start in the second half of 2019 with a gradual start for the relevant parity projects. Silicon film operations.Silicon silicon operations.Silicon silicon operations.Silicon silicon silicon operations.
The average price of silicon tablets throughout the year 2018 was $3.98 (including taxes). In 2019, we thought that, as global photovoltaic demand will grow in a resilient manner, and competition patterns in the industry will improve, prices will fluctuate steadily at the end of 2018, and we expect the average prices of silicon tablets sold by companies in 2019-2020 to be $3.13 (including taxes) and 2.91 (including taxes), respectively.
With regard to battery film operations, the company ' s current production capacity is highly efficient perc capacity, and in the future it will mainly meet the production needs of its own components, taking into account some of its out-of-office production: in the case of power stations, the company plans to reduce the size of its own power stations in the future and to increase the use of power station epc services; in the case of industry leaders, emphasis will be placed on breaking through the silicon with technical barriers and the component link to the downstream market; in the case of companies, the company has adjusted its strategy in recent years to reduce the input into power stations with heavy assets;
In view of the fact that the company is expected to benefit most as an absolute leader in monocrysilica in the future, it should be expected to have a valuation premium. For the first time, coverage gives the company a “buy-in” rating.
International trade friction risks: corporate silicon and component products are more competitive globally and compete in global markets. In 2012, Europe and the US launched a “double-reverse” survey of our photovoltaic products, leading to a significant decline in the performance of domestic firms.
But historically, there have been large fluctuations in the prices of upper silicon, which have had a greater impact on the performance of downstream firms, and in the future, high fluctuations in the prices of raw materials will have a greater impact on the company’s business. Keeping in mind the cycle and growth, it has driven industry.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, University of Jilin, July 2018, Joining the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, is currently engaged in new energy research. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decisions with this group of clients. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.