Yunnan White (000538), pharmaceutical biology, profits are growing at the rate expected, drug plates are under more short-term pressure, and Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
• Incidents: company operating income of 2019q1 and net profit deductions of approximately $6.97 billion and $750 million respectively, respectively, or about 10 per cent and 8.5 per cent respectively; profit increases are expected and the pharmaceutical plate is under greater short-term pressure. Company operating income of 2019q1 is about 69.7 per cent.
The remaining indicators, such as accounts receivable at the end of the period, amounting to $2.58 billion, an increase of approximately 67 per cent; net operating cash flows, amounting to $290 million, which were generated mainly by the business sector; and advance receipts, amounting to about $250 million, a decrease of about the same amount.
Mixed ownership reforms have landed, schemes have been approved by the CMB, equity incentives, etc. are moving forward, and the fundamentals will continue to recover, still looking at 2019 performance growth. Absorption of the merger has been approved, and a new starting point for new white drugs.
The importance of the business management team will be highlighted when the merger is completed. The company has opened up its own internal reforms, and the staff incentive policy is under way, and is expected to drive the company’s governance and decision-making mechanisms to become more marketable; and 2) strategic direction will be gradually refined to clarify the corporate development competition.
Xinhua, fish leaps, medicines, or industrial resources for companies to try new areas of business such as solarisation, Osteoporosis, non-pharmaceuticals, etc.
Support: 3) The branded pharmaceutical leader, leading the big health layout industry.a The long-term interest in the company's pharmaceutical business, the growth of the industry and the competitive advantage of the white market have made it clear that the market has a higher share of the market in its segmented areas and that it has promoted rapid growth, such as gas and physiology, through thematic marketing activities;b, the Ministry of Chinese Drug Resources, which has a prominent character, with a high profile in the panther seven.
It is evident. It has a number of layout bases, and a new retail model in key markets, led by the White Life Plus Experience Shop, is expected to be a new profit growth point for companies in the future; c, large health businesses are growing steadily and are actively expanding their power platforms to select high-quality channels such as product fairs, Sonings, etc.
The country has the second largest market share, about 18.1%, and new items such as children’s series, ip packaging and so forth; shampoo and skin protection inputs have been stepped up, and there has been some rapid growth since the completion of brand combing. Growth has been stable, the big healthy layout industry has taken the lead, and the motivation of landing teams has been highlighted, with product price increases,
Catalysts such as performance growth, incentives, outreach, etc., maintain a “buy-in” rating. Yunnan White (000538), year-round performance meets expectations, Yunnan White (000538), absorption of merger reorganization plans
Landing, stock buy-back, promotion of employee holdings (2018-11-02) Yunnan white drugs (000538), performance growth stable, followed by
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.