The multi-dimensional layout opens up room for growth and the light pioneers accelerate their flight.
The luminous device is saturated, business is robust and growing, Skyfur communications is the industry's leading provider of an overall solution to the optical device, and the product expansion logic is clear: horizontal expansion of the lightless, sourced device to enrich the product line, vertical integration of resources, construction of a high-speed light engine sealing platform around the main business.
The company, as a one-stop provider of precision devices for optical communications, has been increasing its capacity to supply its products. The annual report for 2020 revealed that the performance of public companies continued to grow, that three-fee controls were good, and that investment in research and development continued to rise.
• At the industry level, below the industrial chain, rising demand for telecommunication and telecommunication markets, the pull-up of the landscape of the optical device industry, communications of the foil, as the industry leader in the breakdown of the telecommunication device, is expected to generate core benefits, mainly from the provision of the unsourced and sourced device encapsulation services.
At the company level, the foil communication horizontally expands the product lines and constantly increases the value of the company’s products in light modules. On the side, the company released a fund-raising plan in October 2020 to compare the Unit’s position with that of Deep 300.
Targeting the vertical high-speed light engine for equity fund-raising has helped companies to take on top domestic and foreign clients for a 5-g and data centre light engine replacement and sealing project, and the company is expected to achieve product synergies and further open up the higher Mäori overseas market, with high performance growth.
• There is a great potential for sealing operations, and the advantage of a platform supplier. Light module manufacturers, driven by cost, are gradually collating the front end of the light module, encapsulating, outsourcing the testing process, and installing the lightware.
Service providers, with one-stop provision of a wide range of high-speed devices, wrapping programmes, have great potential for business growth. Companies expand around their main business, moving from product-based to platform-based manufacturers, enriching the supply of their products, and establishing many subsidiaries in a timely manner to respond to customer needs, with companies having size advantages, cost advantages, human resource advantages and customer advantages, platform-style
The value is 32.09 times higher, and the recommended rating is maintained, taking into account the high profile of the optical instrument industry and the certainty of corporate growth. Research assistant: Fu Ningfeng, high-speed light engine development is not as expected, new coronary outbreaks are repeated, and trade frictions between China and the United States are taking place.
High growth, one-stop lightware platform future period of 2.20210209-Foot communication (300394.sz): Equity Incentives to increase confidence and new products to boost performance
Yearly performance forecast, excellent performance growth, light, headlines of upstream communications, sustained performance growth for 16 years in the 1.1 Deep Farming industry, one-stop solution provider for light devices
On July 20, 2005, the company was established to develop, manufacture and sell lightless devices in the field of optical communications. The company started with the product line of the ceramic tubes of the oxidized potion, and promoted rapid growth in the production of energy and technology in 2015 through endogenous research and development, extension and acquisition of rich product lines.
In 2016, the company invested in a Japanese tm-style company with a high-precision luminous luminous lens model, 20 years of research and development experience in the field of precision optical lenses, marketed important products in the regional data centre, and set up the Shenzhen and Wuhan Branches. In 2018, the company collaborated with the Aidi strategy to acquire its Pearl Sea awg products business and craft equipment.
In 2020, the company acquired the Japanese tff-type company, the Arctic Photovoltaics (Shenzhen) Ltd., to integrate resources and technology and enhance the company’s ability to serve as a one-stop provider of precision devices for photocommunication.
Figure 1: Business development history of a company since its inception The company has 13 major product lines, moving from a product-based to a platform-based enterprise. Moving from a product-based to a platform-based is the process of upgrading a company, and any product has its own life cycle if a company relies on one or another of its products, if
The life cycle of the product is over, and the life cycle of the company is almost over. And platform-type companies are constantly producing new products, and each new product is likely to be more successful, and it is hoped that the original product will be sold, so platform-type companies as a whole can become more market-owned and have the potential to become industry giants.
After 16 years of farming, the high-end non-sourcery area, the high-speed light device covers Oem, continues to generate value for customers. Advanced optical electronic manufacturing services (oms-opticalmanufacturing services) in the corporate positioning light communication area, currently have 13 product lines, which involve source devices, mainly the Osaodm/oem product line; and the non-source light device.
The company will continue to build on the two main lines of operations, namely, "High-end Unsourced Devices as a whole solution" and "High-Range Light Devices as an Oem/odm " , and will continue to develop continuously around the existing main camp operations, gradually moving from product-type to platform-type companies, seeking long-term sustainability.
The company’s early operations were dominated by three traditional lightless device product lines, namely, oxidation ceramics, fibre optic adapters, and optical sender components. The company then expanded to higher-end lightless devices with higher technological content and higher value and continued horizontal expansion.
After forming a more complete supply line for lightless device products, the company introduced to and box encapsulation into the market for light-sourced devices, and by integrating osa into a package for industry to boost sales of the company's light components. By expanding horizontally, the company will aim for a higher-intensity high-speed light engine after growing from a product-type company to a platform-type company.
1.2 The equity structure is concentrated, with two equity incentive schemes in place The real control of the Tsao Juno and the European couple together holds 39.99% shares with a clear equity structure. As of the first quarter of 2021, the company's first shareholder was Tianfuin and Investment Management Co. Ltd., with 39.29% shares, and the company's total shareholdings were owned by the company.
The current chairman of the board, the chief engineer, Zou Jian, and the current director and managing director of the company, Yoo, and Oyang hold 56.54 per cent of the shares of Suzhou Dreamseers, and the two indirectly hold 39.99 per cent of the shares of Tianfu communications, and Chu holds 12.02 per cent of the shares directly. The management industry is experienced.
The company’s senior management has a strong professional background and extensive managerial experience, and the management team is more professional in decision-making on matters such as corporate development strategies, business guidelines, investment plans, etc.
However, in 2019, owing to the delay in the pace of some production lines, the incentive locking target was not achieved. By 2020, benefiting from a high demand drive in the telecommunications sector, company expansion proceeded steadily and in an orderly manner, operating income grew considerably, operating revenue was 873 million yuan in 2020, and incentives were successfully achieved.
Two incentive schemes set firm-to-core interests in depth, stimulating company growth potential. In addition, the second incentive scheme and, for the first time, a wider range of incentives and a higher award price show firm confidence in the future, which will boost the company’s performance.
1.3 Business growth is robust, with good cost controls of 23.0 per cent and robust performance growth. Of this total business income of $338 million in 17 years, an increase of 9.01 per cent over the same period in the previous year; attributable to large amounts, which have not yet yielded sufficient economies of scale; and second, the price of some of the company ' s products has declined in comparison with the competing environmental effects of the telecommunications market.
At the same time, the volatility of the RMB against the United States dollar resulted in higher financial costs. In 2020, the rapid pace of construction of 5g and hundreds of millions of yuan increased by 67.03 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and the net return to the mother increased by 67.55 per cent from the same year to 67.55 per cent. In the first quarter of 2021, the report disclosed that the operating income of the Division was $243 million, an increase of 55.45 per cent, and the net profit to the mother was $70 million, a major gain of 50.83 per cent.
As demand for light modules rises in the digital market, the upstream lightware industry maintains a high profile, company-oriented awg, cable, etc. Product lines are growing faster and faster than year-on-year, and company performance continues to grow by adding to the release of new product lines such as corporate box.
13.34%. The company’s main business consists of an overall solution for high-end non-source devices and a high-speed light device encapsulating oem solutions. The company’s advantage is that it has high accuracy, high reliability, high consistency, etc. The high-speed light device encapsulating oem is based on the company’s technological accumulation of non-source devices and source couplings, and multiproduct lines are vertically integrated to provide multiple wholes to clients.
Solution. The lightless device is the main product of the foil communication, and the newly expanded product awg, fa, etc. has grown in volume. In addition, the high-speed light appliance package, which is driven by the company, will gradually be released, and the company will push to chip wrap product production on the basis of the oaoem/odm, box, and the product line, and win a larger market share in the market before 5g, and will be a source in the future.
The market is characterized by a higher rate of Maori in foreign markets and an increase in corporate overall profitability. In 2020, the domestic Māori rate was 48.49 per cent, in foreign operations it was 60.21 per cent, and overseas clients were demanding high product performance and reliability, and were less sensitive to product prices.
Sales rates and management costs have declined, financial rates have stabilized at lower levels, and cost controls have been increasingly effective. Beginning in 2014, firms have expanded rapidly, R & D inputs have grown rapidly, and more external managers have been introduced to manage costs.
This growth has been faster, with a basic stability of 16.9% by 2016, when expenditure on R & D costs was eliminated from the management cost rate as of 2018, when the company continuously upgraded its internal management capacity, accelerated efficiency in resource integration, and showed a year-on-year downward trend in the actual management costs of the company, which fell to 6.04% in 2020.
The market share of companies in the industry and of corporate products is expected to rise further, and the corresponding sales costs will remain stable at a lower level. The management cost rate is expected to increase slightly in 2021, with a small increase in the acquisition of the Arctic.
In the future, the company will further integrate its subsidiary resources, upgrade its managerial capacity and integrate its M & As, and the overall management costs of the company are expected to return to lower levels. The cost of R & D inputs is rising, optimizing the layout of key products to drive innovation.
Research and development has been upgraded to further enhance the market competitiveness of existing high-end non-source devices and to develop the corresponding components for the next generation of 400g/800g high-speed new products. In 2020, the company raised 786 million yuan in equity funds to specific target groups to invest in high-speed light engine encapsulating oem projects, further enriched the company’s product lines, and helped companies become the home-grown “one-stop” providers.
Since its establishment in 2005, the company has built more than a dozen product lines, with multiple materials, multi-processes, multi-product types of non-sourced devices and multiplatforms of source-based sealing capacity. In 2020, the company invested 77 million yuan in research and development, an increase of 37.5 per cent over the same period. In recent years, the company’s R&D cost has remained at around 9 per cent, and is expected to further improve the competitiveness of its products.
There has also been a slight decline in the number of days of inventory turnover, with the company ' s inventory weeks 2016 growing at a higher rate of revenue growth but maintaining a good overall operational capacity. Figure 10: Low corporate asset liability ratio
1.4 The affiliates are well-positioned, well-tailored, well-structured, five fully-owned subsidiaries of Tienfu communications, a joint venture, and a better product layout. The companies focus on the strategic positioning of the main business of lightless devices and the platform for advanced optical electronic manufacturing services (oms-opticalmanufacturing services, oms).
Acquisitions, consolidations, and the expansion of the company’s technological development path, raw materials supply and distribution channels around the industrial chain.
Tienfu communications is acquired around the main business, rich in industrial layout, well-positioned and complementary by wholly-owned subsidiaries and participating companies: 1) Wuhan Valley Information Light Electronic Innovation Center Ltd. is located as a research and development base. Tianfu communications is a strategic investor in the light technology subsidiary, strategic collaboration in light and technology leading companies that can effectively integrate various national and international advantages.
Source: A breakthrough in the industrialization of priority technologies and products in the field of information light and electronics. Cooperation in production and marketing is promoted through collaborative research and development. 2) Gao Antenna Light Technology Ltd. is positioned as a production base.
Product lines (mainly ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters, optical and transient interface components, cable connectors, etc.) are the main producers. 3) Jiang Si Tinfu Technology Co. Ltd. is located as a production base for new products. Tianfu technology provides the company with the capacity to produce high-end product lines, and the company's main product lines for two fund-raising projects are produced by TSF. This includes, for example, the first fund-raising project, High-speed Light Devices.
The same axle high-speed transceivers and light-segregate product lines in the project “Construction of high-speed engines for 5 g and data centres” and the second project for fund-raising for laser chips integrated into high-speed light engines, silicon chip integrated into high-speed light engines and zero-component product lines for high-speed light engines. (4) Suzhou Ferrey Optics Ltd. owns product lines such as optical lenses.
), optical materials, optical communications parts, optical electronics, high-precision molds and spare parts, optical lenses, development, production, marketing and technical services of hardware machinery parts. 5) Su State Skyfellow Communications Company Ltd. owns product lines such as fibre optic connectors.
Connectors with their parts and components, optical cold processing products, optical transmissions and optical electrons, components, cable-connected components. 6) Arctic Photoelectric Co. Ltd. owns high-end lwdm plating technology, tff microoptic components, dwdm non-sourced devices (odm). Arctic photovoltaic is the largest producer of photofiltration tablets in the country.
Electricity follows the U.S. ii-vi, Canadian iridian, Taiwan eoc, Taiwan apogee, to the top 5 in the world.2 Downstream demand raises the landscape of the lightware industry, companies push vertically and not to the bottom of the 2.1 industry chain, and the lightware market opens up room for growth.
The company is upstream of the lightware industry chain, which is the leader of the lightware industry. The lightware industry chain can be divided into customers such as "light chip, light component, light device, light module and device." The photochips, electrochips and related light components (mainly ceramic tubes, optical hair interfaces, fibre optic adapters, etc.) form the upper edge of the light module industry chain. By assembly, photochips and various light components are combined into source and non-source light.
. The light modules of the various optical packagings are the midstream of the industrial chain, which is usually downstream for light communication equipment providers, telecommunications operators, and data centres and cloud service providers.
The industrial chain is downstream of telecommunications and digital markets, where demand from the two markets pulls the view of the industry. In the area of telecommunications, the purchase module is made by equipment dealers such as Huah, Naking, Fire, Nokia, etc. The equipment vendor purchases the full light module and sells it to downstream telecommunications operators. The digital market purchasers are the cloud giants of Internet companies Google, amazon, Cisco, Aliba, Tonto, etc.
The outbreak of traffic, the rise in demand for light modules in the telecommunications and digital market, as the backbone of the optical device up the chain of the light module industry, Skyfun, one of the growth points in the light module in the telecommunications field is the construction of 5g, and the application of 5g drives the expansion of the market for light modules. The light module is the basic building unit of the 5g-carrying network, which mainly completes the optical/optic conversion function.
Other active technologies, wave-recycling technologies can be divided into unsourced wdm, semi-active wdm and active wdm. Early in deployment of 5g, the forward transmission will be dominated by fibre-optic straight-link and non-sourced wdm programmes. Fibre communications has a non-source solution for awgwdm series of optical devices, a sourceless solution for tffwdm series lightware, and the wave-recycling product is fully used in the 5g pre-light transfer module, in addition to ceramic tubes,
The optic adapter and other product lines, such as the fibre optic adapter, provide components in the pre-light module 5g. Table 5: The pre-light module application scenario for 5g base stations, which by 2020 had more than 7.18 million stations in operation in the country, is expected to remain at a peak of 5g base station construction for the next two years.
As one of the new infrastructure priorities, the 5g network and industry will grow further in 2021, and the Ministry of Information and Communications has indicated that more than 600,000 new base stations are planned for 2021, with a peak of 5g base stations in 2022 and 2023, with the number of new stations expected to reach 800,000 each year, in line with the pace of construction of 4g base stations in previous years.
China’s three major operators are experiencing continued growth in capital spending and capital spending in the 5g area, and the demand for luminous devices has increased. Lightware, as an upper part of the light communications industry, is subject to changes in capital spending associated with telecommunications operators.
The capital expenditures of the three major operators in the area of 5g rose by more than 300 per cent from $93, 24, 79 billion in 2020 to $453, 100, 35 billion in 2020. Four major telecommunications operators will continuously increase their investment in the 5g network in 2021, which is expected to be 1.5 to 2 times that in 2020, increasing market demand for light communication equipment and lightware.
Two of the growth points in the light module in telecommunications are an increase in the penetration rate of 10 gpon, which is expected to explode in 2021. According to vum, the market for the ponolt and pononu endlight modules is projected to increase significantly in 2020 and 2021, with growth rates of 15.2% and 7.1%, respectively, projected for 2020 and combined growth rates of 18.1% and 11%, respectively, in 2021.
In terms of global investment trends in the pon product series, 2.5 gponolt/onu has remained the dominant product in the global pon market over the past three years, but this trend has begun to weaken year after year, with 10 gponolt/onu expected to approach the rapid outbreak window in 2021, figure 16: market size of the ponolt endlight module
According to market research institutions, the number of mega-data centres worldwide was 430 in 2018, an 11 per cent increase from 2017. According to the Cisco Global Cloud Index report, 628 mega-data centres are projected to be available globally by 2021.
Capital spending by three major cloud producers continued to rise, contributing to the construction of data centres. The first three quarters of 2020 combined capital spending at Bat was $164, 239, 24.5 billion, an increase of 17.14 per cent, 97.52 per cent, 38.4 per cent, compared with the previous quarter, and an increase of 2 per cent in the combined capital expenditure of q3 in 2020 and 46 per cent in the combined capital expenditure at q2 in 2020.
The data centre, from the traditional three-storey structure to the two-storey structure of the Leaf Ridge network, has significantly increased the demand for high-end light modules. As data flows within the centre have increased, the traditional three-storey network structure based on longitudinal transmission has become inadequate and the new spinal structure (leaf-spine) has been created. This flat network structure has greatly improved the efficiency of data transmission, while at the same time bringing about more.
The large number of connection requirements means that more high-end light modules are needed between servers and switches, switches and switches. According to the Centre’s structural changes and the growth in the capital expenditure of cloud producers driven by the outbreak of traffic, data centre construction is moving forward, photo modules are expanding markets, with the corresponding benefits for optical planters upstream of the light module.
The market size of the field light module is 26.3 billion yuan, which is projected to grow to 54.5 billion yuan by 2023, with the same-year growth rates of 27.7 per cent, 16.7 per cent, 11.8 per cent, 24.3 per cent and the high rate of growth in the light module market, which will boost the upstream lightware industry.
The 5g construction of the telecommunications market has been suspended, the procurement tender has not resumed in the first quarter of 2021, and the demand for construction recovery is expected to rebound in the following quarter, which is expected to contribute to the growth of performance. The data centre in the digital market is the base of the digital economy, with higher certainty of growth and predictability of the high growth of digital flows, and the demand for the light module is determined by the market construction of the data centre.
Lightning statistics show that the combined annual growth rate of global light module market size in 2010-2016 reached 17% to the left, 2017-2019 to the right, as a result of the price collapse of light module prices, and the global growth rate of light module market was low in the three years.
According to data published by the China Electronics Industry Association, the market for optical devices in China has been expanding to reach $18.2, 20.2 and $2.25 billion between 2016 and 2018, an increase of 12.3%, 11.0%, and 11.4% over the same period.
Figure 20: Continued expansion of the global optical instrument market ($ billion) Figure 21: Sustained expansion of the Chinese optical device market ($$ billion) 2.2 Company ' s overall horizontal and vertical layout with long-term performance growth
2.2.1 Horizontal extension of the product line, the company’s share of the value in the light module The company is based on the market for the sourceless light devices, which expands to the market for the source devices. The upstream light devices can be divided into active, passive, in which lightless devices do not require extra energy-driven work, are the joints of the light transmission system, and the light-source devices are the transmission of the telecommunications in the light communication system.
The key device to replace a light signal or to convert a light signal to a telecom is the heart of the light transmission system. The lightware industry has a much larger source market than the no-source market, with 83.10% of the global lightware market and 16.90% of the market. According to cost composition, the lightware account for 73% of the light module, according to the data published by vum in 2016.
The cost is 48% and 32% respectively of the cost of light devices in Tosa and Rossa. Overall, the share of light modules in the cost of light-based devices is close to 60%.
Figure 23: Source light devices account for the majority of the cost of light devices. Figure 22: Light devices account for the majority of the cost of light modules.
The loading options include high-speed coax encapsulation solutions and high-speed box wrap solutions. The high-speed cox covers are currently the most used for short-range transmissions at 2.5 gbit/s and 10 gbit/s. Their shell is usually a cylindrical, with low cost and simple process; the disadvantage is that they are smaller in size and cannot be built-in refrigeration, which makes their evaporation difficult and difficult to use for high-power output under a large current and therefore difficult to use for long-term use.
Distance transmission. As future light module speeds are upgraded, traditional coax envelopes have limitations in controlling power consumption and evaporation. Box covers are butterfly-shaped and are currently used for multiple-channel parallel envelopes, mainly for various speeds and 80 km long-range transport, and their shell is usually long-formed, with the advantage that they can be built-in chillers, heat-sinking, ceramic blocks, chips, heat-sensitive electrical resistance, backlight monitoring, and they can be supported.
Keyring lines with all of the above components, large shell size and good evaporation; the disadvantage is that the structure and realization function is usually complicated. The company’s high speed and axle containment program has the ability to customise tossa/bosa (odm/oem) with high accuracy automatic calibration and encapsulation, with high process accuracy, high reliability and effective aging tests on the attachment and gold-width-key integration processes.
Awg/tff, in both forms of wrapping, with high accuracy, high reliability stickers and gold wires, can perform optical simulations and analysis, and provide a variety of custom-made stralls components. The wrapping line is widely applied and will effectively drive the sale of the original product and increase the company’s value ratio within the light module.
In the area of telecommunications, the speed of transmission of the 5g pre-light module is mainly in the 25gb/s, 100gb/s, and the 25g module internal optical transceiver package is designed in large part to encapsulate. The company ' s autonomous R & D product, 25gto, was launched at the 21st China IPV Fair in 2019.
25 gtosa, 25 gbidi optical transceivers with high output power, wide operation with high temperature range, high smsr, etc., are widely applied in the 25g pre-transit field. For the 100g pre-transmission device, 50 g encapsulation devices are retransmitted, the falcon has a high-precision box encapsulation oem capability, and the high-speed box has a high-speed box source package, and the company has a series of solutions with high accuracy and precision.
The company's positioning of the to-line is not profitable, but it is generating product synergy as a technological reserve for the osa business. To product lines were prepared in 18 years, established in 19 years, and tested in the first half of 2020, and the process did not yield a profit, but the accumulation of this research and development capability was necessary.
The main role of the wrapping line is to cut into the active lightware market, drive sales of the company’s entire lightware product, and achieve a one-stop service by providing assembly, wrapping, etc. to increase the value of the company’s product within the light module. The company will further promote the high-speed light device sealing business and win a larger share in the high-speed market.
Māori is low, is not a profitable location, and the 5g tender is in a suspended phase in the first quarter of 2021, the company's business is not yet productive, and the demand for the product line is likely to boost sales of the original product lines, such as OSa, after the demand rebounds. Moreover, in the split of higher speed optical devices, the box covers better to meet customers' needs, and the production of the product line is expected to increase further in the future.
The company will make every effort to build a layout high-speed light-enveloping Oem platform for the next generation of 100g/200g/400g-rate upgrading products, step by step to improve 25g high-speed to-package design and automated production, as well as high-speed box cover design and automated production above 50/100/400g, further building of an integrated, non-source solution and osa-encapable replacement platform, 25g achieved by the company in the first half of 2020
To-can light devices, with a million monthly envelope capacity, will be further expanded on a volume-based basis in the future to provide customers with a corresponding package of pre-, medium and re-light modules for a larger market share.
Figure 25: Box encapsulation 2.2.2 Vertically integrated resource-building light engine covers platform for overseas market expansion and product synergy The demand for high-speed light modules in overseas markets has increased and the Māori rate is significantly higher than in the domestic market.
Blocks will be upgraded faster than the intra-ocean market at a rate of 5 g, new high-speed light modules 25/50/100gb/s will gradually be introduced in the forward, intermediate and echo access layers, and 100/200/400gb/s high-speed light models will be introduced in the echoing and core layers. Towards the digital market, the data centre is under pressure to fully upgrade every 3-4 years, and the base light transmission rate will soon be from 100 gbps or even 200 gbps.
The demand for high-speed light modules for telecommunications markets and data centres is increasing year by year, 100 gbps products are entering maturity, and 400 gbps of light will become the engine of growth in overseas markets in the future. Moreover, overseas customers have high demand for product performance and reliability, and are sensitive to product prices.
Low and mostly customized products, resulting in higher unit prices for exported products, with a significantly higher Māori ratio than for domestic sales.
The high-speed light engine is the core component of the high-speed optical module, and the company actively expands the high-speed light engine encapsulation for industrial capacity. The high-speed light engine combines sophisticated microoptic components, precision mechanical components, separators, photowaves, etc., on the basis of high-speed launch chips and receiving chip encapsulations, and achieves a parallel light signal transmission and reception function for one or more ways. The light engine is one of the forms of lightware products.
High-integration lightware type: the optical device is a core component of the upper part of the optical module, which, in conjunction with pcba, the outer shell of the light module, is equipped to form a optical module. In October 2020, the company launched a fund-raising project for the distribution of stocks to specific targets, with high-speed light engines. Specific products include a laser-integrated chip high-speed light engine, a silicon chip high-speed light engine, and a high-speed light engine.
Zero components, targeting 400g, 800g market demand and silicon light market demand, providing product and wrapping services to high-end customers around the world, and improving the company’s integrated competitiveness in the field of light communication. High-speed light engines are widely used and the containment process is more demanding. In the application area, laser chip integration into high-speed light engines should be the main response.
In high-speed photoreceivable modules designed at 100g, 200g, 400g, 800g, and silicon chip integration high-speed light engines are used mainly in high-speed photoreceivable modules designed on the basis of silicon light integration techniques. In terms of containment requirements, laser chips integration.
Requirements: Silicon chip integration into a high-speed light engine requires mini-encapsulation of laser chips... and mixing of laser chips with silicon chip integration and low-damage coupling. In the containment process, the laser chip integration high-speed engine is mainly in the form of a separate device envelope, in the form of a multi-channel or multi-wave parallel laser chip; the silicon chip integration into a high-speed engine is mainly accompanied by a silicon-light chip.
In general, the high-speed light engine is more integrated, so that it needs to be sealed using a more demanding array of arrays in terms of speed, integration, precision, heat evaporation, etc. For this reason, the company intends to acquire a coc sticker to meet the process requirements of the new autoweeding technology, the coc sticker.
Figure 28: Laser chip integration of high-speed light engines, mt products, which will help host top domestic and foreign customers by raising funds to build a high-speed light engine covers.
To upgrade the company’s own scientific research technology, building on existing research and development platforms, it will further enhance the company’s product development and process development in the field of high-speed light engine products and enrich the company’s strategic core research and development capabilities. The company will develop relevant technologies for use in high-speed light engines, including the containment and testing of laser chips, the low-loss coupling of silicon chips, and the microoptic free space coupling technology.
The company will target its leading clients in the domestic and foreign sectors, and will develop jointly, from conceptual development, small batch testing, to the provision of manufacturing upgrading programs, mass production services, and product-life-wide management services. Once the project is completed, the company’s laser chip integration into the high-speed light engine will produce 480,000 annual yields, and the silicon chip integration into the high-speed light engine will produce 480,000 annual yields.
As many as 60,000 and 8.4 million units per year produced from zero components of high-speed light engines, companies will increase their market share and increase their visibility and competitiveness in the field of light communications.
Longitudinal integration of resources to build a luminous engine sealing platform can bring together old and new products. In recent years, companies have increased their research and development investment, and have undertaken mergers and acquisitions around the industry, building up several new product lines, such as osaoodm high-speed light devices, light separators, high-density wires, cable connectors, fibre-optic lens arrays (lensarray), deflectors, fa, awg, box, etc.
Horizontal extension product lines build a one-stop supply platform for optical devices, building further vertical integration on existing products, building vertically a light-inducing and encapsulating line for products that are vertically integrated with existing operations. In high-speed light engines, various types of machinery, wave-guiding devices and specific functional devices are required for production, and most of the products in existing operations can be used for production.
Materials. The high-speed light engine, with zero components, specifically the mt, fa, pm and awg series products, has parallel synergies with past horizontally expanded product lines, and the company has built up processes for more than 10 years on the basis of plastics, metals, ceramics, glass, etc. that can be applied to the manufacture of new products, including raw materials, manufacturing equipment.
The production of high-intensity high-speed light engines requires the use of products on the original product line, and the production and sale of high-speed light engines is equivalent to the sales of raw zero components. Moreover, all products in the original product line and high-speed light engine product line are light-framed, with a downstream client group in the same industry, which can easily open the market further and enhance the company’s position and position in the lightware industry.
Table 7: The high-speed light engine product lines will create synergies with existing products
3.1 The products of the module are fast-evolving, driving the vertical division of labour in the industry. Lightware envelopes are becoming more complex, and there is a wider outlook for the approximation industry. The external environment of the industry is changing significantly: the 5g network requires hypervelocity, ultra-low-time delay, hyperconnection, which imposes higher demands on the bandwidth and capacity of the carrying network; and the global network.
In recent years, the technology of industrial lightware products has developed more rapidly, and the rate of transmission of optical and optical modules has increased to 100g, 200g, 400g.
And 800g, the mode of single-channel mode of the PV module is generally changed to that of integrated multi-channel arrays, and the corresponding photolithography is more complex and varied. Industry pre-light module manufacturers are more likely to use the idm mode of production, i.e., complete photochip assembly, optical device encapsulation, light module mass production, but as telecommunications and digital fields diversify light module products, the speed rate is required
In order to improve, the optical packaging process has become more complex, the associated costs and technical requirements have increased, the R & D costs have risen, and the Idm model will no longer be applicable. The Idm model is gradually being outsourced by the light module manufacturer, leaving professional matters to professional manufacturers, and the trend is becoming increasingly apparent. The Idm model is being used by the industry’s pre-light module manufacturers.
Cost-driven shift to vertical division of labour, and the containment testing process will shift upstream, with large prospects for enterprises with such capacity. Figure 30: The shift of light module manufacturers from idm to vertical division of labour. High technical barriers to the containment of light devices.
For high-speed light modules with 40g and above, the laser speed limit (mostly 25g) is achieved mainly in parallel with multiple channels, such as 40g from 4*10g, and 100g from 100g.
4*25g is achieved. The high-speed light module covers the parallel optical design, high-speed electromagnetic interference, volume reduction, and heat evaporation under increased power. The process of luminous packaging is becoming more difficult, involving both the technology of passive devices and the technology of source devices, with a high threshold for bulk replacements, and the capacity of high-quality luminous devices in the current market is scarce.
The upgrading of industrial chains in the field of light communications, with the full potential of one-stop optic platform-type companies offering multiple high-speed devices, multiple wrapping programmes, has a huge potential for business growth, with a 37.9 per cent increase over the same period. On the one hand, companies have focused on increasing the development of high-speed light engines and accompanying products, participating in 400g, 400 g,
The R & D of 800g products helps clients accelerate the R & D process for high-speed products, while companies take advantage of the R & D capabilities and advantages of multi-material, multi-process, multi-technology sealed platforms that have accumulated over the years and gradually move towards high technology thresholds, high value added, high-integration product vertical extension to provide holistic solutions for downstream light module clients; on the other hand, companies continue to increase the introduction of R & D professionals.
The number of research and development personnel in companies has also increased, from 176 in 2017 to 394 in 2020. Under this system, companies have followed the trends and market demands of the light and communications industry, and have continued to develop and innovate through the establishment of enterprise technology centres and engineering technology centres identified by Jiangsu Province.
By 30 June 2020, companies and holding companies had 138 new inventions and practical patents, leading in the same industry, and firm technological foundations and stronger R & D capabilities provided a solid basis and guarantee for the development of new products.
3.2 One-stop provision of lightware services, where the platform ' s tap value shows a continuous expansion of 3.2.1 capacity, where companies have an advantage in size, to push forward the PV component construction project, and to expand capacity. In 2016, the company decided, against the backdrop of increased competition in the market.
The expansion of product lines has increased the competitiveness of companies, which have developed a series of high-end non-source devices, such as osa high-speed optical devices, optical and transient components with sequesters, and barrel, which have boosted the company’s capacity in the field of non-sourced light devices. After enriching the product lines, the company has expanded to a market for source-based devices and increased production in the field.
The build-up project for a high-speed power engine, through the 400g/800g/silicon light programme, further upgrades the company ' s position as a high-end optical solutionr, while increasing its capacity to produce on a large scale. As a result of this range of expansion, the company ' s capacity increased significantly, with 33,252.13 million units produced in 2020, representing an increase of 54.562 million, or 19.63 per cent, over the same period in the previous year.
The size of China’s lightware market is expected to grow at a high rate, benefiting from the drive of 5g network demand, data centre network construction, etc. The 2019 light communications market study published by the CSRC (c&c) shows that China’s lightware manufacturer market was about $3.6 billion in 2019, and Chinese firms were around $3.6 billion in 2019.
In 2019, the share of Sky Mobil communications in China’s optical software manufacturer’s market size was 2.08%, with initial scale effects as a basis for cost reduction. Companies have been pushing new product lines to capture market segments in recent years, and the introduction of new products can drive the sale of the original product line, and the market share is expected to rise further.
The money gained to expand production capacity is expected to yield an advantage of scale. The advantage of size can effectively raise the company’s Māori ratio: (1) large-scale purchases have a stronger bargaining power for suppliers, better absorbable costs when product prices fall; (2) size advantages share fixed costs and thus enjoy a higher margin profit: (3) scale advantages can build up a wealth of production-line and process experience, and thus achieve higher levels of efficiency.
The company will be better able to withstand the impact of rapid product rotations and rapidly falling prices by increasing its market presence in the lightware market and expanding its capacity to take advantage of its size. 3.2.2 Multi-dwelling industries have cost advantages and human resources
The company's network industry is structured to take full advantage of its geographical costs and human resources. The company has formed a production base in Jiangxi and a research and development base in Suzhou. The Arctic photovoltaic business will be converted to Jiangxi, and Māori rates are expected to increase significantly. Arctic photovoltaics have industry-led technology in such operations as plating, and have some market access, but in the past, net profits from the Arctic have increased.
At the same time, Māori rates and net interest rates have remained low, in part because of the high cost of products due to the high per capita wage in Shenzhen, which is based in Shenzhen City, and because of the more frequent movement of people, which is difficult to manage on a continuous basis, and the stability of company production, which is difficult to guarantee. With the acquisition of Arctic light power, Skyfu communications is planned to transfer the Arctic photovoltaic business to the production of Jiangxi Gauan.
Base, where the full demographic dividend will be realized, the production costs of operations such as plating will be significantly reduced, and the company's Māori ratio will increase further. 3.2.3 One-stop service will increase customer stickyness, the company will have a customer advantage, the company will work closely with industry leaders, and the company will have high-quality customer resources.
The idea is to position the product at the middle and high end of the market, and the high quality and high value of the product is widely recognized by high-end clients in the industry. Corporate resources are stable. The main clients include such well-known domestic firms as photovoltaic technology, Chinese industry, fire communications, Suzhou Xinjiang, communications, and international top customers as te, finisar, oclaro, and so forth.
The share of total annual sales, 41.57%, has been more than 36% in recent years, and the first customer ' s share of total annual sales has been one-stop supply of lightware products and services, and the customer is more sticky. Companies have expanded their product classes in the field of optical communications, relying on strong R & D and integration capabilities to complement key technologies and products, enriching not only the sourceless product lines, but also the company ' s mobility from sourceless sources.
The future of the company will not only be limited to the manufacture of some unsourced light devices, but will also be better equipped with a platform capacity to replicate new product development capabilities in line with the needs of the downstream light module clients and to supply light on a one-stop basis.
Software products and services that meet customers’ needs at one time and effectively ensure consistency in product performance have greatly enhanced the ability of customers to create a global network of network sales, with their resources constantly breaking down. Companies have established marketing networks in Wuhan, Shenzhen, Hong Kong, the United States, Singapore, etc., to provide direct services to local customers, to respond to customers’ needs in a timely manner, and to optimize their services to local customers.
In addition, the company’s products are dominated by the demand for customization, higher technical barriers, and a stronger bargaining power for the product. In a global marketing and business model for customized products, the company’s customer resources are constantly breaking down.
With regard to the lightless device plate, we believe that the demand for three traditional lightless devices, namely, light-to-manufacture interface components, ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters, is stable and is projected to increase by around 30% in the future. The new new lightless device product lines, such as awg, plating, have been added in recent years. The annual high-speed light engine project is scheduled to be launched and is expected to continue to pull the source-to-light device. Camps for 2021-2023 are projected for lightless devices.
(b) With regard to the Māori rate of lightless devices, the company produces lightless devices with high maturity in the industry, the price of lightless devices is stable every year.
By comparison with peg levels in 2023, pegs declined more than in creative technology and too much light. Compared to companies in the industry, the future value margin for sbilling is much more marginal.
Taking into account uncertainties such as increased global trade friction, exchange rate fluctuations, and the spread of the new crown epidemic, the global economy faces downside risks, which, if demand from the industry falls short of expectations, will adversely affect the company’s operations and performance. Technology research and development is not as fast as expected.
Companies are facing the challenge of rapidly upgrading new technologies for new products, short development cycles, and higher standards. Companies will continuously increase their human and financial investment in research and development, consolidating their core competitiveness. Companies will have to master market trends in products, actively develop and upgrade production and management to meet customer demand.
The company’s market position and profitability will be affected if new processes and product functions are not certified by its customers. Market competition risks.
The advantage of power and services, without the timely enhancement of design R & D capabilities, productive capacity and market opening capabilities, is that the growth of corporate performance will be likely to be supported by Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
Fu Jin Fei, Chief of Communications, Master of Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, 12 years of Deep Farmer Communications, formerly employed as China Tech Ltd., Wireless Communications Engineer, Wireless Solutions Marketing Manager, Senior Uranium Production Manager, 2020 Allied People’s Security. The author has either a qualification in securities investment consultancy or a considerable professional competence, and the data used in the report is derived from the compliance channel.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,