Mid-Sea Control (60199.sh)-2022 Reported high-performance, 23 years or so, transport and shipping ports.
In 2022, sea-control performance was bright and low before a single quarter. In 2022, companies achieved revenues of 391.06 billion yuan, an increase of 17.2 per cent in the same year, and in 2022, a net return of 10.959 billion yuan, the best increase in the same year. Of this, a decline of 2204 was more pronounced, with only 74.5 billion yuan in operating income, a decline in the same year.
The top-level returns to shareholders are 50% of the year. At the end of the year, the proposed distribution of dividends to all shareholders amounted to $54,722 million per share, representing about 50% of the net return to the mother, touching on shareholders in the next three years of the Middle and Far Sea, the demand affected by the conflict in the Russian Federation, high stocks in Europe and the United States, supply chain disruptions, etc., all right.
There was a more marked decline in industry prices, with 2h22 Shanghai export container prices (scfi)/China export container prices (ccfi) having dropped by 46.7 per cent/29.0 per cent, or 46.6 per cent/25.3 per cent, compared to the previous year. By the end of the first quarter of 23 years, industry prices had largely returned to pre-epidemiological levels.
After the stagnating rhetoric, the US market ratio has been gradually repaired, future import demand has become more intense, and the industry has gradually moved into a strong season, with the marginal demand improving to be expected. Supply-side challenges are greater, but stoppage, dismantling, and environmental conventions or hedges, short-term prices, or going forward.
Mid-Sea Control (601919.sh) - The JCAG has increased the quality of profits and actively promoted the Hong Kong Air Navigation Association. Some 2.32 million teus are still in delivery during the year, but given that the current climate in the industry is noticeably weak, the rate of suspension as of 1 March has reached 3.1 per cent, and we believe that the final delivery may have been delayed,
Also, the implementation of eexi will force the shipowner to arrange for the current power near docks to limit the power of the engine, which will also have an impact on the efficiency of the operation.
The superiorness of the debt table has led to a marked increase in profitability and positive dividends for shareholders, with long-term values expected to be repaired to maintain an “uptake” rating. Sea control performance was bright in 2022, and low before a single quarter.
391.06 billion yuan, an increase of 17.2 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $10.959 billion, an increase of 22.7 per cent over the same period; and deductive figure 1: operating income and growth in the Middle and Far Seas control, figure 2: operating income and increase in the single season of the Middle and Far Seas control, figure 2.
Figure 3: Medium- and Far-Sea Control of Mother ' s Net Profit and Growth Figure 4: Medium- and Far-Sea Control Medicines ' Single Season of Mother ' s Net Profit and Increase) Top-Red Return Shareholders, 50% of the year ' s share.
A dividend of $1.39 (including taxes), combined with a sum of approximately $22,372 million in gold, together with the company's 22-year-long special unit, affected by demand from the conflict in the Russian Federation, high stock holdings in Europe and the United States, supply chain disruptions, etc., and a more visible decline in industry prices, and the price of containers exported from Shanghai, 2h22 (scfi)/the price of containers exported from China
(ccfi) Average ring has fallen by 46.7 per cent/29.0 per cent, compared with 46.6 per cent.25.3 per cent in the same year. By the end of the first quarter of 23 years, industry prices had largely returned to pre-epidemiological levels. After nearly six months of stagnation in imports, the United States Treasury ratio has been gradually repaired, future import demand or more intensive, and the supersector has gradually moved into a booming season on the demand side.
The supply side is challenging, but the suspension, dismantling and environmental conventions or the formation of hedges, short-term prices or entry into the new fleet still have about 2.32 million teus to deliver, but given that the current climate in the industry is noticeably weak, the stoppage rate as at 1 March has reached 3.1 per cent, and we believe that the final delivery may have been delayed or deactivated.
In addition, the implementation of eexi will force shipowners to arrange for existing power near-hulls to limit the power of the main engine, which will also have an impact on effective capacity.
Figure 8: US Shipping Price Index, Figure 9: US Retail Stock Ratio (excluding automobiles), Figure 10: China ' s export growth rate has begun to improve
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.