Wang's net profit of 2101 increased by 37 per cent on a year-on-year basis, providing a good basis for a year-on-year net profit growth.
Queen Jing's product sales have recovered and q1 cash flows have performed well: the company's q1 battalion has grown rapidly, with 20q1 having a lower base period of exposure (21q1 yy-6% net profit yoy-15.9%), while the company's pharmaceutical sales and Wang Jing's tea sales are on the move with the Chinese epidemic under control.
In addition to the fact that spring 2021 is later than spring 2020, Wang Jichun is more concentrated in January 2021, resulting in a modest increase in the Māori rate, lower costs and higher net interest rate: the company ' s combined Māori 01 is 22.5 per cent.
The increase of 0.5 percentage points over the same period is estimated to be mainly due to the increase in the size of the collection of Wang Jie's cold tea products and medicines. The combination of the two factors boosted the net interest rate of the company by 1.1 percentage points to 8.1 per cent, the highest single season in nearly two years.
q1 performance has laid a good foundation for year-round growth, looking forward to a continued recovery in the sale of cold tea and medicines: as sales return to normal after the outbreak is under control, there has been a significant recovery in the sale of cold tea and medicines, with a net profit of 21q1 compared to the share of institutional investors in the circulation of a share
The 19q1 pre-epidemiological growth was about 16%, and the net profit was about half as large as in 2019, taking into account seasonal factors in the sale of cold tea, and q1’s performance provided a good basis for growth in performance throughout the year. We expect that Wang Qi’s cold tea will also have a better watch for the next summer and mid-autumn festival.
Now, the medical plate is expected to grow faster as more than 10 mega-species projects and disease-control-related products are developed.a shares are 12 times 10 times greater for pe, and h shares are 7 times 5 times more for pe.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified for audit.