Big banks, high growth rates, stable asset quality, and, according to the performance report, the growth rate of big banks has increased even further, benefiting from a shift in pressure from the end of the debt.
Well, the estimated net difference is still small in four quarters. Overall asset quality is stable, and countercyclical management helps to provide for higher levels of risk prevention. We maintain a higher rate of growth and countercyclical adjustment in Gwang banks in 2019-2020.
20.03 per cent, with a further 1.76 percentage points increase over the previous three quarters (18.3 per cent, yoy) and an excellent business capacity. By the end of the fourth quarter, the size of large bank assets had increased separately from the ring.
The growth of both broad and non-interest income has continued with good performance. At the same time as the growth in revenue performance has been marked, the company ' s net profit in 2018 increased by 6.70 per cent in the same year, decreased 2.45 percentage points in the third quarter of the same year, and we've ruled that the firm, in the context of the downward pressure on the economy, is actively looking to reverse the course of business.
The overall asset quality is stable and the criteria for poor recognition are stringent. Four-quarter non-performing loan rates for big banks are stable compared to the previous row of 1 bp to 1.59%. The overall asset quality is stable.
The ratio of loans/non-performing loans that are more than 90 days overdue is 89.8 per cent, and poor ratings are more stringent, and the risk prevention capacity is further enhanced by the introduction of year-end provisions. The decline in asset quality is higher than expected, and financial regulation is higher than expected.
Gwang Da Group, Inc., using the market price charged on 21 January 2019 as the standard
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business, sensitisation, lucidity.
Matters: Big Bank published the 2018 annual report fast performance report, with net profit in 2018 equal to +6.70 per cent and operating income equal to +20.03 per cent; total capital output of 4.36 trillion yuan (+6.59 per cent, yoy/+0.05 per cent, qoq); non-performing loan rate of 1.59 per cent (+1bps, yoy); annual growth rate of roe 11.55 per cent; countercyclical adjustment intensified
By the end of the fourth quarter, the size of the Big Light bank assets had increased by 6.59/0.05 per cent and the size of the fourth quarter had remained stable overall, so we predicted that the increase in the growth rate of the company’s revenues was due mainly to the fact that the company was running at lower interest rates in the fourth quarter.
A step-by-step growth in both large and non-interest income has been sustained. At the same time, the firm’s net profit in 2018 increased by 6.70 per cent on a year-on-year basis, down by 2.45 percentage points on a three-quarter basis.
At the end of the second quarter of 18 years, the ratio of loans/deprived loans that banks were more than 90 days overdue was 89.8 per cent, which was considered to be more stringent, combined with the provision of year-end advances.
In the light of the performance reports, the growth rate of large banks has further increased, benefiting from improved end-of-debt pressure, and the estimated net difference has remained small in four quarters. The quality of assets has generally stabilized, and countercyclical management has helped to provide for higher levels of risk preparedness.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as profitability, thereby affecting the performance of the banking sector in terms of asset quality. If the economy goes below expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the banking sector will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Economic uncertainty requires close attention to the dynamics of the economy as a result of the follow-up process.2 Trade frictions between China and the United States have further escalated. The trade negotiations in China and the United States have been volatile, if further trade friction increases will create greater downward pressure on the economy and affect the quality of banking assets.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)