Big banks, good profits until collection and provision, asset quality to be observed, profit growth in big banks in 2018 is as good as expected, collection performance, but asset quality is marginal.
Weaknesses, especially poor retail growth, have accelerated, and follow-up performance remains to be seen. After the company’s new chairman of the board, retail transformation has accelerated, with credit card-based niches growing rapidly, expecting competitive advantages to move to retail liabilities.
The increase in profits before collection and provision was sustained, and the increase in the provision to the net profit recovery rate was increased by 6.7 per cent in 18 years, compared with 2.4 percentage points in the previous three quarters. At the end of the revenue line, the increase was 20 per cent in 18 years.
The revenue from fees grew rapidly with credit card-related income, and the bank card income grew by 41 per cent a year, bringing about a 20 per cent increase in revenue from fees throughout the year.
Big banks have a year-long net interest gap of 1.74%, an increase of 22bp on the same year, and we've increased the company's single-season interest margin ratio by 4bp to 1.64% by the end of the period. We believe that the 18-year interest differential has improved considerably because of two factors: 1) asset-end structure optimization: Big Banks' total year-round capital.
The ratio increased by 6.6 per cent, with loans increasing by 19 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a marked shift in the structure towards loans, while two thirds of the additional credit went to retail, especially credit cards and consumer loans, at lower interest rates, respectively, and the cost of corporate liabilities fell by 20 bp to 3.57 per cent from the end of June, to cover bond costs.
Undesirable ring recovery, concern about the quality of retail assets, calculates the company's negative production rate of 1.72 per cent for the single quarter of the fourth quarter, increases the ring ratio by 64bps, and average daily turnover of three months at the end of the fourth quarter (million yuan)
By way of sub-structure, the increase in the balance of retail non-performing loans by 2.48 on a year-on-year basis is a matter of concern. By the end of the fourth quarter of 18 years, big banks were more than 90 days overdue in lending/non-performing loans.
With regard to the provision, the provision coverage of large banks has been raised by 3.51 per cent to 176 per cent, and there is still room for further upgrading of risk prevention capabilities. Considering that 19 years of interest differentials in the company are constrained by overall asset end pricing and provision,
The main risks to the rating of Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. were: the decline in asset quality was higher than expected, and financial regulation was higher than expected.
The profit increases before the harvest and the provision, and the increase in the provision to the rate of the net profit recovery.
Large banks increased their net profits by 6.7 per cent over the 18-year period, down 2.4 percentage points over the previous three-month period, mainly as a result of the increase in the provision, which increased by 74 per cent over the year-on-year period, resulting in a reduced rate of net profit gains. At the income end of the year, the 18-year increase remained high, reaching 20 per cent over the year, mainly due to: 1) a sharp increase in net interest income driven by 22bp over the 17-year increase compared with the 19-year benchmark.
In exchange, some of the net interest income is reflected in the return on investment; 2) fee income has grown rapidly with credit card-related income, with a 41 per cent annual increase in silver card income, resulting in a 20 per cent increase in fee income throughout the year, constrained by the new regulations on the management of the portfolio.
Big bank net interest spreads of 1.74% over the year, up by 22bp on the same year, and by the end-of-period balance measurement of 4bp to 1.64% of the company ' s single-season net interest gap by the end of the period, and up by the same season throughout the year. We believe that the reason for the significant improvement in the company ' s 18-year interest gap is in two ways: 1) asset-end structure optimization: Big Bank ' s total assets increased by 6.6% over the year, with loans increasing by 19% over the same year, and the structure clearly went to loans.
Inclined, two thirds of the additional credit went to retail, especially credit cards and consumer loans, at 33 per cent and 247 per cent, respectively, to boost the annual rate of return on loans by 25 bp. 2) The lower interest rate on beneficiary funds at the end of the year was 20 bp to 3.57 per cent lower than at the end of June and 22 bp lower than at the end of the six-month period. However, it is a matter of concern that the cost of corporate deposits increased at the end of the year than at the end of the six-month period.
From 5bp to 2.15%, it can be seen that the growth of 13% of the company's deposits throughout the year is largely dependent on high interest-rate liabilities, with current deposits increasing by only 0.8% over the year, dragging down, undesired generation ring recovery, concern about the quality of retail assets.
A single-season negative production rate of 1.72%, an increase of 64bp over the 3rd quarter, and an increase in asset quality pressure from 6bp to 2.41% in the end of the 4th quarter in larger banks. The split structure shows an increase in the balance of retail non-performing loans by 2.48 percentage points over the same period, due to the rapid growth of credit cards and consumer-type loans, which is expected to be followed by a higher rate of growth.
By the end of the fourth quarter of 18 years, the ratio of loans/deprived loans to large banks that were more than 90 days overdue was 84%, further downgraded from 2018h (89.8%), with a more stringent rating. On the provision side, large banks increased their supply coverage by 351 percentage points compared to the projected profit growth in 2018, with excellent harvests, but poor asset quality, especially retail growth, was weak.
After the company’s new chairman, retail transformation has accelerated, with credit card-based special-coloured businesses growing rapidly, expecting competitive advantages to move to the retail end of the debt. Given that the company’s 19-year interest spreads have been repaired by assets at the end of the estate, the downside of the economy has led to an over-expected deterioration in asset quality.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy goes ahead with expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the asset quality of the banking sector, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
2. Trade friction between China and the United States has further escalated. The volatility of trade friction between China and the United States has further increased the pre-economies of investors to the domestic economy.