Business and industry maintained a positive growth momentum, and research and development invested in the transformation of China’s medicine (000963.sz) and Chinese medicine (000963.sz) reported in mid-19.
The company publishes its semi-annual report. 19h1 company realized operating income of $18,249 million, an increase of 19.08 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit of $1,596 million, an increase of 23.42 per cent over the same period; realized losses and losses on the disposal of current assets; and recovered R & D costs increased at a rate of non-performance during the first half of the year.
(i) Business and industry maintained a positive growth momentum, with costs affecting profits.
The pharmaceutical business realized sales revenue of $12,287 million, an increase of 12.69 per cent over the same period; the flat hair interest rate of 8.08 per cent (+0.58 pp). The new business model for the transfer of lost business in the early stages of the digestion of the “two votes” system took full advantage of existing channels, sizes and brand advantages, and changed to traditional commerce.
In the case of alternative services, a variety of specialized services are extended to the production and marketing endpoints, building core and niche industries such as Western medicine, Chinese medicine, appliances, and healthy beauty services, and working to become new business enterprises that can provide “medicated solutions”.
We believe that future corporate gross commercial interest rates will show an upward trend, with the pharmaceutical industry achieving sales revenue of $5,696 million, an increase of 28.85 per cent over the same period; and the Māori plate, an increase of 28.85 per cent over the same period.
China East Medicine (000963.sz) reports a quarterly review of industry maintaining a high rate of growth and a significant recovery in commercial growth billion yuan (+29.29 per cent) and a net profit of 1.313 billion yuan (+24 per cent), with net interest rates equal to those of the previous year.
Chinadong Medicines (000963.sz) 2018: The scale and pace of income growth of the company ' s core products are as follows: 1.100% benefiting from positive grass-roots outreach, 3-quarterly Chinese Medicines (000963), tracking: Industrial Security
It is estimated that the overall growth rate is more than 15%, higher than last year; 2. Acapo sugar benefits from rapid growth in consistency assessment, and business still needs to remain silent. Moreover, international medical and American business has achieved sales revenue of RMB 265 million.
Business income increased by more than 40 per cent in the first half of the year compared to the same period last year and was not profitable in the first half of the year.
The management cost rate was 2.89 per cent (year-on-year +0.73 pp), as a result, on the one hand, of the company ' s introduction of talent, increased remuneration and, on the other hand, of Sinclair ' s merger during the reporting period; and, on the other hand, of 0.37 per cent (+0.24 pp), due mainly to the boom in business, the increase in interest-bearing liabilities and reduced interest on deposits due to the need for funding.
The cost of R & D rose from 1.72 per cent to 2.57 per cent in the same period last year, and the share of R & D in industrial income reached 8.57 per cent, which has increased considerably. So we think that the growth in performance in the second half of the year will return to normal.
In essence, the pharmaceutical business requires large amounts of money and a return to the company ' s pharmaceutical business, and corporate industrial cash flows are positive; (ii) R & D is being transformed and R & D pipelines are progressing well.
Under the bed and the Be experiment, the company will continue to grow, with the company expected to increase R & D costs by 2019 by more than 30% over 2018, and we estimate R & D costs in 19 at a minimum of 918 million yuan in absolute terms, and R & D costs at more than 9%. We believe that under the current national drug policy, R & D inputs by companies are indispensable for future development.
We believe that companies’ follow-up R & D pipelines are strong, and that R & D inputs are strong enough to support the firm’s long-term rapid development. Corporate R & D efforts during the reporting period focused on three areas: active implementation of autonomous R & D + collaborative commissioning + external.
The M&A and product authorization for the introduction of new drug research and development models (license-in), the tracking of the latest international drug action mechanisms and targets and progress in clinical applied research, the acceleration of the introduction of innovative drug layouts, me-better and foreign innovative drug projects, and the completion of initial assessments, identification and introduction of several potential innovations during the reporting period; and the focus on clinical excellence and niches
Clusters, accelerating the development and development of high-end generics and new and improved medicines (505b(2)) to innovate and internationalize formulation products; and third, maintaining differentiated strategies of quality and cost leadership, combining technical tools to continuously improve the process and quality of raw materials and preparations, reducing costs, actively pursuing multi-agent development of online products and enhancing market competitiveness.
A comparison of the progress of the company's R & D pipeline with the end of 18 years shows that the company's pipeline is strong and fast and comprehensive: 1. Lila Rupe: a national multi-centre iii clinical trial has now been fully launched for submission of listing applications in the first half of next year; 2.
The results of the first phase are expected to be communicated with cde, with a view to reporting the results directly and in advance. 3. Chemical imitation: Capofin, Sigletin 2-carb, Co-Omera capsules, Anatrioxazole are expected to obtain production approvals by the end of 2019 or the first half of 2020.
The complex has completed the Be trial and is in the process of preparing information on the forthcoming production of the Micafine net and frozen dry powder needles, which are still in the process of producing the refinancing studies: the Line ammonium tablets, the Kaglé tablets, the Kaglé net double amitraz tablets, the Ngeglé tablets, the Maschtentan tablets, etc., are expected to be produced by the end of 2019 or the first half of 2020.
The State East Medicine Group New Pharmacy Institute is targeted for the company, with ownership vested in the Hangzhou East Medicine Group New Pharmacy Institute, but the successful development will, as agreed, be transferred exclusively to the company or its subsidiaries (iii) the company's products and will benefit significantly from the health insurance catalogue adjustment in the study of the variety.
The company's existing and research varieties have benefited significantly from this health-care catalogue adjustment: 1. Iglétone dimethyl medium has been included in the health-care routine list and is expected to be released quickly in the future. Previously, Iglétone dimethyl medium dimazine was added to the updated directory of the country's 12 provinces and cities (Shanghai, Henan, Hebei, Hunan, Hubei, etc.) but did not include Guangdong, Guangdong, etc.
It is expected to generate over 350 million yuan in 19 years, which will hit over 500 million in the next year. 2. In the study of the varieties, Siegretin 2xi, Siegretin 2xii, Ligretin 2xi, Ligretin 2xi, Ligretin 2xi, Ligretin 2xi, Ligretine 2xi
The new catalogues for health care, such as Redding 2-Ass and Deguin, and the competition patterns of these varieties are good, and if they succeed, they will be expected to be released quickly. 3. In the study of the varieties, such as Lila Rupe, which were negotiated during the period of the agreement, only under the rules adjusted for this routine catalogue of health care coverage.
For imitation drugs to be marketed, they can be added directly to the regular catalogue at the time of the next adjustment, enjoying non-negotiated amounts. 4. The rules for the adjustment of the regular catalogue of health insurance present a high level of friendship for slow-disease varieties, particularly slow-disease complex formulations, which are transferred directly to the regular catalogue by large quantities of slow-disease combinations, if the idea of such adjustment is to continue in the future to the company’s future product.
The company is one of the national champions of imitation, and we see the company as an innovation and the first and most innovative drug company. We see the company’s specialized cluster strategy and the ability to sink at the grass-roots level.
Uncertainty in pharmaceutical industry policies, such as medical reform; risk of price reduction for medicines; risk of failure or lack of progress in drug research and development.