Sea conch cement (600585).
The net profit of the owners of conch cement, mainly in cement, clinker and bone materials, was $15,661 million, a decrease of 52.92 per cent from the previous year, excluding the net profit from the production and sale of materials, and its cement clinker production was in place.
The second factor for domestic firms is the fall in profit levels in China and the world cement industry to a historical low of more than 10 years, and the low-cost advantage market share has begun to rise.
In 2022, there was a sharp drop in demand in the cement industry, with the national production of cement falling by 10.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, for the first time in 50 years, with a double-digit decline in the sale of conch cement of 283 million tons of self-produced cement, a decline in the same year only in debt payments and cross-stock holdings:
6.91%. Some enterprises in the industry are in a loss, some cement firms are stagnating or even selling in connection with a strategy that benefits the company’s market share, which is still profitable after the company’s low-cost advantage is guaranteed a price reduction, and the enabling market share enhancement strategy is in place. As the industry environment continues to be depressed, it helps the company market.
The company continues to promote the development of water routes 529,930,399,970 offshore routes, reducing transport costs and increasing market control.
The cost of raw materials is $12,858 million for mining rights in 2022. Speed up the construction of digital and smart factories, further increase cost advantages, dig deep into the company's mounds, and continue saving to enhance core competitiveness.
Low-cost moats raise companies’ valuation levels and performance elasticity. As real estate policies work, the drag on the demand for cement is emerging. Real estate was reduced in 2023 from sales, new construction, construction, and completion, and the long-term health development of the real estate sector is achievable.
And low-cost advantages help companies continue to increase their share of the market, and the continuing downswing initiative improves the quality of their production and improves their valuation levels. At the same time, when cement demand improves, it leads to greater elasticity in the company’s performance.
Continued efficiency gains under cost advantages, improvements in valuations brought about by improved asset quality, and greater market-share flexibility in performance, maintaining corporate “very recommended” investment ratings.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports conch cement (600585).
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, conch cement (600585).
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities reported conch cement (600585);
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.