The profits have continued to rise, the top of the list of coverage, and the profits have continued to rise, with q1 at the top of the list. \triangleright \triangleright, 2023q1 Hang County bank revenues have increased by the same year.
Wang Qing’s performance has increased steadily, largely as a result of the provision of anti-breeding and the expansion of scale. q1 profits have increased faster, mainly because of the increase in the provision contribution and the reduction of interest differentials, alleviating the positive and negative impact of the transfer of the median and income tax contributions.
In 2022, Hangzhou Bank recorded a net difference of 1.69%, compared to 14bp, but \triangleright
At a flat rate in the first half of the year, it is higher than the overall market differential of 1.67%. According to our calculations, the share of net production in the 2023q1 season is higher than the previous year ' s end +83bp, in which loans are in favour of public loans, the proportion of public loans to total loans, the asset quality advantage, and the provision of coverage is at the top of the list. Companies increase the recognition of non-performing loans, 2023q1.
\triangleright has a significant lead and the pressure on hidden non-performing loans is further reduced; the coverage ring +3.58 pct to 568.68 per cent continues to be the top of the list, with a greater resilience to risk and ample anti-bulk profit space.
Companies enjoy a regional economic development dividend, and their size continues to expand faster. \triangleright Profit forecast: the Hangzhou Bank regional layout has a clear advantage, laying the groundwork for faster expansion and robust asset quality.
The company's vision for future high-quality development is good, with its performance remaining high-growth. The company's strategy of “two, two, five” is to move forward in an orderly manner with business transformation and structuring. We expect the company to increase its net profit by the same year in 2023-2025.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Figure 1: Rate of increase in revenue and performance on a year-on-year basis Figure 2: Cumulative rate of increase in performance on a year-on-year basis
Figure 7: Provision for coverage vs. Industry Figure 8: Scale-up and rate of increase
Manager, formerly employed in the Sino-Kinjia Portfolio, and the Chinese-Kindo Securities Research and Development Centre, November 2019. Liao Yiang, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, selected for the College of Honors, Financial Science Tests.
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out banking research. Part of this is unsettled, unsymmetric, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.