Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) has built up capital to sustain growth.
Bank City comptoir ii Chen Jun-Liang Tian Wei Wei
Corporate bulletin: Hangzhou Bank issues a plan for issuing shares to a specific target, and the company currently issues no more than 900 million shares to a specific target, with the total amount of funds expected to be collected not to exceed 12.5 billion yuan yuan. With the approval of the relevant regulatory authority, the fund-raising campaign will be fully used to supplement the company’s core level of capital, after deducting the cost of distribution.
Overall view: We believe that Hangzhou Bank will increase its capital and enhance its ability to invest in credit and grow. The company, based on the Zhejiang, adheres to the “two, two, two, five” strategy, continues to expand rapidly, with excellent asset quality. We maintain its net profit of $143,170,198.
On 26 June 2023, Hangzhou Bank released a plan for the issuance of a stock share to a specific target, and the company is now issuing more than 900 million shares to a specific target, with a total amount of funds not expected to exceed RMB 12.5 billion. With the approval of the relevant regulatory authority, the fund-raising campaign will be fully used to supplement the company’s core level of capital, after deducting the cost of the issuance.
In recent years, Hangzhou banking has been growing at a double-digit rate, with total assets growing by 16.4% at the end of the first quarter of 2023, close to 1.7 trillion assets at the end of the period.
While companies have achieved a higher capital build-up by maintaining higher profit growth rates, their capital adequacy rate has declined with the rapid growth in asset size, with core capital adequacy rates at the end of the first quarter of 2023, primary capital adequacy rates, capital adequacy rates of 8.10 per cent, 9.71 per cent, and 12.74 per cent, respectively, placing greater pressure on capital. After this capital build-up, the firm ' s core capital adequacy ratios at the primary level, primary capital at the end of the quarter of 2023, have been staticly measured.
In addition, the increase in the size of the company’s assets has helped to strengthen support for the regional economy. The bank’s current fundamentals are stable, and the high growth profile continues.
In the first quarter of the year, $9.43 billion was collected, an increase of 7.5 per cent over the same period, resulting in a return to the mother ' s net profit of $4.24 billion, an increase of 28.1 per cent over the same period. (2) Interest net revenue recovered at a rate of 13.6 per cent over the same period, up 5.0 percentage points from the year in 2022. The higher net interest revenue revenue of companies increased, on the one hand, by a sustained increase in the size of the company and, on the other hand, by a slowdown in net interest spreads. (3) The region ' s economy is well developed, with enterprises melting.
It is 15.5% long and its size has remained high. Among these, public loans grew by 12.2% compared to the beginning of the year, reflecting a well-developed economy in the Zhejiang region and a strong demand for business finance. (4) The asset quality is excellent and the provision coverage remains high. The company ' s poor rate at the end of the quarter was 0.76%, a decrease of 1 bp from the beginning of the year; the concern was 0.28%, a decrease of 11 bps from the beginning.
We believe that Hangzhou Bank will increase its capital and enhance its ability to channel credit and grow. The company is based on the Zhejiang and adheres to the “2255” strategy, which continues to expand rapidly and has excellent asset quality.
A weak macroeconomic situation may have a negative impact on the quality of bank assets. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party’s approval or influence, through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future