The company intends to acquire 9.7 per cent of its shares, and the new energy business is continuously being laid out.
It is proposed that China shares of 106 million (about 9.70% of the total share capital) be transferred to Jingjing through cash payments, at a yield price of 17.18 million yuan per share, with a total yield of 1,817 million yuan; and that the Chinese shares of 109 million (about 10% of the total share capital) held by Lin Jingwei be given the right to vote. When this transaction is completed, Xinjin power will hold 9.70% of the share and 19.70% of the vote.
The country believes in the public interest in the environment: the company's shareholding in this acquisition will continue to move forward in the new energy business area, facilitating the company's shift from power to power from fire to new energy sources. The Chinese share will grow better in the future, with the light backboards and solar cell production expanding to drive it.
At the same time, the company has expanded its new business area and added profit growth points, which have helped to increase the overall profitability of the company. Since the company's shareholdings in this acquisition have not yet been successful, it has been able to increase the potential for growth of the Chinese share and accelerate the growth of the Chinese share.
19.6, 17.2 x, pb, corresponding to 0.71, 0.69, 0.66 x. Given the heavy asset characteristics of the company's fire and power operations, the pb valuation method is expected to increase steadily and maintain a “buy-in” rating for the company's performance.
The company's placement in the new energy sector has continued, and since 2021, when it gained 20 per cent of Zhejiang's shares, it has gained control of the Chinese shares.
Accelerating the development of renewable sources of energy and the implementation of renewable energy alternative actions are major initiatives to achieve the “double carbon” goal and to build a clean, low-carbon, safe and efficient energy system, with broad scope for the development of a new energy sector represented by photovoltaics.
China’s share income and net profits have increased significantly and its profitability has increased significantly. Benefiting from the high profile of the downstream luminous industry, demand for backboards has increased significantly, and the scale of sales of the Chinese share products has increased significantly, driving the growth of revenues and net profits. In the first three quarters of 2022, China’s share achieved operating income of $7,624 million, an increase of 84.48 per cent, and the return net profit of $343 million, an increase of 365.9 per cent.
In the last three quarters, the net interest rate was 4.82%, an increase of 3.32 pct over the same period in 2021. In the case of the backboard business plate, 50 million shares were planned in 2022.
The expansion of the backboard capacity of square metres is gradually being built and released, while plans are under way to build a further 250 million square metres per year of general-purpose backboard project, to expand backboard capacity and, in the high-efficiency battery operating block, to complete the capacity climb of the Thai State's annual production of 1.5gwn single-sided topcon ultra-yangular batteries project. By June 2022, the combined capacity of the central stock of the n topcon batteries built in Thai state reached 3.6gw.
Efficient battery downline, followed by phase 4gw and phase 2 8gw, which, when fully completed, will further accelerate the strategic layout of the shares in the field of efficient single crystal batteries, which will facilitate the expansion of the company’s efficient battery production capacity. Once energy power is added to the stock, the company will work with the industry to support the growth of the Chinese shares in terms of credit, finance, market expansion, etc.
At the same time, the company has expanded its new business area, added profit growth points, which have helped to increase the company’s overall profitability, and applied the pb valuation method to make reasonable value estimates for the company. The market value of the company’s interests was 0.8-0.9 times pb in 2023, and the market value of the company was a policy risk, and industrial policy was not as high as expected; electricity use was declining; coal prices continued to be high; electricity prices were falling; and acquisitions were not integrated as expected.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject