The biggest dairy company in China is in a favourable position in the industry's up-to-date cycle.
While the market is concerned about the pressure on higher costs in 2017, we find the risk return on Eli to be attractive in the industry’s upper cycle, that is, further increases in corporate profitability are mainly due to reduced sales and improved product structure. We expect that this factor, combined with a boost in revenue growth, will boost Eli’s compound annual earnings growth of 15% over the next two years.
Sales grew faster; in the area of organic milk, Liao-Hu, cfa performed weakly in 2016, but sales were expected to pick up strongly in 2017-18: sales grew slower in 2016
We've had a flat stock price over the past six months. But our 12 mtargetprice's share in the liquid milk market has continued to expand over the past 12 months, with stars like pygmy milk and high-end pyre milk.
Products will continue to be the main engine of income growth in 2017; 2) infant and child formulas have been turned upside down and stocks have been phased out under new regulatory requirements. Moreover, we believe that the Holy Shepherd buyout program shows that Eli is $16,084mn
Determined to go into the organic milk market, and the potential downstream distribution synergy of Eli/Congress over the next two years means that the profit margin is within range, despite rising cost pressures.
While the market is concerned about the pressure on profit margins caused by rising costs, we believe that there is room for further upward profit margins for Eli. During the downward cycle of milk prices in 2014 - 16, Eli benefited from a higher grossity in terms of differences, liquidity and the 2017 push.
Interest rates, but higher spending on advertising promotion offsets this advantage; and the current up-to-date milk price factor sets out the following eight core issues:
We expect that, despite the rise in original milk prices, Eli's profit rate will increase steadily. 6. Cash flow and balance sheet.
Read all series of reports on our website. Important information can be found in the information disclosure appendix or contact your investment representative.
272017, shares of Ily (600887.s)
Sales are growing faster, sales less are driving up profits, and sales of star products and ordinary products are growing strongly, and infant and child formulas are expected to meet after last year's inventory, and we believe that the star products under the banner of Elie, headed by "Ammush" and "Golden Fair" are going to drive the next few years.
For dairy products, see figure 4. Although the market share of Ili pyrolytic milk continued to expand in 2016, we believe that there is room for further penetration of the product in small and medium-sized cities.
Best-selling dairy singles (out-of-shop sales) 28 February 2017 Ily shares (600887.ss)
Infant and child formulae: favourable demographic changes and regulatory adjustment support services Warmer industry 2016: infant and child formulae did not work well in 2016, as the industry faced unfavourable demographic trends, price erosion from competition between electricity and multinational companies, and an environment conducive to price reduction.
We expect sales to fall by 15% in 2016, but a gradual recovery is expected after 2017: we see a favourable demographic structure (the number of children in the implementation of the two-child policy increased from 16.6 million in 2015 to 18.7 million).
In addition, we believe that tighter regulation of infant and young child formula products (the introduction of a formula registration system/limiting the number of product series and formulations per company) may be beneficial to large enterprises because of regulatory requirements or the more difficult operating environment faced by small businesses, and we believe that Eli's operations in mother and child channels/small and medium-sized cities are well strategically positioned to capture this.
A growth opportunity. In addition, Elli has the capacity to defend his market share better in front of overseas competitors than domestic firms such as Bainme/Asli (figure 8).
Figure 8: The market share of Ely in the face of competition from transnational competitors against the market is equal to that of the newborns.
Market share of infant and child formula milk - Nelson Elly shares (600887.ss) Higher profitability: reduced marketing and lower advertising expenditure offset the pressure of rising costs
While the market is concerned about the cost pressures associated with higher prices of packaging materials, such as original milk and pulp, we believe that Eli has been able to channel the upward cost pressures by reducing promotion and controlling marketing costs. In the context of the previous upswing in raw material costs, Eli has demonstrated the ability to increase product prices, drive profit margins (net of gross profits after selling costs).
Given the balance between supply and demand in the industry and the upward trend in milk prices, we expect Eli and Monx to cut their advertising promotion spending by 2017, and to concentrate more resources on the development of major products. Moreover, the efforts of both companies to improve the structure of their products will contribute to higher profitability.
The strong growth and the highest rate of return within the industry, which contributed to the upward revaluation of the IRI valuation, demonstrated the ability of IRI to achieve a higher rate of cash return on investment capital (i.e., croci, see figure 13).
In the last few years, Eli's rate of return has been in the first quarter of the Hong Kong/China consumer goods section of our study, and we believe that it has benefited from a prudent capital allocation, excellent liquidity management, and a higher asset turnover rate. The highest level. Given the company's return and profitability prospects, we applied a 10% valuation premium to its industry valuation ratio.
We value Eli on the basis of our valuation framework for directctor's scutter (e.gcivscroci/wacc in 2018). We believe that in view of the slowdown in the dairy industry (the two-director's scut method for the period 2000-2010, the rate of revenue growth was two percentage points in 2015, vs 2018
28 February 2017 Ily shares (600887.ss) 28 February 2017
The assets and liabilities are strong, the free cash flow is strong, and the net cash held in 2016 is about 8 billion yuan yuan. We expect the company ' s net cash by 2020.
The net debt ratio is negative. The company does not conduct large-scale M&As, and good liquidity management creates a robust cash flow for the company. Looking ahead, without M&As, we expect that by 2019 the net cash position of E.I. will increase to about 59% of the company’s ability to generate sustainable profits and past interest-rate policy trends, with implicit shares projected to spread over the next few years.
Cash flow: Eli has been cautious about capital spending, spending about $3 billion a year since 2012, while operating cash flow has remained stable at $2.4 billion to $9.5 billion. We believe that this suggests that companies are cautious in their capital allocation. We expect that from the present figure 19: we expect that Eli can spend without having to make capital expenditure.
Continue to achieve a robust and sizeable free cash flow, operating cash flow and capital expenditure by Eli, Iri shares (600887.ss)
The three main concerns of investors: mergers and acquisitions, profit margin risks, and demand slowdown The three main concerns of investors with regard to Ely are: (1) the recently announced targeted increases and the proposed acquisitions of the Holy Shepherd; (2) the profit margin risk associated with potentially aggressive sales by competitors; and (3) a further slowdown in the demand for dairy products.
In October 2016, Eli announced that it would raise the RMB9 billion (about 10 per cent of the equity), 37 per cent sakeacquisitionofchinashengmu, and addpooyeecentive
The new stock distribution and acquisition programme has not yet been completed, pending: 1) audit of St. Shepherd’s financial statements, 2) audit by the Ministry of Commerce, 3) approval by the CSRC. The company expects to complete the additional issuance by mid-2017.
According to the announcement, Eli may buy up to 73% of the Holy Shepherd’s shares, as the main members of the Holy Shepherd’s management (27% of the total shareholdings) have decided not to participate in the compulsory acquisition. This means that Eli may have to pay between RMB 4.6 billion and RMB 9.1 billion for the acquisition of the Holy Shepherd, depending on the shares eventually acquired.
The market share of Ely was 22% and 8% for the Holy Shepherd, and it is now widely accepted in the industry that high-end warm milk will be the next increase, although we do not comment on whether the deal will be completed, we did a scenario analysis that assumes that the synergy between the Holy Shepherd/Ely should be visible from 2018 (as the company expects the transaction to be completed in the second half of 2017), especially in the downstream sector.
The analysis is based on our profit forecast for Ely (buy-in) for 2018 and the Bloomberg market for the Holy Shepherd for 2018 (uncovered). Our projections/values are not included in the acquisition programme.
We note that potential synergies may come from two sources: 1) Eli expands the sale of brand organic milk: given the potential 30% share in the high-end dairy market, we assume that distribution networks will be more fully utilized and that Eli will strengthen the organic branding of the Holy Shepherd and further expand the distribution network.
By 2018, Eli will have created another powerful high-end brand of milk (the full-time organic milk of the Holy Shepherd), with annual sales of up to RMB 6 billion, close to the sales of the gold medals of the existing Elie star products. We believe that this increase in sales is reasonable, as the brand milk revenues of the Holy Shepherd have continued to grow steadily, at an average annual compound rate of about 130% in 2013-15.
In addition, given its high-end brand positioning, we assume that the profits of branded milk products will increase further. Eli increases the production of organic milk: given that the Holy Shepherd’s upstream pastures can supply directly to Elie, we assume that Eli’s organic milk products will expand to provide more diversified products.
The original milk production implied by this increase, amounting to 650,000 to 870,000 tons, is still below the production of 900,000 tons in 2016 by the largest dairy livestock company (1117.hk). The release period is five years, and we consider the associated risks to be limited.
Iri shares (600887.ss) 28 February 2017 Ili shares (600887.ss)
Chart 25: Eli will benefit from brand milk growth and high profitability of the Holy Shepherd
Over the past two years, the dairy industry has experienced large discounts/promotions of up to 50%. While this trend has eased in recent quarters, large discounts by companies in exchange for market shares continue to pose a risk to Eli’s profitability.
Nevertheless, we believe that there is a lower probability of re-emergement of the 2014/15 scenario with a sharper discount, as the current demand for original milk is more balanced. As experience has shown, large dairy companies tend to be able to transfer higher costs.
In the last two years, there has been a slowdown in domestic demand for dairy products, especially those that usually have warm milk or milk beverages. A soft move in these categories may have an impact on the speed of Ili liquid milk sales.
History’s share price performance is less relevant to milk prices, and we see that Eli’s share price performance is also influenced by overall consumer confidence and growth in the dairy industry. Specifically, changes in consumer demand and taste can affect Eli’s sales rate, while global and domestic milk prices can affect Eli’s raw material costs and operating margins.
New Zealand’s wmp price is the most commonly used indicator of the global price of original milk; our analysis shows a weak correlation between the Ili stock price and the wmp price. The reason, we believe, is that -Eli is dominant in the market and has the ability to shift the rise in raw material prices to consumers and raise the price of the product, thereby driving up the profit margin.
2. As one of the larger consumer consumer companies, Ely’s stock price performance is closely related to changing consumer tastes and demand. Our analysis shows that Eli’s ability to launch a new-favorite star product continues to push up stock prices; we believe that this will continue in the coming years.
As one of the largest shares of high-quality food beverages, Ely’s share price also fluctuates with the confidence of overseas investors in a stock market.
Declines in stock market confidence or any form of large asset rotation (no longer investing in Chinese assets) may lead to a greater impact on stock prices, wmp and Monx stock prices, wmp and Eli stock prices.
28 February 2017 Ily shares (600887.ss) 28 February 2017
Iri shares (600887.ss) Ili shares (600887.ss) Ili shares (600887.ss)
The shares of Ili (600887.s) and Ili (600887.ss) are personal, Liao Yu Hao, cfa, stating that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the said company or its securities. In addition, any part of my salary has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not be.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods combined to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area of research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital rates of return and net asset rates of return. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation rates, such as market rates, dividends rates of return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates based on a 12-month history.
Volatility calculations are adjusted for dividends. Quantum quanttum is a highly proprietary database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommend proposals. The gssustain list of concerns covers industry-led enterprises that we believe have a continuing competitive advantage over their global counterparts and an excellent return of capital, and therefore are expected to perform well in the long term. Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns of cash investments, the position of the industry and the level of management (corporate management).
Cafa: a-shareconsumerdurables, a share of the media, a share of food beverages, and Chinese consumer goods.a-shareconsumerdurables: Glyceries, American Group, Qingdao Haile.
A set of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoo River, Guozhou Maotai, Jinzhou old cellar, Qing Qingqin, Shanxi Liquor, Qingji Island Beer (a) and Five Grain fluids.a A set of media outlets: Aufi Entertain, Light Media, Caohua Cable, Hua Weiwena, Blue Curtain, South Central Media, Media Division, Province Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Music Network, East Mingju, Science and Technology, Mandarlin House Line, Hua Xiao Xiao.
China's consumer goods: Junyuan, Light Milk, Modern Livestock, Hua Yu Entrepreneurship, Mon Niu Dairy, Masters' Holdings, Qingdao Beers (h), Unity Enterprises, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli. The statutory disclosure relating to companies does not disclose specific information on the following companies: Ermb17.96)
Corporate ratings, research industries and related definitions Manage investment lists in the region; however, the distribution of buy-in and sell-out ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Board.
Every study that has entered the list of investments or reiterated that it has been maintained on the list of investments is indicated. The historical fundamentals of the scope of the study and/or the valuation have fallen short of it.
Investment ratings and price targets. Investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. This information does not exist or does not apply (na): this information does not exist or does not apply.