More innovation, more product matrix for the Escort River-Biadi, May sales evaluation, Biadei released May new energy vehicle sales data: 11,490,000.
/ yoy+250%/mom+8%, which is a record high. Re-innovation is high, rich product matrices strengthen core competitiveness. 1149 million vehicles/yoy+250%/mom+8% sold in May, which is a record new amount.
114,000 vehicles, or 61,000 in the dm series, or 53,000 in the ev series, or 250,000 vehicles/yoy+583 per cent in the 1-May dm and 254,000/yoy+246 per cent in the ev series.
2.4/3.2/2.1/1.3/080,000, destroyer 05/Dolphin/e series, respectively.
The system, which combines battery technology, body design, system integration, sales, etc., to create a series of blasted cars that are represented by "Han". High-end brands such as "Han" continue to be sold, single-car prices break up and brand power continues.
Hand/ SEAL/Teamd9/Donev, and brand power from 16th of May, high-end luxury mpv to launch pre-saled d9 with dm-i supermix technology and e-platform 3.0 technology, dm-i supermix comprehensive continuation breakthrough
1000 km. Trendd9 pre-sale price of 335,000 yuan. By 5.23, pre-sale out of 1.36 Bialdi (002594) Dynamics rating: ctb takes thousands. SEALs released and synchronized presale on May 20th, and is e-ping with ctb technology.
High-tech, global champion industry -- 3.0 vehicles, with new breakthroughs in safety, control, efficiency, aesthetics, $210,000 in pre-sale space. For comparable models, seals are selling.
Biadey-002594 - Continuous title industry. Prices, performance, etc., high value for money, 5.20 SEAL pre-sale orders up to battery-outside supply and intelligence or assist in re-ejection -
22,600 vehicles, pre-sale or pre-sale, high market. On 22 May, Donev's sale was officially opened at a price of $28-34,000, positioning high-end pure electricity suv, and a cumulative 15.9 million vehicles were placed on the market for 24 hours.
The company has succeeded in building a high-end sedan brand, represented by "Han" , and is now building a high-end, mpv, and high-end suv brand, represented by Donev, to achieve a horizontal expansion of high-end brands.
Zhang, it is expected to further strengthen the brand power of the company. The company has formed three core series of products that represent the dynasty, the ocean, and the power of the company, and is expected to launch a higher brand in the future, leading to a further bottom-up and hierarchical breakthrough.
The company's electric car sales have continued to lead, ranking first in April, and the city's share has been high.
In May, 35% of sales were re-innovated, with supply chains, technology, products, and sales entering a virtuous cycle. In May, the battery load was 6.2gwh, and in January-May it was 27.2gwh, with the company's new production gradually being released, and the battery supply was expected to continue.
Landing, strengthening the company’s core competitiveness. Taken together, the company’s position in the field of electric vehicles has been strengthened, with a rich matrix of technology, products, a strong supply chain, autonomous core links, and enhanced multidimensionality.
In addition, the company continues to expand its international and domestic customers beyond the power-consolidated battery self-supply drive, and continues to operate on both the storage and electric car tracks, with the battery outside to open the ceiling.
The company's speed drive layouts are built around laser radars, high-precision maps, chips, algorithms, etc. We believe that the company's products, technology, supply chains are entering a virtuous cycle phase, and the industry's position is continuously consolidated and “quality” and “quantity” are achieved.
The company’s current order is strong, its product is strong, and its prices are up, and we appreciate the company’s medium- and long-term development opportunities, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Policy volatility risks; downstream demand is lower than expected; product prices are less than expected;
Yin Bin: Dr. Science, Chief of New Energy. Four years of business + five years of equity + one year of experience in the Fund, who has served successively in Biadi, Central Thai, East Wu, Bothour, China Sea Securities.
Li Jiangtao: Master of Quantities in Economics, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, one year of famous pe practice, four years of securities tested, 2021, joined Chinese securities, and conducted research on new energy vehicles and listed companies.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.