Repurchase shares to boost employee ownership programs, and work with the horizon to deepen intelligence cooperation.
On April 22, 2022, the company issued a repurchase of 0.27% of the total share capital for the implementation of the company’s employee holding scheme.
Other forms of buyback are available for a period of 12 months from the date of consideration by the Shareholders Assembly for the adoption of the current repurchase scheme.The annual Stakeholder Scheme is intended to cover the company ' s staff representative supervisors, senior managers and the Biade Group ' s middle management, core management, estimated at RMB 100 million, and the shares recognized in the Stakeholder Scheme for 2022-2025 are paid at a cost of RMB 5.4/80/3.9/12 billion, respectively.
In April 21, 2022, Biadi and Horizon announced that they would set up a fixed-point collaboration, and that Biadi would carry a high-performance, high-calculable automatic-drive chip drive 5 on some of their models, and build a more competitive mooring-up programme to achieve high-level autopilot functions.
In mid-2023, the country’s motorist view was that, in 2021, 3.31 million new energy use vehicles were sold in the country, with a penetration rate of about 15 per cent. We expect that in 2025, new energy use could reach 9.67 million vehicles, with a penetration rate of about 40 per cent. The average annual compound growth rate of sales of new energy use 2021-2025 is expected to be 31 per cent.
By March 2022, Biadi’s new energy vehicle sales reached 105,000 vehicles, with a market share of about 23%, and the city ranked first. By the main line logic, Biadi is strong at the depth of the upstream industrial chain, with three power technologies (cells, electric machines, power controls); he has improved his ability to hold the downstream terminal market significantly, with a pure plug-in double-wheel drive, followed by a boom-boom new car.
The high-quality giants of the industry are becoming clear. By the logic of the feed line, Biadi's blade battery has significantly increased the energy density of the phosphate lithium battery in a way that is structurally innovative, and has demonstrated the safety of the battery bag through needle-point tests, leading the technology, with a red flag e-qm5, Sylissf5, Long Ancs55, East Free, Ford Mustangmach-e, Lincoln Adventurer phev, etc.
Clients are expected to expand further, with the rapid development of storage batteries, bringing about a larger business gain for Biadi. We maintain a 2022 surplus to buy back in a centralized bid transaction or other way endorsed by the CSRC, within 12 months of the date of the shareholders’ congress’ consideration of the adoption of this repurchase.
The company ' s 2022 Stakeholder Scheme involved the company ' s staff representatives, senior managers, and the Biade Group ' s mid-level managers, core cadres, with a total of not more than 12,000 people, at a yield price of zero dollars/shares.
For 12 months, 24 months and 36 months from the date of the employee ' s holding plan, the share rate of each release was 30 per cent, 30 per cent, the company ' s 2022 employee holding plan was broken with performance appraisals at the company level and at the individual level, and the conditions for performance appraisal at the company level were as follows: Table 5: Conditions for performance appraisal at the company level of the company ' s employee holding plan
The individual performance of the participants is also evaluated once every fiscal year in 2022-2024. Subject to meeting the performance appraisal targets of the company, the holder’s current stock share effectively unlocked = the holder’s current plan to unlock the equity share of the stock share multiplied by the individual-level performance appraisal, resulting in the corresponding unlocked ratio.
Assuming that the fair value of the unit equity tool was measured at the company's stock collection price of $234.04 per unit on 21 April 2022, the total maximum cost to be recognized in the company's implementation plan is expected to be $185 million, which is the proportion of each time the company is released during the lock-out period.
Assessed, taking into account associated costs or costs and capital holdings. It is expected that the shares recognized in the employee holding plan for 2022-2025 will be paid for on 21 April 2022, when Biadi and the Horizon formally announce a fixed collaboration, and Biadi will carry high-performance, high-calculable autopilot chip drive 5 on some of its models, building a more competitive berthing package and achieving a high-level automated driving function.
In mid-2023, the Biadi model will be marketed as early as mid-2023. The third-generation model of the horizon has a high-calculation and high-performance capability, with a single chip arithmetic of up to 128 tops, supporting 16 path camera perception calculations that can support the multisensor integration, prediction, and planning controls required for autopilot.
Car-leveli chips for functional security process development. Figure 4: Horizon five chip architecture, winning the Guangdong Science and Technology Progress Award, leading a number of technology internationals.
On 15 April 2022, Biadi won the 2021 Guangdong Science and Technology Progress Award at the Principal Award and the 2nd Award for the 2021 Guangdong Science and Technology Progress Award at the Principal Award and the 2nd Award at the 2021 Guangdong Science and Technology Award, and the 2021 Award for the Development and Industrialization of Critical Technology at High-end Pure Motors and High-Reliable High-Riving igbt Devices at the Second Level, respectively.
The company 's project on research and development and industrialization of critical technologies for high-end electric power-borne vehicles ' focuses on three new energy technologies: 1) sandwich structure, high safety non-module blade battery system, which completely addresses the pain point of the power cell heat loss out of control, with a high energy density of 240wh/l; 2) high power, low-consumption sic module controller design manufacturing technology, and the development of the first volume-based sic-driven module controller to drive total aggregate efficiency gains.
89%; 3) Full-on-one high-voltage depth integration structure, with maximum recharge power exceeding 300kw. This project has broken through the challenge of high-end pure motor vehicle safety, continuation, power cogeneration, with blade batteries and integrated-up architecture technology at the international lead.
The design and manufacture of a module designed and built a complete industrial chain for an entire vehicle application, which developed the igbt chip, the frd chip and the high reliability of the igbt module for new-energy vehicles and industrial applications, broke through the challenge of self-design and manufacturing and gave a strong impetus to the positive health development of the new-energy automobile industry. By the end of 2021, the cumulative load of the Biadi Car Code power unit had reached 1.8 million vehicles.
National number one. The overall technology of the project is internationally advanced, and some of it is internationally advanced.
In 2021, the company’s pure power-car sales were mainly contributed by Hanev/Qinplusev/ Yuanev, and the bulk of the mixed-car sales were contributed by Qinplusdm/Songdm/ Tangdm. According to statistics, about 60% of households in China had no cars, companies positioned the dmi hybrid series as home first-time high-priced cars, and the fuelable power mix was able to satisfy most household travel patterns, while the pure electric model was defined as a family-to-car purchase model to meet consumption upgrades.
The company expects the future sales of phev to be around 6:4. The company has the highest heat in the car sales type, with a projected monthly sales of 30,000 after dm is held; the pure trailer, plus dolphins, is currently ordered at 30,000/month, well over 0.5 million/month, and only 10,000 per month is now delivered, subject to capacity restrictions. In 2022, the company will be rolling out the Handm-i/dm-p, Dondm-i/dm-p, and remodelling the Handm/dm-p of the Dynasty series.
Car types, ocean series seals, sea lions and seagulls, warship series destroyers, cruisers and landing ships, as well as up-to-date brands and high-end brand models, the rich vehicle-type matrix will hit higher sales targets.
In 2021, 3.31 million new energy vehicles were sold in the country, with a penetration rate of about 15 per cent. We expect 9.67 million new energy vehicles to be sold in 2025, with a penetration rate of about 40 per cent. The average annual compound rate of sales of 2021-2025 new energy vehicles is expected to be 31 per cent. In March 2022, 1005,000 new energy vehicles were sold in Biadi, with a market share of about 23 per cent.
The swimming industry chain depth layout, with three power technologies (cells, electric machines, electrical controls), is very strong; the downstream terminal market has improved significantly, with pure plug-and-dip double-wheel drive, followed by the roll-out of a new car. Good track growth + strong industrial chain + high market share, and high-quality big players in high-quality industries are becoming clear. By the logic of the line, Biadi’s blade battery has significantly increased the energy density of the lithium phosphate battery in a structured and innovative way, and
The safety of the battery bag was demonstrated through needle-point tests, and the technology was leading, with a red flag e-qm5, Cyrus sf5, Long Ancs55, East Free, Ford Mustangmach-e, Lincoln Adventurer phev, among others. The future of the blade battery is expected to expand in a step that will accompany the rapid development of the battery, leading to a significant increase in business in Biadi. We maintain a profit forecast for 2022.
The author assured that the data used in the report were from compliance channels; the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, and was based on the results of the analysis.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author