Quarterly Report 2022: Performance supermarket expectations, Nguyen Xiaoyan cellular parts and assembly operations affected by weak industry demand, low capacity utilization, we expect
The company announced a cut-off of the fuel truck, which was 7.8% higher than in the light season, and a strong increase in sales, which was historically high. Of this number, 143,000 were sold in pure electric vehicles, representing an increase of 270% in the same year, and 5.56% in the ring; and 14.17 million were sold in hybrids.
A 796 per cent increase in the same year, with a 10.2 per cent increase in the ring. In March-April, some electric vehicles were affected by the epidemic, some 18 per cent of the company ' s capacity was suspended/reduced in Shenzhen, while during the Shenzhen wind-controlled period the plant was still closed and the company ' s electric vehicle production was less disturbed.
The series, the warship series, the dynasty series, etc., have been rolled out, and we expect that in 2022 Biadi will raise the cost of the second price transfer by raising the cost of sales and increasing the cost of the hedges. Since the beginning of 2022, some of Biadi's models have increased their prices by 3000 to 5,000 yuan in mid-March.
The high capacity utilization of the company’s high sales of electric cars has led to a significant improvement in profitability, with a certain amount of pressure on the profit from the higher prices of upstream raw materials. The battery loads have increased year-round, with 22 years of elastic storage and a doubling of output based on the prospect of a doubling of output.
Biyadi (002594). Lead sales, company sales reports, 20221 Byadi battery power and storage machines, total 14.73gwh, continued upswing, leading to a big trend in electric motorization.
In the power sector, as the demand for power tools increases and the proportion of the blade battery out of supply increases, we expect the company to be powered in 2022 by Bialdi (002594): pure electricity and commingling.
The pool doubled to 60gwh+, the storage energy plus the power cell (both self-service and out-source) total output with full power, and the lithium blade battery was raised in competition close to 80gwh, more than doubling in comparison with the previous year.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering the innovation of corporate sales and significant improvements in profitability, we maintain that Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities