The company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2022 on 18 April of the investment event in Public Biadi (002594.sz). 20201 is expected to return.
The number of cars sold by the company in March was 104,000, or +157.6 per cent, which is much higher than in the industry.
Quick, the city's share is 22.86%. Over the quarter, the volume of new energy by car was 1,896 thousand, compared to 100 million dollars in central Biadi's electronic profits.cn. The rest of the profits are expected to come mostly from cars and batteries.
Business. As a result, the company’s new energy vehicle sales surged in the first quarter, leading to a significant increase in profitability. (ii) The capacity to grow up on a monthly basis, high-priced vehicle sales, and the company’s performance is expected to rise on a quarterly basis.
The price of materials has continued to rise sharply, and Neyadi has made two rounds of price increases in a quarter, ranging from $1,000 to $7,000 and $3,000 to $6,000, covering almost all the new energy models under its umbrella. Strong product competitiveness and branding effects guarantee post-price sales.
(iii) Multiple new vehicles will be launched, and more will be expected to be deployed overseas. According to the company’s plans for this year’s new model, including new refinancing of the warships and dynasty series, this year will be the year.
With the launch of 14 new products, the rich product lines will further boost the competitiveness of the company's markets. In addition, the company's relative depth of 300 “urban bus power” solution has entered the United States, Italy, South Korea, Japan, Germany, etc.
Investment proposals: the advantages of a company’s whole chain are gradually emerging, with a mix of mid- and high-end product matrices and the scale effects of product releases, the loss of new energy vehicles has largely reversed, and the company’s profitability is expected to hold.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
The Institute is now primarily responsible for research by the Automotive Industry Group.