The ctb captures high-tech technology, and the world’s leading industry-Biadie (002594) continues to be commented on by the Yaddi release of ctb technology and seal pre-sales.
The company releases ctb (the battery body integration) technology, using the body floor integration, the battery covers the bonding agent, the core bonding tray structure, with the original electrical power.
The pool sandwich structure evolves into an entire car 's sandwich' structure. The ctb technology uses high-security blade batteries that can easily pass needle-point tests, blind fire, smoke, surface temperature is only 30-60°C.
The plate, the base plate and the cellular “save” structure can withstand 50 tons of heavy card crushes and achieve a breakthrough in the structural strength of the battery system. The ctb technology has been significantly optimized for the whole vehicle in terms of performance, safety, etc.
66%, the whole car has doubled, and we're running into side-to-side structural security, and the company's technology development continues, with multiplatforms, multiproduct matrices and deep layouts, and it's already a dmi and e-platform 3.0, the ocean network, the dynasty network, and the two major sales.
The system, which combines forces in the broad areas of battery technology, body design, system integration, sales, etc., creates a series of blasted cars that are represented by "Han".
The company released a pre-sale of seals, an e-platform 3.0 vehicle with ctb technology, which has achieved new breakthroughs in safety, control, efficiency, and aesthetics. Seal mining with lithium blade batteries speeds up to 3.8 s, 100 km with low electricity.
Biadi-002594 - Production and Marketing Continuous Tier Industry, 12.6kwh, Extension 550/650/7000km, Powered 61.4/82.5kwh, Fast Charge Batteries for Intelligent or Assisted Second Expedition -
Overall, the price of seals is particularly high for comparable models. As of 20 May, at 2200 hours, seals had pre-sale orders amounting to 226,000, pre-sale and bursting funds, market reputations, and seal products are expected to be sold to the public.
The company is ranked first in the chain of supply/technology/products, where it continues to take the lead. Despite the impact of the April epidemic on the production of electric vehicles and the supply chain, the company has achieved very good results.
In April 2022, corporate power and storage battery loads exceeded 6gwh, and cumulatively reached 21gwh in January-April.
The matrix is rich, the supply chain is strong, the core chain is self-controllable, the multidimensional strength of the company's products is on a fast-growing path. In addition, the company continues to build on its power, beyond the battery base, to develop international and domestic customers, in storage and capacity.
Both tracks of the electric car are constantly active, and batteries are available to open the ceiling. At the same time, the company raises the speed of smart driving layouts, sensibly swirling around laser radars, high-precision maps, chips, algorithms, etc.
During the virtuous cycle, the industrial position continues to be consolidated, with “quality” and “quantity” companies now holding strong orders, strong products and higher prices, and we value the company's medium- and long-term upward development opportunities, with a “recommended” rating.
Risks of policy volatility: lower than expected downstream demand; less than expected product prices; risk of deteriorating competitive patterns; and less than expected expansion and digestion of capacity.
Yin Bin: Dr. Science, Chief of New Energy. Four years of business + five years of securities + one year of fund experience, served successively in Biade, Central Thai, East Wu, Bothai, and China Sea. As a core member, it covers lithium power cells, fuel cells, storage energy and related chain of industry related to listed companies and new energy vehicles.
Li Jiangtao: Master of Quantities in Economics, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, one year of famous pe practice, four years of securities tested, 2021 of new energy cars and listed companies, reflecting my research views.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.