Good business performance, rapid growth of overseas power grid operations Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre event: company business income of $51.57 billion in 2023, an increase of 10.1 per cent over the year; net return to the mother
Profit short-term pressure, and research and development investment remains high. At the profit end: in 2023, companies sold Māori/net interest rate points, smart grids grew steadily, and overseas operations continued to grow. In 2023, companies achieved 256.4 billion yuan in smart power grids, an increase of 2.6 per cent, and Māori 28.9 per cent, an increase of 1 pp..
Product and integrated corporate solutions providers have significant advantages in areas such as smart power grid master network control and monitoring automated systems, flexible straight flow valves, and domestic operations are expected to benefit from increased grid investment. In addition, there is a demand for integrated smart grid solutions in many parts of the world, with companies moving out to sea at a higher pace than the 5.4 pp growth.
. In 2023, companies were able to combine their businesses to generate revenues of $11.13 billion, an increase of 21.7 per cent, and Māori 22.4 per cent, an increase of 0.2 pp. The company is the leading information-based corporate solution provider in the energy and electricity sector in the country.
Core operations, such as the Energy Power Information Platform, the Secure Corporate Solutions, which support the digitization and intelligent transformation of energy systems, are expected to provide sustained growth in performance. Low-carbon energy has industry-led solutions, with breakthroughs in many areas.
During the reporting period, the company successfully developed the world's single machine, with the largest capacity of millions of kw-grade mega-hydropower systems and protected control products, equipped in the field of storage with integrated wind and water cooling energy systems based on the power core level and with pc capabilities.
The full-power wind currents at sea are applied to the 100kw class large-capacity wind engine, the Qingyangzhou Sea Project, where, firstly, a batch of units have been successfully connected to one-time power grids, fully benefiting from the growth in demand from downstream industries. The Division’s products are technologically strong, its operations inside and outside the network continue to expand, and its performance is expected to grow steadily, maintaining “possession”
Rapid development of off-grid and overseas operations Risks; less than expected risks from the process of industrialization of the igbt; risks from exchange rate fluctuations affecting companies ' overseas revenues.
Assumption 1: A company is a supplier of smart grid technology, products and integrated integrated solutions, with significant advantages in the areas of smart grid master distribution, dispatch and monitoring of automated systems, flexible straight flow switch valves, etc. The company smart grid is expected to deliver orders at a rate of 8.8 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively, for 2024-2026, with beneficial scale effects and improved product structure, and Māori rates are on the upwards.
Assumption 2: Corporations are the leading domestic provider of integrated information solutions in the energy and electricity sector, focusing on core business such as energy and electricity infrastructure platforms, and security-wide solutions, with projected increases in the delivery of corporate integration projects in 2024-2026. Assumption 3: Corporate low-carbons have industry-led solutions, breakthroughs in multiple areas, expected to occur in 2024-2026
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.