The position of silicon taps is highlighted by the rapid release of components, Tonway shares (600438), the company published a three-monthly report in 2023, and 2023q1-q3 achieved operating income of $11,421 million.
The first analysis of Wu Ho's power equipment and new energy industry shows a net profit from withholding non-repatriation of 3,021 million yuan, a decline of 68.16 per cent in the same year, a decline in the ring, a sharp rise in silicon taps and a rapid increase in the output of the n-type material.
\triangleright, the company’s silicon production cost has been reduced to up to $40,000 per ton. The company’s silicon production capacity now stands at 420,000 tons, and the company continues to build up its production capacity on the basis of its cost advantages.
The company ' s 200,000-ton silicon project and its 200,000-ton silicon project started work in March 2023 and July 2023 respectively. On the other hand, the company continued to optimize its silicon material output structure and, as downstream n-type technology became operational, the price of the n/p silicon material increased further, and the company responded to market demands.
In response to changes in the market supply of the N-type material, sales of the N-type have increased by 447% over the same period. On the other hand, in 2023, in order to further enhance the supply capacity of raw materials, companies planned to build 300,000 tons and 400,000 tons of industrial silicon projects, respectively, in the city’s Daofung and in the county of Wangchun, Guangwon City.
One of the projects is to be completed by the end of 2024. Topcon battery volume output is smooth and efficiency and performance industry leads.
The company’s two-stream project of 25gw and 16gw topcon is expected to be completed by the first half of 2024, when the company’s tnc battery will be able to produce 66gw. In terms of efficiency and efficiency, the company’s topcon battery capacity is flat.
The conversion efficiency has been increased to 25.7% (unincumbered) with a good rate of more than 98%. The company has completed the development of the boron expansion technology, which is expected to produce more than 0.2% of the topcon product.
In addition, the company has made significant progress in cutting-edge technology areas such as back-to-back contact batteries, silicon ore/silicon stack batteries, of which the P-tbc R & D batch efficiency was 25.18 per cent, with the highest N-tbc
R & D efficiency was 26.11% and silicon/silicon stack battery efficiency was 31.13%. Component operations grew rapidly and domestic and international channels continued to expand.
Three major manufacturing bases to accelerate advanced capacity development of the components, which are now fully operational in the Salt City 25gw and Golden Hall cindaseuritiesco., Ltd. 16gw high-efficiency component project, with annual capacity up to 55gw in the first half of the year.
In terms of the sale of components, in the domestic distribution market, the company's network of internal distribution channels, and the rapid establishment of a complete system of platform customers.
Platform clients such as Thailand, Sunshine, and Genesis have entered into strategic partnerships to achieve a significant increase in their market share. With regard to overseas markets, companies continued to focus on target markets such as Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and South America in the first half of the year, continuing to raise corporate brand influence and completing overseas framework orders over 6gw.
\triangleright Risk factors: less than expected photovoltaic demand, risk of continued decline in silicon prices, changes in the macro-environment, joining the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the photovoltaic sector.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and joined the Sindashian voucher research centre in 2022 for research in electrical equipment and storage, Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the lithium electric materials industry.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for the new energy car dealership, Lee Woo-hung, team member, Master of Economics, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2023, responsible for non-relationship, non-relationship and direct or indirect relevance to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.