There's a lot of room for improvement in business, high-growth Goroe, Martin Ting-Ting, profit-making, roe and valuation: Ning-Bo's the most special bank.
Local banks, s0600517040002, with the highest levels of profit-making and roe; focused on small and medium-sized corporate lending operations in Jiang Zhen, well-developed regional economies, wind control, expected sustained improvement in asset quality, profit
Release time; in addition to the high value of high Roe, its business characteristics, management capabilities, wind control capabilities, performance growth should be given a certain valuation premium.
The Ningpo Bank’s business targets may continue to improve as a result of steady and stable growth in size (same caliber) and improved income from intermediate operations. With a sustained improvement in asset quality, profit growth is expected to increase continuously (with no refinancing factor for the time being).
▪ Quality of assets: Performance unleashes the most central driving force: building on the developed regional economies of the provinces of Jiang Zhen and their strict wind control capabilities, Ningpo Bank has the best asset quality among the listed banks. In terms of the indicators of the latest statement, the negative rate is only 0.9 per cent (17q3); and the ratio of overdue loans is 0.97 per cent (17h);
In the event of a tightening of the criteria for negative identification, with the “bad/late” indicator reaching 93%, the level of coverage provided is as high as 43%, the quality of assets is strong, and there is little room for future improvement of the criteria.
As the regional economy continues to improve, the balance of the non-performing loans of Ningpo Bank is expected to open up a “declining route” that will naturally release profits. Even without extra provisions, the coverage rate can be maintained at a relatively high level, with a virtuous circle.
3bps, the negative balance is a net decrease from 17q3.
The customer base is solid, the client is more sticky, and in 16 years, the firm’s current deposits have increased at a rate of 67% on a year-on-year basis. Moreover, with wind control in place, public loans are more priced, and the loan end average is shorter and more liquid. 2) Individual loans: consumer loans are unique.
The business has accumulated over 12 years, with a clear pre-emptive advantage; over the years, consumer loans have held more than 85% of individual loans. A well-positioned clientele, such as “white-collar” for high-quality customers such as civil servants, corporations, state-owned companies and listed companies, can gradually expand to other industries and high-quality private companies with one.
Working together, highlighting its strong wind-control capabilities. ▪ Other concerns: 1) Scale up: mpa test and financial deleveraging context adjusted, credit demand is strong to sustain steady growth, and debt can be transferred to complete capital replenishment and increase scale
(ii) Net interest differentials: increases in base or drags interest differentials, but without prejudice to “real” profit performance;
The impact of the new regulations on bank statements is limited, and is expected to be non-existent with the impact of negative factors such as 17 years of camp change, calibre adjustments and regulation, and completion of calibre adjustments.
2. Ningbo Bank reported a mid-2017 rating of the expected steady growth in the income from its intermediate operations. 4) Asset and liability structure: high profit growth in investment-type assets and asset quality
3. Ningbo Bank: Profiting Lead,  Profit Forecasting and Investment Recommendations: Integrated consideration of Ningpo Bank ' s business characteristics, management capacity,
High increase in the liquidity of deposits - significant deterioration in asset quality; higher than expected financial regulation; less than expected refinancing. 1.roe highest, continued to be a profitable leader.
In the first three quarters of the year, the Ningpo Bank level (annualization) was more than 20%, well above other publicly listed banks. And, according to business indicators, the previous three quarters had seen a 6.37% increase in profits (ppop) compared to the previous three quarters, with a slowdown in overall industry growth (mpa factors) in 17 years.
In addition, the net profit of the parent is 16.15 per cent higher than in the same year, and in 2018, the Ningpo Bank ' s operating targets were improved by a steady spread of income, a steady increase in size (by the same caliber) and an improvement in its middle operating income.
If the quality of the assets continues to improve, the profits increase and the roe level is expected to rise (refinancing is not considered for the time being). Business is robust and risk-resistant.
In addition, Ningpo Bank has a higher level of provision coverage (43% at the end of September 17) and a higher level of risk resilience. In order to take into account the performance of such factors as economic performance, asset quality, and provision for release, we report in Banking:
In the alternative, the concept of “resort rate of profit growth” was proposed in the report on the performance and valuation of banks, assuming that the level of bank provision coverage remained constant at the average level of each type of bank (168 per cent in the main bank, 176 per cent in the stock bank, 212 per cent in the city business), recasting the “profit rate” of banks over the years, and better measuring the bank's consideration of the provision factor.
According to the results, Ningpo Bank's profit rate is high, 17h 36.46%, leading the city comptoirs, and 16 of the old listed banks are just lower than the merchant banks. It is worth noting that Ningbo Bank is operating very well, and the profit rate has been growing at a positive rate over the past five years, even when the industry's bad assets have been exposed at an accelerated rate in 13-15 years.
In the second half of the 16 years, under the influence of mpa, the rate of expansion slowed and the rate of profit decreased by one, but it remained higher than that of Agent Le Wu.
Quality of assets: Core drivers of performance release There is still room for improvement, and profits are expected to be “naturally released” - generally speaking, as the economic cycle fluctuates, the bank accounts are divided into three stages of impairment loss (allocated): 1)
In the lower-economy cycle, the quality of bank assets deteriorated and had to be increased “passively” and impairment losses increased rapidly; (2) in the early stages of economic stabilization, some banks were either “active” inclined to increase the level of provision coverage and increase the resilience to risk; (3) in the long-term economic stability to good or up-to-date, the quality of bank assets improved, resulting in a natural reduction in impairment losses.
And with the net decline in the balance of the non-performing loans, the level of the provision can still be maintained at a higher level. We believe that Ningpo Bank has a high level of coverage of 43%, that the provision has accumulated sufficient, and that after years of digestion of the undesirable assets, it is hoped that the future will see a net reduction in the negative balance, with the continued improvement in the quality of the assets, to reach its own level.
The “best state” of the profits is released. The quality of the assets continues to improve, and the criteria for miscalculation are stringent. In terms of more objective indicators of the late rate, the quality of Ningpo Bank assets has continued to improve. In 14 years, the proportion of late loans dropped from 1.93 per cent of the highest point to 0.97 per cent in 17 years.
The lowest is for listed banks; at the same time, the poor rate is generally stable at about 0.9% (17o3 to 0.9%), and the criteria are increasingly stringent, with the proportion of bad/late loans rising from less than 50% in 14 years to as high as 93% in 2017h, the highest among small and medium-sized banks. In theory, loans over 90 days are considered bad, and yes
Under the “bad/late” ratio, which is close to 100%, the bank considers the loan to be bad when it is overdue (even if it is one day overdue), and there is little room for the standard to continue to be raised in the future. With the improvement of the regional economy and the continued improvement in the quality of assets, Ningpo Bank’s poor rate is expected to open a “declining path.”
The Bank’s lending was concentrated in the provinces of Jiang Zhen, where, according to data reported in mid-17, it accounted for more than 80% of the investment. The improvement in the region’s economy led to an improvement in the quality of the Bank’s assets, which is expected to reduce the negative balance.
As at the end of September 17, the banks of Zhejiang and Jiangsu had a negative credit balance of $18.3 billion and $5.6 billion, respectively, down 10.3 per cent and 4.5 per cent; the negative rates were 1.81 per cent and 1.18 per cent, respectively, down 0.36 pc and 0.18 pc, respectively, as compared to the beginning of the year, with a marked improvement in the three-quarter “double drop” of non-performing loans in both provinces.
The city of Ningbo improved even more, with a net decrease of $5.94 billion in the balance of non-performing loans at the end of September from the beginning of the year, a decline of 13.6 per cent and a decline of 0.48 pc to 2.15 per cent in the rate of bad loans. Ningpo Bank has been working for years, with high levels of familiarity with businesses, tight wind controls, and assets of better quality than local banking.
In the medium and long term, Ningpo Bank is driven by a steady improvement in the region’s economic performance, and if the negative loan balance starts to “debate,” it will have to “debate,” if the negative loan balance starts to “debate,” as the region’s asset quality improves.
“Dao,” which is expected to enter into a “good cycle” of performance release: even if the balance of non-performing loans is reduced net, the provision coverage can be maintained at a relatively high level, with natural profits released. We use the 17-year three-quarterly annual loan acceleration as a basis for sensitivity measurement, and if the negative rate is reduced by 3 bp on the current basis (i.e. 0.9%), then it is measured that the negative rate is reduced by 3 bp.
Based on Jiang Zing, the regional economy is well developed. The Ningbo Bank is based in the Jiang Zhen region, with more than 83% of loans disbursed in 17h provinces (57% in Zhejiang province, 37% in Ningbo province; 26% in Jiangsu province); and the whole long triangle.
In the provinces of Jiang Zhe, one of the most economically advanced regions in the country, the profitability of enterprises has been high, with industrial profits remaining at a high rate of about 15% for 17 years; industrial profits have continued to be strong, supporting asset quality. Moreover, social financing needs have been strong, with Jiangsu and Zhejiang being two societies 17 years ago in the third quarter of the year.
The advanced regional economies have placed Ningpo Bank in the second and fourth places. They have set solid levels of quality for high-quality asset quality, tight credit approvals, and control of the source of asset quality. Ningpo Bank has always adhered to the “risk-control is cost-reduction” concept of risk management, improving comprehensive, fully staffed and process-wide risk management systems, and building high risk management capabilities.
Effective, independent risk management mechanisms that fully cover credit access, pre-credit approval, post-prior follow-up and loan management, ensuring equity 1) prudential access to credit: taking into account the internal and external economic situation, actively adjusting the grant-of-assist policy, selecting high-quality clients, moving from credit to a “point of origin” where credit risk is strictly captured.
For 14 years, there has been a net decrease of 4.3 pc in the share of traditional construction loans and a 5.26 pc increase in the share of water, environment and public facilities management and investment. 2) Pre-credit approvals are independent and valid: central approval mechanisms for loans are in place and approvals are in place.
Once at the head office, the approving officer is led vertically by the head office and enforces the uniform criteria for approval. The approving officer has five titles, ten grades, and the approving officer at all levels has different approval powers, taking into account the efficiency of the approval and the effective control of the risks, and guarantees the independence of the credit approvals.
The four data are at the core, and the remaining peripheral information is supplemented by a top-down "4+n" risk alert system, which provides advance information on the evolution of credit clients' operations. In addition, Ningpo Bank has made extensive use of on-site visits and post-prior checks to track customer information in real time and to strictly control risk.
4) Loan management follows a level 10 classification, which is more detailed: companies further implement a level 10 classification system based on a level 5 classification by classifying loans as normal (including normal +, normal and normal--), concern (including concern +, concern and clearance) indicating the actual value and risk level of the loan. Companies make provisions in different proportions based on different classifications to ensure that they are effectively offset
3. Special features: Deep-farm retailing, with a focus on MSMEs Bank ' s emphasis on the development of retail financial services, including mainly retail company operations and individual banking, which constitute a unique advantage. Retailing company operations are dominated by comprehensive services for MSMEs and continue to deepen the operations of small business clients; personal banking;
Businesses have always been customer-centred, continuing to deepen their core business, such as consumer credit, in an effort to create a “specialized, home-grown” and differentiated core competitiveness for middle- and small-sized businesses.
The private economy, which is dominated by small and medium-sized enterprises, is the main driving force behind the local economy. Over the years, companies have been actively pursuing their “support entities, small and medium-sized services” business objectives, focusing on serving a wide range of SME clients, enhancing credit lending, and increasing their interest in small and medium-sized enterprises.
In 13 years and 15 years, the company issued 8 billion and 10 billion dollars in financial debt, earmarked for the granting of micro-enterprise loans, accounting for 31% and 22% of the increase in lending over two years, respectively.
Continue to focus on the real needs of small and medium-sized enterprises, continuously innovate to optimize the financial products and services of small enterprises, continuously upgrade the level of financial services packages such as finance, settlements and e-banking for small enterprises, for example, by promoting tax and monetary cooperation, successfully launching “tax and loan” credit products, alleviating the difficulties of financing small businesses, financing the high cost of finance, achieving tax and monetary win-wins, and targeting the base
The number of retail customers grew at an average rate of 23.58% per year in 12-16 years, and the number of retail customers accumulated rapidly. By the end of 16 years, the number of retail customers had reached 15.33 million, with 52% of them accounting for the largest share of e-bank clients. In addition, there was a strong sticker for public customers, with 37% and 67%, respectively, in 15-16 years.
Ningbo Bank's focus on the business characteristics of SME credit services has resulted in two distinct advantages for its loan end: 1) higher pricing capacity for public loans; 2) shorter average duration of loans and better liquidity. 1) Higher pricing capacity: Zhejiang province is dominated by the private economy, with SMEs playing an important role in regional economic development
The overall weighted average rate of return on loans from the Bank of Nanjing Po Bank is 5.07%, 27bps and 82bps higher than the Bank of Nanjing and Shanghai banks, respectively. In the process of repricing, the rate of return on corporate loans fell by only 31bps at the end of 16 years, a relatively small decline.
It is worth noting that Ningpo Bank has a high rate of return on public loans, but not a “value” of money for SMEs. In general, SMEs are more difficult to finance by issuing bonds directly during the financing process, which generally presents difficulties in financing.
Preciously, 17 years of aa-class corporate debt issuance rates are generally over 6%, and the amount of circulation is significantly reduced, making it more difficult for SMEs to issue bonds. The cost of financing is higher when alternative financing options are chosen, such as p2p, private borrowing, etc. According to the statement, Ningpo Bank has a rate of return on corporate loans of less than 5.4% over 16 and 17 years, and is in line with other private sources.
The method of financing is lower in cost and easier in terms of direct support to SME financing. (2) The average length of lending is shorter and the liquidity is better: SMEs tend to have shorter durations and smaller sizes in the financing process, as does the duration structure of Ningpo Bank as a whole.
According to the data, in the maturity structure of the 16 old listed banks, Ningpo Bank accounts for 68.75 per cent of loans within one year, significantly higher than other banks. For 17 years, monetary policy has been solidly neutral, and as market interest rates have risen to the end of the loan, the shorter the loan period or the faster it will be able to complete the heavy price, it may also be higher.
3.2. Individual lending operations: consumer lending is unique and the consumer-type lending ratio is high. As the disposable income of the population increases and consumption capacity and willingness increases dramatically, the population is less likely to be able to afford to pay for it.
In response to a strong demand for credit, Ningpo Bank introduced “white-collar” and “lending” products as early as 05 years ago, with a clear initial advantage. Consumer credit was increasingly invested during this period, with individual loans in favour of consumer loans.
One billion yuan, a 7.63 per cent increase over the same year, and 42 per cent annual compound growth since 13 years, with rapid growth in size. Consumer lending, which accounts for over 85 per cent of individual loans, has remained at a high level among colleagues.
For example, White Lead, an earlier personal revolving credit loan product by a commercial bank, has a high profile. In terms of the specific application requirements of the White Lead series, its client base is primarily one civil servant; two full-time employees, such as corporate companies and state companies; and three employees of listed companies.
There is a low rate of under-restrictiveness. Ningpo Bank controls a loan client, sub-levels it on the basis of customer information, controls control accounts, post-letter checks, risk warning mechanisms, maturity processing, credit classification, and late collection.
The credit structure of Ningpo Bank is based on consumer loans and business loans, with a very low share of housing loans, with less than 1.2% of Ningpo Bank ' s lending deficit for 14-16 years.
Holding below 0.5%, with 16 years falling between 5bps and 0.44% below 15 years, far below the overall rate of badness of the company. The rate of poor lending is still well below that of other banks, with only 0.44% in 16 years and more than 1% in all banks, highlighting strong corporate wind control, which is expected to increase at a steady pace in 18 years, allowing for capital transfers to open up scope for scale expansion.
The pace of growth has slowed, mainly because banks have been able to expand at a rate of capital adequacy (wider credit growth) within the framework of the mpa test. In the case of Bank Ningbo, the capital adequacy rate of 17q3 is 12.14 per cent, and the corresponding broad credit growth ceiling is around 14 per cent.
It has been gradually adjusted, and we expect credit needs to remain strong and support asset growth in the coming year as the economy stabilizes. In addition, the 10 billion refinancing of recapitalization of Ningpo Bank has been completed and, according to our static calculations, capital adequacy can increase the base base or drag interest differentials, but it does not prevent “real” profit performance.
The mid-year report shows an increase of about $100 billion in the IMF, with a rate of return on portfolio investment of less than 4.15%, which is partly delaying performance. But investment fund products can be tax-free, with a profit spread after a combination of tax considerations: over 17 years, the Ningpo Bank had a loan spread of 3.72%, far higher than other comparable silver.
All right, 71bps higher than the second Nanjing bank, with greater core profitability. At the end of the line: Ningbo Bank has a relatively high individual lending ratio, has a strong pricing power for public loans, and has the highest overall rate of return on loans compared to the city’s comptoirs (the previous section has been analysed in detail and will not be repeated here).
1) Increased competition in the sector: Over the past 17 years, the share of total debt and the balance sheet has become more regulated (the ratio of total debt is controlled in the broad direction of 33% gold transfers), and competitive pressure on deposits has increased.
The impact of these combined factors (such as strict bank marketing, financial inclusion mpa tests, etc.) has been a significant slowdown in the growth rate of middle-level operations in listed banks and even negative growth in some banks, but the Ningpo Bank has maintained a positive growth rate of 0.88%. The new regulations on capital management have had limited impact on bank statements during the transition period. Ningpo Bank finances less than 200 billion.
(2017h) About 20% of total assets in the table, well below the banks of Beijing and Shanghai, and is expected to have little impact on the statements during the transition period compared to the year when the Bank of Nanjing is still in operation. Agent commissioning and e-banking are more prominent. Under light capital operations, operations such as the Ningpo Bank e-Bank have developed rapidly, reporting, agency and bank card procedures as of mid-17 years.
The fee income ratio is over 85%. With 17 years of negative influence and completion of its own caliber adjustment (part of credit card-carried intermediate business income recategorized to interest income), it is expected that future middle business income will grow steadily, driven by niche operations.
Asset-liability structure: investment-type assets are heavily configured and there is less pressure on the liability-end peer adjustment. Assets at the end of an asset are mainly allocated to investment-type assets and loans, and assets at the end of an asset are relatively low. According to data reported in mid-17 years, investment-level assets at the end of Bank Ningbo are relatively high (more than 50 per cent); loans account for about 33 per cent of the loan, compared to the share of assets at the end of a business-related asset.
It is only 3.54%, the lowest among the comptoirs. The size of the loan is limited by the size of the credit line.
In the regulatory environment, the breakdown of bank-invested assets is very important. We split the bank-invested assets into more specific details, and it can be found that, although the investment-type assets of Ningpo Bank are relatively high, the structure is more balanced and the liquidity is better. From the data reported in mid-17 years, Ningpo Bank has more fund-based assets, with a total asset ratio of nearly 12%.
The top 16 listed banks; it is dominated by monetary funds, which, in addition to the tax-exempt effect contributing to the profit, are ready to be redeemed and fully guarantee the liquidity of assets. In addition, the share of non-supreme assets (capital plans, trust rights, etc.) following the split of Ningpo Bank is 20.9%, which is relatively low in the city ' s comptoirs, depending on the investment-type asset allocation profile.
Debt end structure: 1) deposits are higher and demand ratios are higher. Ningpo bank deposits are currently as high as 61.71% and are higher in comparable banks. 17HNingpo bank deposits are as high as 50.56%, the highest in comparable banks, and the advantage of low-cost liabilities is evident. 2) peer debt ratios are declining steadily, and peer certificates are being incorporated into peer liability appraisals.
In 17 years, Ningpo Bank has continued to reduce its corporate debt by 3 billion, q3 declining its size to 13.42 per cent. The balance of unexpired bank statements (wind data) at the end of September was approximately 131.1 billion, almost at the same level as at the end of June; overall, its “cooperity + peer liability ratio” was less than 29 per cent, and it was at a lower level than comparable banks, meeting less than 33 per cent.
Under the new liquidity regulations, there is little pressure to meet the standards. In the Commercial Bank Liquidity Risk Management Approach (pilot), recently released by the Bank ' s Supervisory Board, a liquidity matching rate target of no less than 100% by the end of the year has been proposed to regulate the maturity mismatch of banking operations.
Our rough estimates show that the liquidity matching rate for Ningpo Bank is currently slightly below 100%, expected to meet the target, there is little room for profit release, and the availability of recapitalization to complete timely replenishment, which also opens the space for Ningpo Bank to grow in the future.
Power, wind control, and performance growth should be valued at a premium. Taking into account the performance of banks, we believe that, after comparing the roe index, the level of valuation of leading banks in the market, 18 years of reasonable valuation of Ningpo Bank, each of the net assets that we usually use in the valuation method, does not actually fully consider the bank's provision.
Accumulated value. 17q3 Ningbo Bank has a provision coverage level of 43%, which is well above the average of 212% of the city comptoirs announced by the Bank and has a high risk resilience. On the basis of the data base of the calculated profit acceleration 1 (the city comptoir's provision coverage level is transferred to 212%) we further measure the data on the net assets per share.
(bvps1) and the corresponding valuation level (pb1).17 The net asset bvps1 per unit adjusted by Bank Ningpo was $10.64/unit, an increase of $1.09 per unit per unit of net assets calculated in the statement, an increase of 11.4 per cent compared to the comparable silver bank valuation difference.
1) The higher number of customers of SMEs in firms or the higher economic profile, with increased volatility likely to lead to a shift in investment style if the region ' s economy accelerates down and the profitability of firms declines significantly, leading to deterioration in asset quality, which may seriously drag on the banking regulatory effort, which may have a negative impact on market sentiment;
4) Refinancing is slow and conversions are not as fast as expected. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee