The impact of short-term repairs has gradually diminished, and industrial integration has contributed to the release of dynamic energy for corporate growth Events: On the evening of 22 August 2024, Helium petrochemicals released its semi-annual report for 2024. In the first half of 2024, the company achieved gross operating income of $112,596 million, an increase of 2.87 per cent, compared with 2.87 per cent in the first half of the year; net repatriation was achieved
Helium petrochemicals (600,346.sh) profits of $4.018 billion, an increase of 31.77 per cent over the same period; net profit of $3.542 billion for the realization of non-retroactivity to the mother, with a smooth overall operation of the cost end, with short-term repairs by the company or non-reform of long-term growth kinetic energy released.
In the first half of the year, overall oil prices showed a sharp rise and retreated steadily, supported by tightening supply, rising ground-based risk premiums and upswings in refinery operations during the first quarter; and, in the second quarter, high inflation in the United States, weakening United States macroeconomic data and adding to the June OPC+ resolution.
The beginning of a gradual increase in production in the fourth quarter led to a steady fall in oil prices, which in the first half of the year were generally in a state of medium-high shock, with the average Brent oil price increasing by 4 per cent in the first half of the year, and the company ' s crude oil purchase cost rising by 5.5 per cent in the first half of the year, but due to the coal price as a whole.
Continuing to be good, profits are rising steadily, and constant refining under the flag, silicon petrochemicals (Daren), Helium plant overhauls have caused some delays in second-quarter profits, but some of the devices have been technologically optimized, have been upgraded, have effectively increased operating efficiency and production stability, and the company's long-term growth dynamics are expected to diminish.
Industry integration is expected to accelerate, and the company’s industrial chain continues to grow deeper. According to the National Development Reform \triangleright Commission, 2 million tonnes/year and below will continue to be promoted in the future.
By the end of 2023, the country had a total of 936 million tons of refined oil production and, at the request of the National Development Reform Commission, would continue to promote the orderly phase-out of 2 million tonnes/year and below of normal pressure relief devices that are not in line with the country's industrial policy.
The refining capacity standard for enterprises under this category can accumulate more than 40 million tons per year, considering that by 2024 and 2025 the planned additional refining capacity will reach 31 million tons and 23 million tons, respectively, and that by 2025 the total processing capacity of China ' s crude oil will remain at 1 billion tons per year.
We believe that in the future, the process of industrial transformation is expected to continue at an advanced pace. The company, as the leader of the process, has taken the lead in prioritizing the vertical extension of the industrial chain, with the company ' s 1.6 million tonnes/year high performance resin and new materials project, estimated at 2024.
Full commissioning was achieved in the second half of the year, with the refined chemical project focusing on the downstream extension of the carbon-diverse industry chain and the improvement of the coal industry-related production capacity; the 12 linear functional thin film project at the Sioux Lake base of the company was launched, and the 12 linear functional film projects and the lithium diaphragm project at the South Tong base were steadily implemented.
In progress, the project is expected to be fully operational by the first half of 2025, and the second largest increase in company performance is in the volume of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Min Munxi Street A127 in Beijing City West.
Annual equity allocation in 2023, with a gold dividend of $0.55 (including taxes) per share, for a total of upscaling of equity payments, enhancement of shareholder returns, acceleration of industry integration in the future, further improvement of the climate, consolidation of new company projects, long-term investment value of the company or future.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we predict that the company's net return profits for 2024-2026 will increase at an expected rate of growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company, respectively. Risk factors: the risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; and lower-than-expected profitability of polyester fibres
\triangleright Risk; Risk of excess refining capacity; and Risk of new production capacity not performing as expected. Kwang Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager, Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, China ' s Geo-Mine Economics
Member of the Committee, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COIAP), and for over a decade, working on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey Planning and Development Research, Revision of Coal Industry Technology Policy and Enterprise-related Advisory Issues, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Honghwang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant director at the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Central and Specialized Carbon Research Committee of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences, research on energy transformation, carbon neutrality, petrochemical industry development, etc., and led research on medium and long-term projections of energy consumption.
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Master of Financial Sciences, University of Southwest Finance and Economics. In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical components that are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.