Helium petrochemicals (600346.sh) Other petrochemicals
There has been a steady increase in performance, with a greater increase in the sales of new materials. Companies have strengthened resource integration, improved marketing synergies, and a timely combination of price fluctuations in raw materials and changes in market demand, giving priority to higher-efficiency production Market data: 22 August 2024
To ensure efficient co-operation of all major industrial parks of refining, petrochemical, chemical and new materials, maintaining a balance of production and sales of the highest/minimum amounts in the year of sale:
Most of the main products in the first half of the year were higher and the Māori rate improved. According to information from the crowd, the first half of the year was a market value for the flowa share (billions): new material production could be phased in to create a second growth pole. The company had 1.6 million tons of high-performance trees per year.
The lipid and new materials project, which is expected to be fully operational in the second half of 2024, focuses on the downstream extension of the carbon binary chain and on the improved performance of the coal industry.
The Membrane Project is progressing steadily, and the project is expected to be fully operational by the first half of 2025. The completion of the project will provide a solid basis for the construction of a new material-related project at the lake base and the South China Tong base, which will become the world’s largest-capacity and leading technology-based business of functional membrane materials.
The risk of oil price volatility: in a situation where crude oil prices fluctuate significantly, the price of downstream products will be triggered.
Volatility, in turn, affects the stability of the profitability of firms in the industry. Demand recovery is not as risky as expected: downstream demand recovery is slower, market demand support is inadequate, and production demand downstream is less than expected.
There is a reasonable basis for a new project to be built that is not as fast as expected. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status or trust in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.