Helium petrochemicals (600346): performance is stable, second-growth extremes > pta and new materials are released, energy costs are reduced, and the company's combined cost of “oil kerosene” is particularly high: the fractions show that 2024h1 refined products generated 45,997 million yuan, or 27 per cent, and sales are equal to -24 per cent to 85,503 million tons.
Ma Xiaoyu Coal averaged 710 yuan per ton, a 19.9 per cent decline in the same year, and crude oil averaged 4323 yuan per ton, a 5.5 per cent increase in the same year.
In the second half of 2024, including products such as biphenola, polycarbonate, electron dmc, isopropyl, ethanolamine, ethylamide, polymethyldehyde, acetic acid, ptmeg, etc., full production is expected to be completed; (b) Although the separation of the new material has been terminated but without prejudice to the advancement of the project under the flag, it is expected that the new material will become the most dynamic membrane material with the largest global production capacity and the leading technology in the process.
Enterprises, of which the 12 linear functional film projects at the Suzhou Lake Base have been put into production, the 12 additional linear film projects at the South Tong Base and the lithium diaphragm project are steadily moving forward, and the project is expected to be fully operational by the first half of 2025. Cash flow returns are good, and cash distribution for 2023 has been completed: longitudinal refining has a pre-emptive advantage and installation capacity is stable.
The return on cash flows has been good, with monetary funds of more than $15 billion since 2019, and 2024h1 to $21,289 million. The company was awarded an annual equity allocation in 2023, with a gold dividend of $0.55 (including taxes) per share, totalling $3,871 million (including taxes) and a dividends payment rate of 56.07 per cent. Since the re-marketing in 2016, helium petrochemicals have paid a total cash fraction of 223.71.
The price is still very profitable and the bonus rate is high, and we view the company's long-term cash flow, which is growing steadily, and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Appendices to the long-term layout, leading to the new growth of the material: three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, careful presentation of research findings, and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.