[Contacts Deep] Special transformer (600089): include msci, value revalued in due course.
In 2016, the power grid won the highest bid in the industry, and the domestic market in the power transfer industry signed an agreement on the amount of the order.
22.3 billion yuan in electrical equipment and new energy industry research teams; companies stepped up the “out” pace around the country's “one-way” strategy, international markets contracted new breakthroughs and, by the end of 2016, the company's international system integration operations
The amount of the contract for the outstanding revenue and pending projects is in the process of being implemented in excess of US$ 5 billion.
During the 13th Five-Year Plan, our super-high-pressure construction will continue to accelerate, running through the entire five-year plan. According to the national electricity grid budget, up to 700 billion yuan is expected to be invested in hyper-high-pressure construction by 2020.
Voyan (kW), which in general will generate nearly trillion dollars in market growth for the complementary industries such as electricity, and the “one-way” economic zone, which covers 26 countries and regions along the border, has a “one-way” outbreak of overseas operations, with a total population of nearly 4.4 billion people.
63% of the world ' s population; the size of the economy is $21 trillion, or 29% of the global economy. The Department ' s overseas operations have grown rapidly in recent years, with overseas revenues rising from $2,931 billion in 2012.
The current stock price of the super transformer is clearly at the bottom of history, and the value of the company is undervalued (comparable with the cross-references corresponding to the same point in time) and, as of 14 July 2017, the company Pe was only strong and was upstream in the transmission and distribution industry, but valued lower than the industry.
In the next five years, the total investment in ultra-high pressure will be 700 billion yuan, in grids of not less than 1.7 trillion and in agricultural networks of more than 700 billion; at the end of 2020, solar power plants reached 110gw or more;
Revenues from the new energy industry and from overseas operations have remained high.a The share has been incorporated into the msci index, and the company has become one of the only three component shares of the electrical equipment plate: “One way” – the initiative to consolidate the construction of the global energy Internet has created vast market space for companies.
The pace of overseas infrastructure development has slowed; competition in the primary equipment market has intensified; the “national team” has been reduced, transformer taps have been reduced, deep-deep transmission to power chains (i) the three main players in the company have moved in tandem.
The super transformer is China’s leader in the field of transmission and transformation of electricity, and is the core of the country’s major equipment-making business. The company’s development of the transmission and distribution industries is based on research and development of electrical appliances, conversion grids, distribution grids and equipment packages, and the construction of epc in and out of China, which has made a huge contribution to the construction of our power grids and super-high-voltage grids in recent years.
In addition, the company has seized the opportunity of our electricity market reform by investing in the Changi 2*350mw cogeneration project, the Xinjiang Xinjiang North Sea Bay 1 Power Plant 2*660mw pit power station (currently under construction), the cogeneration and pit pit power station, which is a new energy-efficient and efficient generation model encouraged by the country, and the company is accelerating its new deployment in the field of energy;
With regard to new energy sources, the company has built itself into a national strategic plan for new energy sources, developed large-power solar photovoltaic power systems and core technologies, such as photovoltaic components, and invested in multiple crystalline silicon and wind farm construction projects. According to the market, the research institute Hismarkit ranked the global photovoltaic power station epc in 2016.
The company will gradually transition to a new energy system in the future. (ii) The conservator industry leads, the deep layout powered whole-of-industry chain, the super transformer is the absolute leader in the domestic transformer industry, and the company owns more than 70 years of transformers and more than 60 years of wires.
Cables are the first in China in the history of cable manufacturing and in the development of transmission and distribution equipment. Companies are very strong in the area of transformers segmentation, with annual production of 250 million kVA in 2014, the number one in Asia and the top three in the world.
The first enterprise group to acquire the Chinese brand name and the Chinese brand name product has a good industry reputation and brand name, both domestically and even globally. Special transformer transformers have a full range of products, covering a wide range of uses and high- and medium-voltage products in the market.
The product series of the company transformers is divided into direct/communication transformers, electrical resisters, sensors and accessories such as tubes, switches, etc. The product of the transformer can be broken down into direct current transformers, exchange grid transformers, power plant transformers, on-site assembly transformers, electrical distributors, industrial special transformers, railway tractors, etc.
Figure 3: List of selected products of transformers for transformers. Corporate transformers are at a high level of global leadership and scientific research. The company owns a national centre for enterprise technology, an engineering laboratory, a postdoctoral research station, and has received a national prize for scientific and technological progress (the State).
In recent years, companies have taken on a number of national 863 topics, science and technology support programmes and research projects, and have been involved in a number of national industries.
and the development of the country ' s major equipment manufacturing rejuvenation of the country ' s first production (set) product, which completed 1,000 kv of high-voltage transistors and electrical resisters, ~500~800kv direct current transformers, 750kv transformers and electrical resisters, 500kv controlled electrical resisters and voltage currents sensors, 750kv~1,000kv amplifiers, million kW generators main transformers,
The development of products such as millions of kilowatts of large hydropower, fire power, major transformers with nuclear power, etc., has accumulated extensive experience in product testing and achieved a number of major breakthroughs in core and critical technologies. As of 2016, the company ~ 1100kv transformer R & D manufacturing base has been built, and new energy-saving transformer R & D manufacturing projects have been launched.
The utility cable product has a low rate of Maori and the transmission package epc has a new bright spot: in addition to transformers, the company has a deep layout of the cable operation on the transmission and distribution chain. The company cable product is divided into high-pressure, low- and medium-pressure cable products, equipped cables and specially designed for ultra-high-pressure use.
Figure 5: A list of new cable parts of the special transformer
Magnitude parent wire, copper-shielded high-pressure cable coating: special on ultra-high-pressure lines for transmission
Painting: high-voltage power transmission lines applied to complex electromagnetic environments
Parameters range: Specification 150-3500nm2, voltage level 66-500kv pvc power cable General rubber line
Paint: widely applied to power distribution networks Paint: applied to mobile machines Point: good bendability, good grinding, high resilience
Range of parameters: specification 2.5-1600mm2, voltage level 35kv and the following: Xinjiang Changji, Shandong Taian, Sichuan Deokyang
The relatively low threshold of the Xinjiang Changji, Shandong Taian, Sichuan Deyang cable industry has resulted in a large number of industry entrants and a low Māori ratio of products. According to the data from the industrial network, the number of electricity cable companies in 2015 exceeded 10,000, of which more than 90% were small and medium-sized.
Industry, with a more fragmented industry pattern and increased competition, has led to a decline in the overall Māori rate in the industry, with an average Māori rate of 10.51 per cent in 2015, influenced by the industry, and a special electrician ' s revenue from the operation of electrical cable products in 2015 of $5.174 billion, or 11.29 per cent. By 2016, however, the company had been able to produce, control and control costs, together with an increase in Māori for its export products.
A percentage point, a certain amount of profitability is released. But, compared to companies' new energy, transformers, etc., cable cable is still relatively low in figure 7: Māori rates for cable products are still low, thanks to the acceleration of national grid investment, especially in super-high-voltage construction, and the company's transmission package has been running in recent years.
The business income from the company ' s transmission and conversion package operation in 2015 was $5,957 million, an increase of 70.78 per cent, while in 2016 it was $5,160 million, a decrease of 13.38 per cent in the same year, due mainly to the reduction in the revenue recognized by the project and the fact that the new transmission package had not yet been signed on a large scale, in line with the progress of the project
Work started, but the Māori rate increased by 1.02 percentage points from the previous year, increasing profitability. Given the availability of single items, the company’s transmission package will continue to be released in the future.
For the future growth of the power transmission industry, we believe that it will derive mainly from the increase in the speed of our super-high-voltage construction, the increase in demand for the associated high-voltage transmission transformer equipment. For horizontal comparisons, the market for high-school voltage transformers is fragmented, the market is highly competitive, leading to a lower Māori rate for its own products; and the high-voltage transformer market has a higher threshold, fewer competitors, and the product is more profitable.
High, large purchase orders have a greater impact on corporate profits. Taken together, the bright future of the company ' s transmission grid is about the structural growth of the company ' s product benefits under a clear increase in ultra-high voltage transmission, so we will also focus on collating the market space for our super-voltage transformers with the current pattern.
Most of the transmission grids in the country are high voltage grids, with voltage ranging from 110 to 220kv; long-range transmissions use hypervoltage grids with voltage ranging from 330kv to 500kv to 750kv exchange grids. The ultra-high voltage grid refers to 1,000kv exchange grids or 2,800kv direct-flow grids, the greatest advantage of which is high capacity, long-range, low-depletion transmission.
The exchange power is more than 5 million kW, which is five times the 500 kV super-high voltage transmission line; the power supply is more than 7 million kW, which is 2.4 times the power line, which is more than 500 kV super-high voltage. The difference between the transmission of ultra-high voltage and the transmission of communication is that both the direct flow and the communication of ultra-high voltage are applicable to long-distance transmissions.
The loss of direct transmission lines is relatively low, but due to physical stress difficulties, it is only appropriate for the “point-point” to be far away from the transmission of electricity; whereas the exchange voltage is simple, it can be dropped in the middle, connected to the transmission, and drained, and it is appropriate for long-range transmissions in the area of coverage with a high degree of power consumption, which is more in line with the definition of the “grid”, given the geographical distribution of the transmission.
The factors vary from region to region, and we are now using ultra-high-voltage straight currents, communication and complementary construction. (i) The need to build a super-high-voltage grid, which generally addresses the problem of electricity use difficulties and is based on an increase in the amount of electricity used by society and the use of the power charge.
In this regard, the demand for electricity in our society is affected by the macro-environmental impact, which is in a downward state, with a total of 591.98 billion kilowatt-hours in 2016, which is 6.6 per cent higher than in the previous year, so that the construction of the ultra-high voltage grid is not driven by an increase in demand, but rather by a solution to the country ' s current remote northwest.
The problem of energy export difficulties in new energy sources in the region, with the ultimate aim of increasing the share of clean energy consumption in the country, reducing fossil energy consumption and improving air pollution, is a strategic deployment for long-term social development.1 Increasing air pollution makes it imperative to increase the share of non-fossil energy consumption.
Our country is a multi-coal nation, where coal has long been the main source of energy consumption, and where the rapid social growth and long-term dependence on fossil energy have caused serious pollution of the air. In December last year, there was a severe haze in China’s northern, yellow and western regions, with an area of approximately 750,000 square kilometres and a continuing trend of expansion, with the central meteorological station continuing.
In terms of policy, we can also see the government’s decision to reduce fossil energy consumption and increase non-fossil energy consumption.
On November 7, 2016, the National Energy Authority issued the “13th Five-Year Plan for Electricity Development” which calls for an increase of 250 million kilowatts in the non-fossil energy target of 7.7 billion kilowatts by 2020 compared to the 2015 installed capacity: the demand for coal power plants is 59%; and there is an urgent need to improve the status quo of “discarding” of new energy sources in the northwest.
The vast, vast north-western region of the country, with a flat terrain, full light and low population density, is the preferred place for the construction of large wind and photovoltaic farms, so that our wind, photovoltaic and new energy layouts are largely focused on the north-west, most of which are built in Gansu and Ningxia.
In 2016, our wind and power plant accumulated a total of 148.64gw, an increase of 14.92% over the same year, a new photovoltaic load of more than 30gw, an increase of 128.29% over the same year, and an increase in investment enthusiasm. At the same time, the rapid pace of industrial development has not been accompanied by a parallel development in connection with the construction of power lines, and the distance between the northwest power source and the consumption centre in the east has created the current new energy generation.
According to the National Energy Agency, in 2016, wind power generation in the five northwest provinces was 52.464 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh).
It accounts for 8.4 per cent of the total electricity generated by the entire network; during the 1424 hours used, wind disposal was 26,225 million kWh, with 33.34 per cent. In the five north-west provinces, Gansu, Xinjiang and Ningxia were the most active, with a rate of 43.11 per cent, 38.37 per cent and 13.05 per cent respectively. In addition, the rate of wind disposal was 6.61 per cent in Shaanxi and no wind restrictions in Qinghai.
In the five provinces of the north-west, Xinjiang and Gansu light volts are more difficult to generate, with a rate of 32.23% and 30.45%. In addition, Ningxia's rate of 7.15%, Qinghai's rate of 8.33%, and Shaanxi's first rate of light-restricted electricity, with a rate of 6.89%.
Compared to the market, where 5 per cent is generally considered a reasonable value for the disposal of wind and light power, there is currently a significant amount of waste of electricity, and the use of resources is highly unreasonable.
Figure 18: Discharge of light power and wind in the north-western five provinces of 2016 (ii) Accelerator of super-high voltage grid construction and full benefit from transmission of transformable equipment with the goal of overcoming fog and venting of wind and light, officially since 2014 after many years of validation
The National Action Plan for the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution planned four ultra-high-pressure straight flow lines and four ultra-high-pressure communication lines, known as the "four-way four-way" project, with a total of 12,000 km of line length, with a total investment of $173.7 billion. The full scope of the project was launched in January 2016.
During the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan, our super-high-pressure construction will continue to maintain momentum and will run through the entire five-year plan. The national grid “13th-five” super-high-pressure plan will be broadly divided into three phases: first, accelerated construction of the “five-to-eight” super-high-pressure project;
The construction of the super-high-pressure grid is to be strengthened and improved by the construction of the super-high-pressure fence planned for the construction of the 13th Five-Year Plan by 2020. According to the national electricity grid budget, the super-high-pressure investment is expected to reach $700 billion by 2020 and the super-high-pressure construction line is to be improved by 2020.
In total, it will exceed 30, with 89,000 kilometres in length and 780 million kVA (kW) in transformer capacity, and will result in an overall market increase of nearly trillion kVA (kW) for ancillary industries, such as power sources. Special high voltage is measured in the domestic market space of the main transmission equipment: in the construction of ultra-high-pressure lines, the core transmission of transformer equipment will take place.
The cost of ultra-high voltage transmission equipment, according to public information, is as follows:
The electricity construction ratio is 11:12, and the ratio of direct flow/communication ultra-high voltage investment by 2020 is staticly analysed (the same mile range direct/communication line investment gap is not large), and we conservatively assume a total investment of 700 billion, a direct transmission from ultra-high voltage of about 335 billion yuan, and a transmission of about 365 billion yuan, of which the transformer will increase by 54.8 billion yuan and the resister will increase by 54.8 billion yuan.
For $27.4 billion, the current transformer increase is $55.3 billion. (iii) The pattern of the super-high voltage transmission market is stable, and the market for super-voltagers is prominent.
The first is the high industry threshold for ultra-high voltage transmission per se, with fewer market players; and the second is that super-voltage has now become one of the country's “high iron” and “nuclear power” branding industries, with a few powerful companies with government support growing advantage, with more difficult entry by outsiders, high concentration by industry and stable patterns.
In the area of ultra-high voltage exchange transformers and direct-flow transformers, the four main poles of super-voltage, Shandong Power, Conservative Electric, and Central-West Power have a significant advantage in market ownership, with special-changers in the area of exchange transformers, with a market share of 19 per cent of direct-flow transformers and 28 per cent of lead industries in 2015-2016/12.
Figure 23: Market patterns for the super-high-pressure switch transformer 2015 - 2016/12, based on the above-mentioned market occupancy assumptions, is also our annual profit for the period of the company ' s ultra-high-voltage transformer plate "135"
Rough contributions are measured staticly: exchange transformers contribute $10.4 billion, electrical resisters contribute $4.3 billion, direct flow transformers $15.5 billion, for a total of $30.2 billion. Special high voltage transformers have a higher Māori rate than conventional transformers, companies currently have a Māl 23% of transmission transformer plates, and Māori rates are expected to rise to over 25% in the future, conservatively estimated.
During the 13th Five-Year Plan, high-voltage transmission plates will contribute about $7.6 billion to the company, with huge profit margins. Thirdly, one-way-a-way-a-way-a-way-a-way-a-way-a-way economic feasts will be shared by the transmission-a-way-a-way-a-way-a-way companies.
On March 28, 2015, the National Development Reform Commission, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Commerce jointly launched the Vision and Action for the Joint Construction of the Silk Road Economic Zone and the Sea Silk Road of the 21st Century, which mark the platform for bilateral regional cooperation with China as the mainstay.
Figure 25: “Accompanied” policy principle concept: “Accompanied” economic zones cover 26 countries and regions along the line, with a total population of nearly 4.4 billion, or 63 per cent of the global population: 21 trillion United States dollars, or 29 per cent of the global economy: exports of goods and services account for the global economy
23.9%. With such a huge size, China will be the centre of cooperation and joint development in a number of areas, including infrastructure, finance, transport, electricity, among others, where opportunities for development are very rare. The “one-way” policy is undoubtedly a “one-way” growth agent for the electricity sector.
More than 1,437 million kilowatts of power installed by the United States as the world’s largest power power powering powerhouse, most of the countries in the “one-way” economic zone are developing countries, where electricity equipment is poor and less developed, and where basic electricity is difficult to secure during peak power periods (especially summer temperatures in South-East Asia, such as India).
Countries such as Tan and Indonesia have only 0.1-0.25kw per capita installed capacity, with several times the difference between the global per capita installed capacity of 0.86kw, and even more so between Europe and the advanced countries of the United States. Countries rely on “one-way” development opportunities to increase their cooperation with China in the area of power and infrastructure development, which is an excellent opportunity for China’s power generation and transmission and transformation industries.
The electricity shortage is not the only problem in these countries, and the old transmission and distribution lines and the high rate of power consumption are also important factors impeding the region’s electricity growth. In India, for example, there have been several major large-scale power outages in India’s history, the most recent of which occurred in July 2012, when India’s three main power grids collapsed, and more than half of the country’s electricity supply.
India’s overall power loss in 2012 was 21.03%, which is 3.14 times that of China during the same period. In India, the government sought to change the current situation, mentioning in the national plan (2017-2022) that $250 billion will be invested in electricity, $50 billion in electricity transmission and distribution, and the target is to reduce India’s power loss to 18% by 2022.
With the “one-way” policy in progress, Chinese firms may be sharing the dividends of the lagging growth of the overseas transmission and distribution market. (ii) The growth of the ad hoc electricians’ overseas portfolio has been strong, looking forward to sustained growth.
The annual International System Integration Operations of Companies is implementing contracts with over $5 billion for unacknowledged revenue and pending projects, and the company’s overseas operations are still growing at a high rate. The company has been involved in Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, the Philippines, Pakistan, South Asia, and Zambe, Africa.
Power planning, power supply, grid construction, surveying, design, construction, installation, commissioning, training, operation and maintenance of integrated turnkey engineering and systems solutions in more than a dozen countries, including Asia, Kenya and Angola, with its headquarters located in Xinjiang, the western gate of our “silk route”, and the mineral resources of Central Asia, however, are abundant.
The company, based on its regional advantages and in close cooperation with the Central Asian countries, has completed six projects for the distribution and distribution of electricity in the Central Asian region.
(b) The company's construction of the Pythagoka 1 kmin transmission project in Kyrgyzstan, covering 405 km north-south of the country, was completed in August 2015 and is operating safely and securely to help the country complete its electricity independence.
Figure 32: Pythago-Kmin 500kv transmission of electricity in Kyrgyzstan Growth sustainability: company overseas orders are sufficient, with an overseas order of almost $1 billion in 2015, and a contract agreement was signed in October 2016 between the company and Dhaka Electricity Distribution Limited in Bangladesh to build a regional grid system in Dhaka
The extension and upgrading project, with contracts of $1,658 million, or approximately RMB 11,104 million, ranks first in the industry in terms of the company ' s successful bid for grid concentration in 2016, with orders in the domestic market for the transmission and transformation industries amounting to approximately RMB 22.3 billion; the company has stepped up the "go-out" process around the country ' s "one-way" strategy, and international
Market contracting has made a new breakthrough, and by the end of 2016, the company ' s international system integration operation was implementing more than $5 billion in unacknowledged revenue and pending projects. We believe that, with the continued development of the “one-way” policy, the company 's transmission and distribution operations in countries such as South Asia will be expected to grow again, taking into account the company ' s overseas industries.
In addition, the company has now invested $940 million in the construction of the first overseas science and technology research and development base, an Indian super-pressure research and production base, which will be used in the future as a platform for overseas business springboards, to help the company to transform advanced technology overseas, and to sustain the company's overseas engineering drive.
The company's current valuation is at the bottom of its history, and the "buy-in" point reveals the trend in the company's 2014/7-2017/7 history, p.p.b., and the current stock price of the transformer is clearly in the past.
Out, it's also upstream in the transmission and distribution industry, and the valuation is significantly lower than that of the industry. The low-value advantage of the super-high-powerer is evident when the high-growth period is sufficiently high.
The high-pressure construction has not advanced as expected, and the “one-way-by-the-way” policy has not been as successful as expected in the company’s overseas business development. Summer and autumn: United States Master of Economics, texasa&muniversity, joined the Chinese Department of Securities and Investment in February 2015 as project manager, plus August 2016.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.