The first half of the year saw a decline in performance and positive developments in the layout of the new business: in recent days, Deguyswig released his semi-annual report for 2018, with the company achieving operating income of 2.860 billion yuan in the first half of the year, a decrease of 8.75 per cent compared to the previous half; and his parent company, Desai Siwe (0029220.sz)
The net profit of shareholders was $287 million, a decrease of 19.75 per cent in the same year; net profit of $263 million, a decrease of 25.81 per cent, a reduction in the same year, was realized; performance was under pressure, and research and development inputs remained high. Companies experienced a decline in their net interest rates for the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the slow growth of the domestic passenger market in the first half of the year and the decline in the sale of part of the company ' s back-to-back model, and the decline in net profit of the parent was mainly due to the company ' s further increase in its intellectual driving and car connection.
R & D investment in such technologies has led to an increase in R & D costs (R & D investment in the first half of the year amounted to $240 million, or 8.5 per cent of the total revenue, an increase of 26.75 per cent over the same period). In terms of product classification, only a small increase of 2.68 per cent in revenue from car-borne entertainment systems has been achieved, with income from other product categories falling to varying degrees. In terms of key financial indicators, corporate M & A rates and net interest rates have remained stable in the first half of the year, and only the administrative cost rates of the three rates have increased significantly as a result of the continued growth in relevant R & D inputs.
In June, the company released a new \triangleright replacement smart cockpit, with a multi-sized, interactive body control touchscreen and holograms, and now it has an order for a smart cockpit project.
In the area of driving key spare parts, the company ' s high-definition cameras and high-quality clairvoyant systems have been produced in quantities, and new products such as HDWS, t-box, have received a number of new international and home brand project orders; full automatic parking is expected to be produced and delivered to customers during the year; the millimeter wave radar production line has been completed and is in a state of volume production.
In the broader context of the slow growth of the domestic car market, companies look to the future and build on existing niches to create a new competitive advantage through a proactive approach to car intelligence and networking. In the short term, higher R & D inputs can be a drag on the company’s profitability level, but in terms of the progress made, it is clear that the country’s current progress has been significant.
With the successful implementation of the production volume and related orders, the research assistant of Wang Sayu is expected to bring new support to the company’s performance.
Risk factors: less than expected growth of the automobile industry; less than expected risk of technology development; higher risk of customer concentration.
In 2007, he joined the Sinda Portfolio for computer research. Zai Jin, Beijing University National Development Institute, ba, used to be the world’s 500-strong American company, Nokia, Finland, for cellular research and development, and laboratory management.
Yuan Haiwoo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics and Master of Condensed Physics. Joined Sunda Securities in 2016 for research in the computer industry. Wang Jooyu, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.