(a) Computer/computer applications (0029220.sz) Biannual performance pressure, companies actively exploring domestic and international markets for the first six months of performance pressure, and companies increasing their investment in research and development for new technologies such as smart driving, car networking, etc.
The main reasons for the decline in net profits and net profits were the slow growth in the domestic car market, the decline in the sale of part of the company ' s auxiliary models, and the further growth in the company ' s market for new technologies such as smart driving, car networking and the continuation of a small increase in the Chinese automobile market of 2018h1 and the emergence of a new performance growth point in the automotive electronics sector.
In the first half of 2018, China's automobile market continued its modest growth. According to the Chinese Automobile Industry Association, a total of 1,177,500 vehicles were sold by car in January-June 2018, an increase of 4.64 per cent over the same period.
On the other hand, with car transformation, technological innovation, and the addition of more cross-industry competitors, competition in the car electronics sector has intensified, challenges and opportunities are shared. • Corporate smart cockpit and car connections are actively opening up domestic and international markets
In June 2018, the park vehicle carrying the company ' s autopilot technology was in a test area in the Xinjiang district of Hunanjiang, where the company formally signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Peng car, which worked together on the development of a product for the intelligent driving of a car, class 193, and was manufactured and produced by Desai Siwei.
A powerful smart-driving computing platform takes a solid step toward auto-driving at the level of 1.3. The Division invests in investing more in car networking, building up a controlled enterprise for the development and integration of car-networking applications, the Urban Cartoon Technology Ltd., scaling up the development of cybersecurity technology, and combining domestic and international technology capital.
Source, Rapidly Advance Car Networking Strategy deployment, and a Car Networking Strategy has been issued, “Synergizing Innovation, Flexibility and Efficiency, Making The Annual Report Worked As Expected, “Internationalizing Local” Wars Safe, Temperatured Union Motor Products and Services.” Companies are ensuring existing markets.
In the context of a little fast-tracking and business stability, companies have been active in expanding their domestic and foreign markets, opening up a number of new energy vehicles.
New clients, including companies, have been awarded new project orders from a number of new and old clients, including one-brow, upper-breath drive, car electron taps for a new phase, common, Gilly, Chang An, etc.