The military industry has come to an era of gold, new energy and integrated product markets. The company is the country's leader in the field of military connectors, occupying an absolute market share in the fields of aviation, ships, etc., and is a national technology leader and standard-setter. In the area of new energy vehicles, the company connector.
More than a third of the market share, and as the market for new energy cars matures and expands, the company’s operating income in this area will also grow rapidly. Integrated products have been applied in areas such as large aircraft, growing fast, Maori high, and will become a new profit growth point for companies.
National leaders in the field of military connectors: companies account for an absolute share in the field of military connectors, and domestic military-industrial connector manufacturers are mostly from different military-industrial systems, most of which are used in a certain field of military-industrial applications.
The field is also in the vanguard, with a wide variety of products and distribution, and is a provider of systems solutions that are rare in the field of connectors. With the bulk of our weapons and equipment production, the company’s military industry has ushered in the golden age and is expected to maintain a high growth rate of more than 20% over the next three years.
Leading and standard-setters in the area of new energy car connections in the country: companies, with their strong technological advantage, occupy more than a third of the market share in the area of new energy car connections.
The combination of integrated products has a clear advantage and will become a new profit growth point: IPC products bring together many of the products and technologies of the Department and are a reflection of the technological strength of the company.
It has been applied to large aircraft, and in the future companies will be active in the area of integrated products, which will become a new profit growth point, using the market price as of 21 April 2017. The growth rate is expected to be more than 30% over the next three years.
The bulk production of large aircraft is not as fast as expected, and the arrival of 5g is not as fast as expected.
In 1971, the company completed its construction in Luoyang Yichuan County, Henan Province, formerly known as the Huakawa Electrical Plant, which is the main production ship.
The technical assistance provided by the workers assigned by the 117th plant (Hanyang Hyanghua now, acquired by China in 2007) allows for the production of 300,000 p-plugs per year, a single variety, small size, and difficulties for businesses. The relocation of Luoyang began in 1986 and the funds were self-financed and loaned by workers in 1994
All were relocated and renamed Luoyang Aviation Electrical Plant (no change in code). In 1999, the first production line was established.
The company has maintained a high rate of growth in its performance since it was listed, with operating income increasing 10,76 times over 10 years, and a compound growth rate, with subsidiaries, acquired through mergers and acquisitions. The company’s short-term expectation of no infusion of assets is a continuous and rapid one.
Direct major shareholders are China Aviation Science and Technology Industries Ltd., holding 41.57 per cent of the shares. In 2009, China Air Science and Technology Industries Ltd. exchanged 43.34 per cent of the share of the China PV with the Chinese PV with 54.51 per cent of the East An power held, and completed the direct control of the Chinese PV industry.
The group has become an indirect major shareholder, holding 44.49% of the company’s shares in indirect holdings. The company’s product structure is growing well, the market for beneficial connectors is growing, the market for global connectors is growing and China is growing the fastest.
The global connector market space has risen in volatility, and China ' s connector market space has been steadily rising, with a total global connection market of $54,163 million in 2016, with the Chinese region reaching $16,464 million, representing 30 per cent of the global market.
Figure 6. China’s total market for connectors continues to grow, and in 2011, at least, China became the region with the highest global sales of connectors and continued to grow with a strong lead. In 2016, China’s region accounted for 30.4% of the world’s sales, leading the second largest in North America.
The main products of the company include light, electro-connected components and components, cable components, system interconnection equipment, flow.
On April 24, 2017, the layout was reasonable and balanced between the present and the future.
High-end manufacturing areas such as communications networks, data centres, and cloud computing, where the company’s layout balances current and non-existent, based on military goods, and where future civilian goods will go beyond military goods. New energy vehicles, data centres, and cloud computing are just beginning, and there is much room for future development;
The telecommunications network industry has been upgraded as an industry for sustainable development, and according to the data published by Bishop&associates on the global connection market breakdown for 2014, military workers account for only 6.08 per cent of the total, while communications account for 20 per cent of the total, the second largest market share in connectionr applications;
It is the industry with the highest proportion of connectors, with 22.19%. The company has the highest share in the connector market, with two active cars and communications, higher private ceilings than the military industry, and better room for growth in the future.
The 2015 data show that the company’s operating income is ranked 7th in the Chinese region, and third in the country’s manufacturers, after Fushcon and Li Qing. The segmented areas have gained advantages, and the private sector has grown well.
Connectors, optical devices and PV equipment and cable components and integrated products are the company ' s main business. In 2016, the company made subject adjustments and added “subjects of fluid, dental and other products”, but the new subject represented a smaller share of income than business income. Connectors now account for 62%, the largest income.
The share of goods and integrated products is increasing, becoming a new income and profit growth point for companies.
There are limitations. China-based photovoltaics dominate in various military and industrial fields and have an absolute advantage in the aviation sector, where products are used in large aircraft, helicopters, fighter jets, early warning machines, etc., and account for more than 80% of the market share of the air connection market; they are also in the lead in the shipping industry.
It also has a market share of more than 50 per cent of its products; its products in the space field are widely applied to weapons systems, manned space systems, etc. According to the data from Bishop&associates, in the 2014 world market for military connectors, PV medium
China has increased its progress since 2012 from building one ship to building more than one ship a year.
The number of warships began to grow. In 2017, the first national carrier will be in the water, and China is expected to serve at least two carriers, and the large-scale service of the warships has also led to the growth of the connector market, based on the future needs of China, which is the gateway to the South China Sea and the East China Sea, and its desire for a nuclear carrier.
The Defense Weekly reveals a report from the US Naval Analysis Center that the number of Chinese warships will be the world’s number one by 2020. Around the world, the combined size of the US Army and Marine Corps is about 5,700 degrees, and China is far below US standards.
The number of helicopters will grow in the future with a fleet of at least 1,000 helicopters.j-20 fighter jets are projected to be loaded in the next few years, with a fleet of at least 1,000 helicopters expected to grow with a fleet of straight-20s.j
New-energy automobile sales have been rising, and public goods sales are expected to rise. Since 2014, new-energy cars have been increasing, reaching 507,000 vehicles in 2016, with a low rate of growth of more than 32% since 2013 and projected to reach 2020.
Tens of thousands of vehicles meet the cumulative sales target of 5 million vehicles set out in the 2012 State Department Development Plan for the Energy Conservation and New Energy Automobile Industry (2012-2020).
The Network of Officers of the Centre for the Technology of Middle-Air Vehicles issued a “Notification on the Adjustment of the Declaration of the Recommended Catalogue for the Extension of New Energy Vehicles”, which requires the re-cancellation of 2,193 vehicles for inclusion in the catalogue in 2016, and the first lists for 2017 were issued only on 23 January, 10 days later than in 2016 and new in January.
There was a sharp decline in the volume of energy cars. The rebound was completed in February, with sales in February and March higher than in the same period last year, and sales in the first quarter of 2017 exceeded sales in the first quarter of 2016, showing a high and low trend.
New-energy automobile sales are increasing, driving companies to higher incomes. Companies now account for about 40% of new-energy car connections, with companies earning around $2,000 to $3,000 in a passenger vehicle and about $5,000 to 6,000 in a commercial vehicle.
The number of new energy vehicles measured in figure 19 receives the number of commercial vehicles and the number of cars in use. One commercial vehicle receives an average value of $5,500 and one vehicle receives an average value of $2,500. Income = average number*. 24 April 2017
Companies are now also actively opening up international markets for new energy connectors, and companies established overseas in Germany in 2016 to open up new energy markets in Europe. Companies are now entering the European market for electric bicycles, providing indirectly for Tesla in 2016.
Four-g construction peaks have passed, and the growth of communications products is likely to slow down. The company’s communications products consist mainly of optical devices and photovoltaics, with China’s major customers, China’s central customers, and Chinese purchases account for more than one third of the company’s communications revenues.
In the past, the company experienced rapid growth in revenue from its communications operations, with a 4g build-up peak of more than one in 2015. Future revenues from its communications products may exceed those from new integrated products.
Electricity was awarded US$ 46.2 million in state support for the 56gbps (gbps mean gigabytes per second) high-speed connector project. The 56gbps high-speed connector is a key element necessary for the development of advanced communication technology and data network technology such as 5g mobile communications, supercomputers, etc.
Active outreach to international clients, keeping up the pace of performance. Companies are active in opening up new international customers, companies that used to supply small amounts of products to companies like Ericsson, Nokia, etc.
Global suppliers to companies like Nokia will increase their output, and integrated products will become new growth points, and revenues from integrated products will grow rapidly. Income from integrated products will rank third in the company, at 16.49 per cent, which is low.
2.4 percentage points in communications products. Integrating products have been growing at a high rate, with the rate of growth in communications products, and on April 24, 2017, figure 25. Cable components and ICs operating income and growth.
Integrator racks are mostly used in the area of large aircraft. Integrators, cables, liquid cold, etc., produce a variety of products, which are larger in volume and are mostly used in the area of large aircraft, such as c919 and ag600. Small aircraft, such as fighter jets, cannot use integrated products. Integrator products are highly integrated, technologically high, and a set of components.
The value of the product is over 5 million, and the use of a large aircraft is two to four packages of integrated products. Each business is more profitable and more profitable than distributed plugs and cables. With the production of large aircraft and transporters, the future generation of integrated products is more profitable.
At present, the company is actively expanding its domestic and foreign telecommunications operations, developing its cloud computing and domestic data room operations, with high-speed interconnectivity vpx and cpci cards, which can solve the problem of high-speed transmission.
So, a company’s liquid cooler tank can solve the heat evaporation problems caused by the current transition of electronic equipment to miniaturization, high power, and high integration. The combination of high-speed transmission plates and liquid cooling technologies creates a company’s combined advantage.
Figure 29. Liquefied cold products. Figure 30. Increased research and development, high-end industry.
Industrial base, project focused on the development of photovoltaic equipment with high technological content and high value added, liquid, high-speed and new energy electric vehicles and ancillary products. Three years of the construction cycle, it is expected that the new post-partum sales will reach $1.37 billion, yielding a profit of $200 million. New energy operations, high-speed connector operations and liquid cooling will be implemented.
In the future, the industry base will become a research and development manufacturing base for the company’s new business. Chart 31. Launching of the New Industry Base Foundation event.
32.49 per cent, mainly due to higher R&D costs. R&D costs increased by 43 per cent in 2016, and R&D accounts for more than 40 per cent of the high growth in R&D inputs of companies, indicating the importance that companies attach to R&D and the growing number of technical staff of companies.
Figure 32. The number of technicians in the company continued to grow in 2012-2016, in the fields of railing, electricity, oil, and medicine. The company also has layouts and actively develops liquid cooling equipment. In the field of railing, the company's main support signal transmission links.
In the field of electricity, companies can provide a full set of solutions for light, cable components, and devices, and companies have a technological lead in the area of high-voltage connectors. Products such as oil and company blast-resistant connectors are also widely used. In the medical field, companies actively deploy the field by acquiring PVs.
Since its listing in 2007, companies have actively expanded through the acquisition or establishment of subsidiaries.
According to the 2016 annual report, there are currently 14 subsidiaries, of which five are directly owned. There are two joint ventures.
Figure 35. Main operations of subsidiaries, consortia, and joint ventures.
Fushda lost profits. Fushda grew 6.08% of business income in 2016, Māori increased 2.53% in 2016, while net profits fell 31% in 2016. The net profit fell mainly because sales services, R&D costs, personnel wages, etc. increased by a total of $34.479 million over the previous year, thus affecting net profits.
In order to manage costs and sales costs, the financial costs increase significantly, but on a lower base. The increase in fees and workers’ wages is also mainly due to business expansion and non-business losses.
Large domestic aircraft are not as well developed as expected: c919 is flying at the very beginning, and while c919 may be able to tap into the trillion-degree aviation industry, issues such as security certification will take time, and progress may not be as expected and may affect the growth of integrated products.
The arrival of 5g is not as fast as expected: the construction peak of 4g has passed, the arrival of 5g will take time, and the transition period may affect the growth of corporate communications.
Space appliance (002025.ch/RMB 25.20, not rated) All figures in this report are rounded