Vanko (00002.sz) has a new environment in which the complex services are steaming up. Real estate markets are regulated, housing is divided, and the strong are always strong.
In the long run, the development of business other than sales is key to the transition to war. Real estate development and sales: land reserves are sufficient, and sales are good.
Property services: The industry continues to be a leader and technologically improved service. Companies offer “wise services” programmes to improve property management through Internet thinking and technology.
The business is called PARK Neighbour, which speeds up the process of entering the second-hand housing market.
As of the first half of 2018, the company's chief rented an apartment covering 30 major cities, with a cumulative acquisition of more than 160,000 rooms, a cumulative opening of more than 40,000 and six.
The average rental rate for projects over the month is about 92%.
The impact of innovation and new technologies on commercial real estate is becoming more evident. Companies have acquired the Indian power to integrate commercial real estate resources. As of the end of 2017, there were 172 Indian management business projects with a total surface of more than 10 million square metres.
Logistics property: 10,000 latitudes to build a high-priced warehouse for the acquisition of Pros to build a world’s leading logistics property. Electrics are pushing for the development of logistics property, and high-standard storage facilities are not available.
The business plates form a 10,000-latitude + Pros pattern. The 10,000-latitude location is high, deep-deep, cold-chain logistics. Pros have a monopoly on China’s logistics real estate market, while globalization has expanded to Europe.
Orbital + real estate: Vanko and Shenzhen subway advanced the tod model. Tod achieved a "triple win" in government, business and social benefits. Huanko worked with Deep Steel in the primary orbital exploration industry.
Investment proposals. Our drivers, key assumptions and major projections, based on considerations of corporate project reserves and the national real estate market, are:
(2) Settlement area: The settlement/completion rate has been around 0.9 per year in recent years, except for the 2017 project process, which is a smaller rate. Assuming no delay in 2018, the ratio has been maintained at 0.9. Based on the projected completion area, the settlement area is obtained. (3) Operating costs: of the inventory, those that have been completed and are under construction are the most likely to be settled and converted to the next year ' s operating cost.
The market believes that real estate enterprises are currently operating in difficult circumstances, and that development prospects are worrying. Our different view is that the future of real estate enterprises is mainly due to a lack of space for marketing.
There is also a large customer base for small-scale homes owned by companies, which will continue to benefit from the rapid process of urbanization in the country for some time. At the same time, companies are moving from developers to integrated service providers, and other businesses, such as long-term rental apartments, logistics, commercial properties, etc., have been set up to contribute to their long-term development.
While the company continues its development and marketing business, it quickly deploys other long-term business operations, including through acquisitions, and is fully prepared to move from developers to integrated service providers at the right time. Currently, the company develops operations that are profitable as a whole, have high liquidity, have low debt pressure, and have high cash flows associated with them, providing good performance growth.
Safeguards. There is much room for company development in the future, and we continue to give a “recommend” rating. (1) The performance of sales rose steadily in 2019. (2) The company acquired the logistics estate giant Pros, while the company acquired the logistics brand from an ancient cold chain.
(1) If real-estate prices fall significantly, it will reduce sales performance and thus affect corporate profitability. (2) If the financing environment deteriorates further, the company’s cost increases and profits may be affected.
Macroeconomics are on the off-the-shelf path, which has led to the containment of real-estate speculation and the establishment of long-term mechanisms for real-estate efficiency becoming new players in the industry, with tighter regulations and limited financing. The real-estate sector, as a capital-intensive industry, has been given the highest priority in financing, yet bank loans, bonds, etc. in the traditional financing channels of real-estate enterprises have been limited.
In June, a press conference was held by the National Development Commission, which announced that housing companies could not invest in domestic real estate projects and replenish operating funds. Meanwhile, under penetrating supervision, the channel of “non-target” financing, represented by trust, has been gradually narrowed.
In the last six months, land concessions have been introduced in various parts of the country, including restricted land prices, limited housing prices, competition for ownership, and competition for land concessions, where the price of land has reached a certain percentage of the opening price of open concessions, instead of competing for housing areas such as public rental housing, demolition of housing units or apartments of talent, with the aim of curbing the price of housing and fostering the supply of rental housing.
In the stock age, transformation is the key word. When a country has a home ownership rate of more than 65% and a per capita gdp is over $8,000.
The stock age, based on the circulation of second-hand houses and the management of housing assets, is about to begin. In this trend, the model of real-estate development has undergone major changes, and more and more developers have moved to the “light assets” route, incorporating asset management and branding exports into the corporate strategy.
Huanko Enterprises Ltd. was founded in 1984 and, after more than 30 years of development, has become the country’s leading urban and rural construction and life service provider, focusing its operations on the three most dynamic economic circles of the country’s economy and on key cities in the central and western parts of the country. In 2016, the company was ranked 356th on the list for the first time in Fortune, the world’s 500th largest, and again in 2017, in the list of 307th.
In 2017, the Shenzhen subway group became the group's first major shareholder, consistently supporting the mixed ownership structure of Huanko, supporting the strategy and career partnership mechanism of the city auxiliaries, supporting the management team of Huanko to implement operations and management in accordance with the established strategic objectives, and supporting the deepening of the “orbit+ real estate” development model.
Since its establishment in 1984, Huanko has gone from diversifying its operations to focusing on the real estate sector, starting with the introduction of the “Urban Auxiliary Service Providers” strategy in 2012 to the development of the “Rural and Urban Construction and Life Service Providers” strategy in 2018.
The ecological system built by the Vanko “urban and rural construction and life service providers” is already at an early stage, and based on the consolidation of the advantages inherent in residential development and property services, operations have been extended to business development and operation, logistics warehousing services, rental of housing, industrial towns, ice and snow vacations, old age, education, etc., to better serve the needs and achievements of the people.
The foundation for sustainable development is well established, and Huanko's former Shenzhen Centre for the Distribution of Modern Scientific and Educational Instruments, which is part of the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone Development Corporation, has publicly released 28 million yuan in stocks as the second listed company to be in deep contact.
• Created five major business structures for trade, industry, real estate, cultural diffusion and equity investment • extended to the mass housing market with a public distribution of b shares to foreign investors in the same year • 811 million circulaires, donated at $228 million, became the first-largest shareholder in Huanco.
The transfer to Hua-Yun of the 1 million-a-million-a-million-a-million-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-year-year-a-year-a-year-a-year-a-year plan for a third-a-year-a-year-a-year-a-year plan for a company with a target of more than 100 billion dollars in sales in a decade.
Corporate sales amounted to $1081 billion and the objectives of the Third Decade were completed four years ahead of schedule.
• The Shenzhen subway was given 29.38 per cent of the stockholdings held by Hua Yu and Heng, and became the cornerstone shareholder of Huanko. The position was further upgraded to a “urban and rural construction and life service provider” with four specific roles: a live-in landscape, a physical economic survival force, innovative exploration of experimental fields, and a harmonious ecological builder.
In January 2017, the Shenzhen subway group was granted shares of 1,689 milliona, and in June of the same year, the company’s largest shareholder, accounting for 29.38% of the company’s total shares. The Huanko model may be a classic model for the reform of the country’s mixed ownership system.
Less than 30% of the shares of deep iron conglomerates mean that Vanco still maintains a mixed ownership system that relies on both a national capital background and the advantage of private capital for mutual promotion and co-development. A relatively decentralized mixed ownership system is more exclusive than a single share.
The company has built a multi-tiered structure of headquarters, industry, and four regional headquarters, and frontline companies. Under the multi-tier structure, headquarters adheres to the principle of segregation of duties in terms of the delegation of authority and responsibility to regional headquarters and subsidiaries; and headquarters specialized departments are unified.
Establishment of a system to provide professional guidance to front-line companies. Group headquarters is regulated in three main ways: (1) investment, first-line investment in projects to be undertaken by first-line companies must be agreed to by headquarters; (2) financial control, whereby the management of cash flows and the management of the operations of the treasury of each front-line company are directly managed by the finance department at headquarters; and (3) personnel, where the staff is larger from the general manager to the general staff.
The real estate sector is highly geographically diverse, with wide variations in politics, consumption, market maturity and residential habits, so that the 10,000-line companies operate with considerable freedom, not only in terms of judgement and operation of specific projects, but even in terms of the structure of the first-line companies.
The annual salary of the full-time chairman of the board of directors in Huanko will be linked to the net profit growth rate of Huanko, and when the net profit growth rate is ~15%, the annual salary = base × 1+ company
Annual net profit growth - 15 per cent), with an initial annual base of 9.9787 million yuan (for the annual salary of the president and president of the company for the past three years) Vanko proposes to raise the annual salary of independent directors from 300,000 to 600,000; the annual salary of directors and supervisors who do not work full-time in Huanko from 180,000 to 360,000; and the annual remuneration of directors and supervisors who work full-time in Huanko according to their performance and participation in the year.
In addition to receiving remuneration, the distribution of the economic profit bonus for the chairman of the board of directors was set at 1.8 to 2.2 per cent of the annual economic profit bonus for the company. At the 2017 Shareholder Conference, held in July 2018, Huanko proposed to restructure the “step salary system” of the basic monthly salary.
Previously, the payroll structure of the Vanko employees was a monthly salary plus a year-end prize, and the big one was a year-end prize; the adjustment was not about the year-end prize, but about the base.