Medicine (603259.sh)
The new orders were well placed, with long-term positive performance growth of $52 million, totalling $870 million over the previous year ' s year: net profit from corporate returns increased by 12.67 per cent over the same year when the impact was eliminated. The new crown epidemic had a greater impact on the company ' s clinical and United States district operations, but the country ' s cdmo and laboratory industries had a greater impact.
The Chinese district laboratory services received $6,618 million, an increase of 30.9%: q4 earned 2,428 million, an increase of 34.9%.
With the continued high levels of control and innovation of the epidemic in the country, small-molecular drug discovery and drug analysis services of companies maintain a high rate of growth. In small-molecular drug discovery, chemical ffs services have grown by more than 35%; new coronary drug discovery platforms have served 77 clients; and hets platforms have provided more than 500 customers worldwide.
Income from drug safety evaluation services increased by 74% over the year;
The company’s cdmo performance was slightly higher than expected, as a result of the influx of overseas orders and the high profile of the country’s cro. Xu Xu’s cdmo operations had more than 575 new molecules, of which 45 were in the iii phase and 28 in the commercialization phase;
The commercialization of the first cmc integration of the cdmo plate was officially approved as a milestone for the company. The company further expanded its capacity, and new high-activity pharmaceutical laboratories and workshops in Changzhou were put into operation.
Pharmacist Mind: The Chinese district and cdmo have increased their operations at a high rate of production capacity of 100 kg. The company’s oligolic acid-grade production workshop, located in Changzhou, was officially launched in January 2020, and the largest batch of oligaric acid feedstocks has risen to one mole, making it more efficient.
Drug Mind: q2 has recovered well and has grown year-round to meet the growing demand of clients. In June 2020, large polyglyphs from the state-wide base became operational, with seven production lines to meet partners’ needs from pre-clinical to commercialization.
Pharmacy Condé: Business plates go hand-in-hand, and the champions complete the first pkq project. The acquisition of the 100-hour gifted Swiss Kuwi Production Base is expected to be traded in 2021 q2. With the gradual completion of new technology and new capacity building and the increased branding effect of the company, cdmo
Pharmacy Mind: The reported performance is in line with expectations, and business-wide business is expected to move up the next step. To benefit from economies of scale and effective management, cdmo operations non-ifrs Māori grew by 0.7 pct to 41.7 per cent.
Pharmacy Mind: The performance growth was strong, with the cro superstitious US epidemic dragging down US district lab operations. US District Laboratories earned $1,517 million, a decline of 2.96% in the same year; of this, q4 earned $363 million, a decline of 14.2% in the same year; the decline in performance was mainly due to: 1) the epidemic.
Impact on laboratory and factory efficiency; 2) outbreak resulting in customer access difficulties; 3) mdr has been in effect for one year; mdr has been in operation for one year; mdr has been in operation for another year; mbdr has been in operation for another year. 4) some of the clients have failed clinically, affecting ctdmo operations.
Two projects are expected to submit listing applications to the United States fda in 2021, which is expected to lead to a revival of US laboratory operations next year. In terms of expansion of capacity, companies are expected to complete the acquisition of oxgens with advanced cytogen manufacturing capabilities in q1 in 2021, accelerating Europe.
Overall, with the rising vaccination rate in the United States, coupled with the expansion of European regional operations, clinical research cro/smo services have grown steadily. Clinical research and other cro service operations have generated 1,169 million dollars, affected by the new coronary epidemic, and overall patient recruitment has been slow, with some overall impact on performance.
In terms of orders, clinical operators have maintained high growth in hand orders, with cds and smo orders increasing by 48% and 41%, respectively. The company smo project has maintained its first leading position in China and assisted 17 products in 2020 with their approval, with a cumulative total of 50 projects.
The team provided 130 project services in China and the United States, completing six product registration experiments. New clients increased their speed and older clients became more sticky.
Clients provide elastic performance. Depending on firm's solid R & D strength, 10 top clients retain 100% and old customers receive 93.8% of their earnings, indicating a high degree of stickyness on the part of their clients. Multi-fold, 52-fold. Based on 1) the company's global market position and strength in drug discovery and pre-cro fields.
Large competitiveness; 2) “Engineer dividend” gives domestic cro firms a cost-leading advantage; 3) global capacity shifts to benefit domestic cmo/cdmo enterprises: 4) small molecular drug cdmo has clear R & D strengths and size advantages, maintaining a company's “buy-b” rating.