Pharmacy biology is growing faster than expected, and long-term development is worth looking forward to at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
The fair value of part of the company ' s non-current financial assets is driven by, inter alia, the rise in the market value of the listed company ' s equity, and the expected loss of the fair value of the non-cash book value in 2020 is around RMB 1.349 billion, as the fair value of the company ' s share transferable bond derivative financial instrument component is significantly affected by the company ' s share price.
• Higher-than-expected performance growth, with non-recurrent gains and losses having a greater impact on profits. The projected net return to the mother is 1.07 billion yuan compared to the increase in the net return to the mother, an increase of 89.9 per cent compared to the year 2020, which has a greater impact on profits, except for recurrent effects, excluding net profit from the deduction to the latter and adjusted to the net to the net return to the mother.
• The growth of laboratory services and cdmo operations in China has accelerated. The domestic epidemic has had some impact on laboratory services in China during the first quarter, and the start of district laboratory and contract research and development in China during the second quarter has fully resumed operations.
With the faster growth of overseas client orders and the growing capacity and efficiency of companies to use and operate, operating income has increased significantly in the second quarter, and growth has continued to accelerate in the third quarter, and we expect the Chinese District Experimental Room operations to continue to grow at an accelerated pace in the fourth quarter. Meanwhile, the production capacity of small corporate molecules cdmo continues to expand.
Quick recovery of clinical coro operations and rapid growth of cell and gene therapy cdmo. The company’s clinical coro and smo operations have been gradually recovering since the second quarter, with a marked acceleration of growth in the third quarter, which is expected to continue in the fourth quarter.
It will be quick to recover. The current epidemic abroad is severe, but companies such as Cdmo, which is still growing relatively well, are expected to become a new growth point.
Prominent, integrated service platforms have significant advantages, and long-term growth fundamentals have been strong, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. 2. Pharmacy Ming Kande (603259): China’s medical outsourcing tap, with a strong engine powering (2020-10-19)
Continued acceleration is expected in the second half of the year (2020-08-14)
Pharmacy Mind (603259): Four major plates have grown strongly, and the fixed-increment project plus capacity expansion (2020-03-25) has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.