The performance of pharmaceutical organisms has continued to grow at a high rate, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre has made significant progress in four quarters.
Events: The company released a fast-track performance report for 2020, which achieved operating income of 16.44 billion yuan, an increase of 28.5 per cent, a net profit of 2.96 billion yuan, an increase of 59.6 per cent, a net profit of 2.39 billion yuan, an increase of 24.6 per cent, and a net profit of 3.57 billion yuan, an increase of 48 per cent, for the adjusted non-ifrs, a return of 3.57 billion yuan, an increase of 48 per cent,
The increase in the market value of non-listed companies’ shares and the decline in the fair value of the company’s share transferable bond derivatives financial instruments were influenced by the firm’s sharp increase in stock prices.
In terms of net non-repatriation profits and adjusted noon-ifrs net repatriation profits, the growth in corporate performance is still over-predicted, and growth in the first quarter of the fourth quarter has also increased significantly. • The growth of laboratory services and cdmo operations in China has accelerated.
85.50 billion yuan, an increase of about 32 per cent over the same period; cdmo, an increase of 5.28 billion yuan over the same period of 40.8 per cent. The start of regional laboratory and contract research and development in China in the second quarter has been fully reactivated. With faster growth in overseas client orders and increased efficiency in the use and operation of corporate capacity, operating income in the second quarter has increased significantly.
This growth has continued to accelerate in the last three quarters, and we expect that the Chinese regional laboratory operation will continue to grow at a faster rate in the fourth quarter. Meanwhile, small-scale corporate molecule cdmo’s operational capacity continues to expand, benefiting from the front-end flow, increasing and accelerating, making it an important driver of corporate growth.
Clinical cro operations are rapidly recovering, and cell and gene therapy cdmo is expected to grow rapidly. Clinical cro is expected to reach $1.17 billion, an increase of about 10% over the same period; US district laboratory operations are expected to achieve $1.52 billion, a significant acceleration over the same period, and will continue to recover faster in the fourth quarter.
Treatment cdmo, for example, continues to grow steadily, and is expected to become a new growth point. The dollar, at 117, 88, and 69, respectively, corresponds to pe.
Pharmacism (603259): China’s medical outsourcing leader, with a strong engine (2020-10-19) Pharmacy (603259).
Pharmacy (603259): Maintains a steady growth in performance, and long-term development momentum (2020-04-30) has not been, nor will it be, obtained directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.