A steady growth in performance, with the advantages of the integration platform highlighted Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) annual report performance is as expected, and the main industry has maintained strong growth: 1) despite the challenge posed by the new crown virus epidemic
In the war, the company’s main business income continued to grow rapidly in 2020. China’s regional laboratory services, cdmo services, US district laboratory services, clinical research and other cro services earned +39.8%, +25.1%, respectively.
The prices of companies increased by 25.14 per cent compared to 300 per cent in depth, with China district laboratory services, cdmo services, United States district laboratory services, clinical research and other cro services achieving Māori parity + 29.34 per cent, +45.27 per cent,
Point, due mainly to the fact that US district laboratory services and clinical research and other coro services were affected by the new crown outbreak, which led to a gradual decline in the Māori rate. 3) The company ' s adjusted net profit on non-ifrs return was $3.565 billion, an increase of 48.1 per cent over the same period, with strong growth in the company ' s ownership.
The rapid growth of micro/cdmo operations since the small molecules. • The enabling platform for integration continues to yield fruitful results, with a new drug research and development service platform for future ephemeral companies “integrated, end-to-end”, meeting clients in terms of the technical depth and coverage of services
1) Through the strategies of “Long tail” and “following customers, followers, winners,” the growth momentum continues to be strong. By 2020, the company had 4,200+ active clients, the ball was enhanced, capacity was expanded, and the industry expanded its own oligarchy.
Acid feedstocks, high-activity feedstocks, large-scale polytheronols, new pharmaceutical preparations production capacity and production capacity; and promoting the development of a two-promotion platform for the Central American and American thyroid-related virus (aav) suspension and walling and an integrated closed production platform for car-t-cell therapy to support global clients.
In August 2020, the Centre became operational and provided chemical services.
Yes; acquisition of oxgene to continuously enhance global service capabilities for cell and gene therapy. In addition, the company has the largest pharmaceutical research and development team: 21,900 plus scientists & technicians, and continues to expand 1. China’s leadership in medical outsourcing to enable global innovation.
The company anticipates emerging trends in research and development, enabling global innovation in medicine. One step forward is to strengthen service capabilities for new molecule types such as protac, oligonucleic acid, multipolymeric, anti-coupled drug (adc), bi-resistance, cellular and gene therapy, and to seize new business opportunities.
Risks of business and international policy changes; risk of falling demand for services for pharmaceutical research and development production; use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively; data and information used in the present report are from open information in the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.