Medical Health Research Center, Elephant dances, Cxo tap platform advantages are emerging, and the main business is growing up: we expect a Chinese district laboratory service.
In particular, chemical services, testing services such as tox have grown at a high rate, ddsu projects have progressed steadily; 2cdmo blocks, the value of the company's front cro flow entrances has been highlighted, the advantage of the flythe molecule strategy has become apparent, and some medium- and late-stage projects have been transferred to achieve high speed.
Long; 3 clinical plates, affected by the new crown epidemic in the first half of the year, have reduced the speed of order execution, increased somewhat compared to the same period last year, improved clinical operations have gradually improved and resumed in the second half, and smo, cds have increased significantly in hand orders (over 50 per cent); 4 U.S. District Laboratories, exposed to the U.S.
1. An orderly expansion of production capacity, business fundamentals continued to improve The impact of the indigenous new crown epidemic, in particular the reduction of clinical progress on atu-related client projects, and 2. Investment gains led to higher profits and the resumption of major business
Cdmo’s income is almost equal to 2019. Recovering growth – a Pharmacator’s Stocktaking – is a dangerous opportunity to win 2020, demonstrating the company’s outstanding capacity for emergency management and business management:
The impact of the new crown epidemic was reduced in February 2020, Wuhan Dynasty was suspended in February-March, bcp guaranteed operations were conducted in an orderly manner, work/semi-stoppage resumed in March, and companies actively adopted business continuity plans (bcp) and business management efficiencies
4. " A small excess of expectations, one-stop enabling platform plus issues; and active solicitation of domestic and external orders to achieve higher-than-expected income growth (especially in the China region)
Corporate fundamentals continue to improve, and growth is more certain: the demand for pharmaceutical innovation services abroad (global industrial transfer + industrial upgrading) and the rising demand for domestic pharmaceutical innovation services, domestic
5. "According to North Haikang stockholdings, rare placement of diseases, cxo industry as a whole, drug Mingconde as a conglomerate company, essential for continuity, platform advantage, and future growth with certainty. In the medium and long term, the company is clinically active.
The extension of operations in the areas of cro, atu, ddsu is particularly welcome.
Rate volatility risk, raw material price increase risk, safe production and environmental risk score, then averaged final rating as market average investment