Date
Rating
Company
Wanhua Chemical
Buy
Company Update
Asia
China
Reuters
Bloomberg
Exchange
Ticker
Energy
600309.SS
600309 CH
SHH
Chemicals
Buying parent's chemical assets at
compelling valuation; reiterate Buy
Valuation & Risks
Vitus Leung
Value and EPS accretive acquisition; reiterate Buy with c.45% upside
Research Analyst
Wanhua Chemical (WHC) announced restructuring plan which to acquire Wanhua
Ningbo, BorsoChem (BC), and others chemical related companies from parentco
by doing shares swap, with a total consideration of RMB12.3bn; WHC will issue
Johnson Wan
406mn shares (c.15% of existing shares) at RMB30.43/share (16% discount to
Research Analyst
share price). We expect the deal is EPS accretive and would be +26%/+13%
for 2018/19E. However, ROE would be flat after completion. Moreover, the deal
implied P/E would be 2.6x/3.4x in 2018/19E, and are 71% / 58% discount to current
Price/price relative
WHC's 2018E/19E P/E. We reckon it is value accretive (hypothetically add RMB6/
sh intrinsic value) and reiterate our Buy rating on WHC.
The world No#1 MDI player; bigger balance sheet to fuel growth
WHC will become No#1 MDI producer with 2.1mntpa upon this deal completion.
Currently WHC ranks No#2 with 1.80mntpa MDI capacity in China, shy of BASF
(1.81mntpa), while target asset BC ranked #8 with 300ktpa in Europe. Moreover,
WHC plans to build a new MDI capacity in US and a chemical crackers in
Performance (%)
3m 12m
China. We believe the bigger balance sheet could help WHC to further expand its
Absolute
footprint globally. Moreover, company emphasis the deal is in line with China's
Shanghai Composite
One Belt One Road strategy.
Source: Deutsche Bank
Giving a conservative guidance on BC's 2019E profit
The company expects BC's profit to maintain at peak level in 2018E with
EUR382mn while expecting 2019E profit to drop by 50% yoy to EUR190mn on
the back of softening in MDI and TDI prices in 2H18 with prediction of 2019E MDI
and TDI to retreat back to historical average level. The management's guidance
on BC in 2019E is conservative given MDI/TDI are in extended peak cycle, and the
company has a profit guarantee scheme which could lead to a more conservative
stance, in our view.
Valuation and risk
We base our RMB53.0 TP on 8.0x 2018E EV/EBITDA, which is at a 16% discount
to its historical average of 9.5x. Our TP implied 3.4x 2019E P/B with 30% ROE. For
sensitivity purpose, if we assume the deal to be completed and target assets with
the same P/B-ROE ratio, we believe the deal could represent a RMB6/sh value
(+12% to our TP). Key risks: 1) unplanned maintenance turnaround; 2) fluctuations
in oil and chemical product prices; 3) lower-than-expected GDP growth; and 4)
unexpected corporate actions with demanding valuations.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its res Distributed on: 03/06/2018 18:39:09 GMT
aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider
this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS
are located in appendix 1. MCI (P) 091/04/2018. The content may not be distributed in the people ' s
REPUBLIC OF CHINA ("THE PRC") (EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF
PRC), EXCLUDING SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGIONS OF HONG KONG AND MACAU.
Deal summary and guidance
Figure 1: Sensitivity on WHC's EPS
Figure 2: Sensitivity on WHC's ROE
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Figure 4: Key terms of the share issuance and price adjustment
New share issuance
1,716 million
No of new shares, gross
No of new shares, net
406 million, as the company will cancel the shareholding of parent, 1,310 million
RMB30.43/sh=RMB31.93/sh-RMB1.5/sh
RMB31.93/sh is 90% of 120 days average close price prior to the pricing date;
Issuance price
RMB1.5/sh is the 9M17 dividend per share including tax
36 months
Lock-up period
Pricing adjustment scheme
Issuance price of new share;
Adjustment target
Valuation of Wanhua Industries (i.e. the 1310 mn shares of Wanhua Chem)
Conditions precedent
Approval of AGM on this scheme
Adjustable period
From the announcement day of the AGM resolutions on this deal to the CSRC approval day
The first trading day before the company's stock suspension due to this deal
RMB36.44/sh
The latest close price of Wanhua stock on Dec 4, 2017, excl. the 9M17 DPS
1) in the adjustable period, SHCOMP Index has been >10% lower than that of Dec 4, 2017 (3,309.62 points) in
20 or more days of any continuous 30 trading dasy, AND, Wanhua stock close price dropped >20% than
RMB36.44/sh.
Trigger conditions
2) in the adjustable period, the CSRC Chemicals Index (883123.WI) has been >10% lower than that of Dec 4,
2017 (3,153.303 points) in 20 or more days of any continuous 30 trading dasy, AND, Wanhua stock close price
dropped >20% than RMB36.44/sh.
Adjustment benchemark day
The day of board meeting resolutions on price adjustment
In case of above 1) or 2), the company can choose hold board meeting in seven days post the trigger day, or
not.
Adjustment to issuance price
If the board decide to adjust, new issuance price will be set 90% of 20 days average close price prior to the
adjustment benchemark day.
If the board decide not to adjust, the issuance price will not be revised any more in future.
Adjustment to issuance shares r The company can adjust no. of issuance shares, if it decides to change the pricing.
Profit promise and compensation sheeme
100% of BorsodChem; 100% of Chenfeng Investment; 25.5% of Wanhua Chem (Ningbo); 8% of Yantai Wanhua
Promise entities
Chlor-alkali Co
Promise period
three years including the deal completion year and two years following it
"Asset Assessment Report" written by China United Asset Appraisal Group
Benchmark
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank
Source: Bloomberg Financial L.P., Deutsche Bank estimates. Note: Bloomberg consensus for non-rated (NR) firms and DB estimates for others
Wanhua Chemical
Reuters: 600309.SS
Bloomberg: 600309 CH
Buy
Company Profile
Wanhua Chemical Group Co. Ltd (WHC) was founded in
1998. The company engages in the production, sales, R&D
of downstream chemical products such as isocyanate, polyol,
and polyurethane. WHC is the largest MDI producer in the
world with more than 24% market shares globally as of 2016.
Moreover, the company started six new business segments,
including intermediate chemicals products, polycarbonate (PC),
Vitus Leung
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Important Disclosures
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any
compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Vitus Leung
Historical recommendations and target price. Wanhua Chemical (600309.SS)
Equity Rating Key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total share-holder
return (TSR = percentage change in share price from current
price to projected target price plus pro-jected dividend yield),
we recommend that investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-holder
return, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and,
based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a Buy
or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices
supersede previously published research.
Chemicals
Wanhua Chemical
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of those websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report,
or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche Bank may
act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken
in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked
analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ
from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, perspectives
or otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes
on. Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment
banking, trading and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes
have shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-term ratings. Some trade
found on the general coverage list and also on the covered company 's page. A SOLAR idea represents a high-conviction
belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame
of no less than two weeks and no more than six months. In addition to SOLAR ideas, analysts may occasionally discuss
with our clients, and with Deutsche Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or
events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report,
which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as
described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient
thereof if an opinion, forecast or estimate changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in
market conditions and in both general and company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at
defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department Management,
and the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and
does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not
an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy.
Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst ' s judgment. The financial instruments discussed
in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and investors must make their own informed investment decisions.
Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to change without notice, and investment transactions can lead
to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other
than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not
necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations exclude transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated.
Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session and are sourced from local
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is also sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and
other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding our
organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect to
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus
cause a loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the
higher will be the loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the
most common adverse macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client
segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax
policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of
positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-
income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to
FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. The index fixings may – by
construction – lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of
the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed
to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. Funding in a currency that differs
from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps (swaptions) the risks typical to
options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. The
appropriateness of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their
tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should
take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this
publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the
high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the
amount of funds initially deposited – up to theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not
suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of
access the website, please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including: (i) exchange rates can
be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market factors,
including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and changes in
interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed exchange controls, which could
affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are affected by the currency of an
underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Deutsche Bank is not acting as a financial adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents with respect to
any information provided in this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, and
is not acting as an impartial adviser. Information contained herein is being provided on the basis that the recipient will
make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment decision, and is not meant for retirement accounts or
for any specific person or account type. The information we provide is directed only to persons we believe to be financially
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular
transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of
its products and services. If this is not the case, or if you or your agent are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this
directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in
the investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at
information before investing.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and SIPC.
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA regulations,
including those regarding contacts with issuer companies.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany ' s Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited (save that any
shall be distributed solely by Deutsche Securities Asia Limited). The provisions set out above in the "Additional Information"
section shall apply to the fullest extent permissible by local laws and regulations, including without limitation the Code of
Conduct for Persons Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission. .
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and registered
4444. It is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration
nos.: NSE (Capital Market Segment) - INB231196834, NSE (F&O Segment) INF231196834, NSE (Currency Derivatives
Segment) INE231196834, BSE (Capital Market Segment) INB011196830; Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration
no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: INH000001741. DEIPL may have received
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations. The transmission of research through DEIPL
is Deutsche Bank's determination and will not make a recipient a client of DEIPL. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s)
may have debt holdings or positions in the subject company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type
II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved
in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the
transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result
of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from
foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice,
products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal
and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before
deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures,
prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not
registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the name of the entity.
Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with
the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according
to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).
Singapore: This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore
Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect
of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche
Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the
applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Chemicals
Wanhua Chemical
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research
may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent.
Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be
construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Taipei Branch
may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall within
the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West
Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial
products or services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory
Authority.
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, any
appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may undertake only the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Its principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District, P.O. Box 301809, Faisaliah Tower - 17th Floor, 11372 Rivadh, Saudi Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may undertake only the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Its principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai
International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been
distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as
defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the
Australian Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific
Where research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the research should consider any product disclosure
statement, prospectus or other applicable disclosure document before making any decision about whether to acquire
the product.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2018 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of APAC Research
Head of Americas Research
Research
Global Head of Economics
Global Head of Equity Research
Anthony Klarman
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
Head of Research - Germany
and QIS Research
International Production Locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Place
Filiale Hongkong
2-11-1 Nagatacho
60329 Frankfurt am Main
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Germany
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America