South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Summary of Performance: Companies achieved operating income of $9.34 billion in the first half of 2019, a 1.5 per cent decline over the same period;
The net profit attributable to the mother is $610 million, an increase of 41.6 per cent over the year, the net profit not attributable to the mother is $520 million, an increase of 46.1 per cent over the same year. Performance is expected to be higher: mainly due to two factors: improved product structure plus management to optimize the Māori rate of 2.3 pp; and mobilization of funds, transfer of financial costs and exchange gains resulting from the devaluation of the RMB exchange rate.
The product structure is optimized: $6.37 billion (-15.2%) in communications board operations, 1.99 pp in Māori, $2.96 billion (+51.1%) in fee-free electronics and computer boards, and 2.2 pp in Māori. The smart hands have not yet warmed up as a whole, and China has grown for mobile phones.
Modified transformations have increased efficiency and consumer electronic business expansion, with apples wearing equipment still growing rapidly, such as apple watch, airpods, and corporate soft boards still maintain a relatively good lead in apparelable equipment. Client diversification has progressed steadily: from client structure: exports to the United States are mainly apples, generating $5.9 billion (-9.6 per cent).
The Māori rate rose by 0.07 pp, mainly due to poor delivery of apple phones. But the Great China region earned $3.06 billion, an increase of 20.5% over the same period, and the Māori rate increased by 7.59 pp. The main source is the expansion of high-end domestic clients, such as China, which is growing faster for high-end aircraft, the company is supplied with soft panels and slp, and mobile phones are soft at the dawn of the 5g era.
The board and slp penetration are expected to accelerate, and the company’s share in high-end machines is expected to continue to rise. Cost structure improvements: companies continue to increase their automation and computerization, erp engineering has entered the testing stages, manufacturing costs are continuously reduced, ipo funds are available, capital structures are significantly improved, and interest costs are on the same scale.
The company’s growth in capacity is steadily increasing: three phases of the Huai An Park are in the receiving and inspection phase, the Qin Island High Plateau hdi project is in the pre-construction phase, and the Shenzhen II plant has completed its first phase and is expected to be completed during the year.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals. We believe that the advent of the 5g era, with the prospect of accelerated recovery of smartphones and monosports, with higher prices for corporate products, combined growth rates in corporate performance based on the reported improvements in product structure and Māori rates are 36 per cent, significantly better than in industry, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
2. Dotted stock holdings (002938); fpc tops the global (2019-07-24): new technologies are less advanced than expected.
The Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.