Rities Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services q2 Māori increase is visible and is expected to grow steadily in the second half of the year
Net profits of 609 million yuan, a 41.6 per cent increase over the same period, net gains and losses on a non-recurring basis, a significant increase in performance in the second quarter, and an improvement in product structure, an increase in the Maori rate, exchange gains and interest income growth were the main drivers. Company q2 achieved a revenue of 5.1 billion yuan, an increase of 11.37 per cent over the same period, with net profits of 424 million.
The q2 Māori rate rose by 68.88 per cent in the same year. This represents a greater increase than the previous year ' s figure of 17.67 per cent. The product structure is being optimized with a 15.2 per cent decline in corporate communications boards in the first half of the year, mainly due to a decline in sales of iPhones, but a similar increase in consumption electronics and computer panels with a higher Māori rate.
Exchange gains and interest income were better, contributing $119 million, net of this impact, corporate q2 profits increased significantly from the three-quarter net profit margin, four-quarter displays, major customers imported new material numbers in the second half of the year, consumer electronics and computer panels will continue to grow at a high rate, and the overall business will continue to grow.
2. Big Ping is looking forward to a steady growth in his performance. Although the number of new players is low this year, and mobile phone sales have been declining throughout the year, corporate communications panels are expected to rely on a higher share (some of the major customers are interested in cutting down their suppliers).
Measures such as new feeder import (the new machine is expected to add many new ones this year), product structure optimization (the larger client single fpc is gradually increasing its high-value share of machine sales) and internal improvements (automated upgrades).
Cost electronics and computer panels are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, and there is room for further growth in the Maori rate. Overall, companies are expected to achieve robust growth in the second half of the year. fpc, slp, layout lcp, 5g.
In the years of innovation, fpc, lcp use is expected to increase significantly, the value of the slp single machine is expected to increase significantly, and the public sector is expected to benefit from depth. Andres 5g mobile phones are also expected to carry slp, lcp, which is very promising for fpc as a result of 5g functional additions, hardware additions, and smaller internal spaces for mobile phones.
Slp’s share of large clients is also increasing, and it’s also on a positive roll, and in the 5g’s, it will benefit from it. We're looking at a rapid penetration of 5g mobile phones over the next two years, with a 50% penetration rate in 2021, with a much higher premium on the company’s performance, which is expected to continue to grow rapidly.
The sale of Appleiphone's mobile phone has fallen, new machine sales have fallen short of expectations, and industry chain prices have fallen.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment