The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) incident: the company ' s combined operating income of 2.77 billion in August 2019 grew by 3.7 per cent and the ring by 35.1 per cent, compared with 3.7 per cent in August 2019.
In August, the harvest grew by 3.7%, with exchange rate depreciation contributing to income growth. In August, the renminbi devalued by almost 3% against the dollar’s median price, and corporate income in dollar terms was higher, with income growth rising significantly. Apple’s 5g mobile phone was pushed out next year, with the industry recovering, with companies gradually increasing their share and unit value by virtue of their superior management.
Thanks to last year’s high base, revenue growth was reversed in August. Corporate governance improved to boost profit levels, the exchange rate remained weak, exchange gains were expected to be sustained, and earnings were expected to increase on a year-round basis. • The stocking rate of new aircraft was high, and the product structure was positively adjusted. The Apple new generation, iphone 11 series, was published.
In other words, the company has been actively preparing for the new aircraft since the second quarter, with near-full capacity, and three-quarter harvests are expected to improve by the same year-on-year round. With the effect of a new Apple-type antenna reprogramming, the dome is expected to grow by about 5-10%. Applewatch and airpods are growing strongly, and companies are actively restructuring their products.
The growth of income from consumer electronics has been rapid, and the Māori structure has improved significantly. The msap plant on Qin Island has been able to climb down the slopes well, with both the level of automation and the rate of excellence at the top of the industry and a steady increase in the slp income ratio.
Households, domestic high-end clients, such as China, which is growing faster, companies are supplied with soft boards and slp, mobile phone flinkles and slp penetration is expected to accelerate in the 5g era, company products are opening up at the high end of the 5g terminal cycle, and companies are about to increase their prices. Apple will officially launch its 5g mobile phone next year.
The innovation cycle has started, with single-timers stepping up, including more fpc and slp applications, and companies are expected to start a new growth cycle from 2020. The 5g-era wearable equipment is expected to accelerate growth, driving the demand for soft panels and slp. As the solar industry withdraws in softboards, the company’s share of soft boards is expected to grow.
We believe that Apple plans to launch a 5g mobile phone in 2020, that we can still maintain high growth, that the slp penetration rate is accelerating, and that the company’s products will rise in volume.
Over the next three years, the company's combined performance grew by 36 per cent, significantly better than the industry, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. 3. Dominant holdings (002938); fpc tops the world (2019-07-24)
The Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.