We're in the middle of the season, looking at the company's long-term growth, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company’s combined operating income of $2.05 billion in July 2019 fell by 5.3% from the same year, and the ring grew by 13.6%, but the company’s share and single-machine value continued to be raised by its own Alpha, influenced by last year’s high base, with revenue falling only marginally. Since Applephone has not yet launched its 5g type this year, the demand for the switch is expected to break out next year.
The company is now actively preparing for the new apple machine, three-quarter orders are full, and the company's three-quarter collection is expected to improve the ring. We expect the new apples to be modified by the antenna.
The company is now more dependent on apples, so that the product is relatively concentrated. The company follows the world’s first-class customers, with an increase in the share of Andre’s high-end machines.
The company has gradually supplied Chinese high-end soft and main panels, and downstream customers have become more diverse. 5g switching cycles and innovation cycles are about to rise. Apple will officially launch 5g hand machines next year, a new cycle of mobile phone innovation will be opened, and single-lineasp will accelerate, including more fpc and more.
Slp application, a new cycle of company growth is expected to start in 2020. The 5g era is expected to see continued growth in the availability of equipment, driving up the demand for soft boards and slp. As solar producers withdraw in the softboard sector, the firm’s share of soft boards is expected to increase further, along with the transformation of the automated production lines of the company, and the company’s profitability.
• Profit forecasting and investment proposals. We believe that the advent of the 5g era has seen an accelerated recovery in the volume of smartphones and single machines, with the company ' s products rising at an all-time high, with 24.3% compound growth in corporate income and 31.4% in performance over the next three years, significantly better than the industry. Given the company ' s 19-year growth rate of performance,
Dotted Holdings (002938); fpc ' s global risk; new technologies are not moving as fast as expected. 3. Dotted Holdings (002938); Lines without border expansion
Platehead (2019-06-12) assumes 180 million, 210 million and 230 million apple phone shipments in 19-21, flexible fpc singlesasp up to $49, 57.6, 60, hdi/slp singlesasp up to $10, 12, 15, due to solar manufacturers.
The company’s share in the Apple supply chain gradually increased to 22%, 24%, and 30%, and, with the start of the 5g innovation cycle, the Apple stock and single-value growth drive the firm’s business up considerably. Scenario 2: The company works deep with China to supply soft panels and slips for high-end machines, based on China’s high-end machine 19-21
20 million, 30 million, 50 million expected annually, flexible sheeters asp 30, 40 and 50 US dollars, respectively. Scenario 3: We think that there is a small increase in the Māori rate for communications, due to the retrofitting of the automated production line of the company, and an increase in the productivity of the production capacity. Scenario 4: Consumer electronics and computer panels, with fast-growing equipment, pc output, overall.
Based on the assumption that this year Apple is expected to fall by the same amount due to less innovation in mobile phones and less support for 5g shipments, not a single reason, not a single reason, not a single reason, nor any direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.