The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services reported a 43 per cent increase in performance, and semiconductor equipment applications continued to break out.
180 million yuan, a 43% increase in the same year. 1.24 billion won in the second quarter of 2020, resulting in a net profit of 160 million yuan to the mother, an increase of about 31% and 45% in the same year. 38% in the same year in the first half of the year, and a significant increase in the Maori rate of electronic components. 1)
The electronics equipment business achieved operating income of $1.73 billion, an increase of 38 per cent over the same period, of which semiconductor facilities generated income of $1.31 billion, an increase of 30 per cent over the same period; vacuum and new energy lithium equipment generated income of $420 million, a significant increase of 75 per cent over the same period.) The electronic components business generated operating income of $440 million, an increase of the same year.
At 11%, the Māori rate rose significantly from 6.3 pct to 65.1% over the same period.3) The company is fully stocked in hand orders, mainly due to changes in the product structure, rapid growth in photovoltaic equipment as a percentage of the increase in the share of light-voltage equipment, and led and ic as a percentage of the share.
The Uttar Pradesh semiconductor, compost, and other production lines, such as Mid-Crys International, have all started a weekly procurement period for national production equipment, and each production-line pull effect is not expected to be weaker than the 2019 storage level in the Yangtze River.
Fanghua acquired three orders for silicon etching, one pvd and two orders for decomposing equipment in the Chinese Ocean: three orders for silicon etching, three pvds, two stove tubes and five orders for decomposing equipment in the Yangtze, with a 27% market for silicon etching equipment. The company won its first bid for cubspvd equipment, breaking the amat monopoly.
The industrialization of 12 inches of process equipment has accelerated, and the equity incentive program has boosted the potential of the workforce.
Energy-producing products have been developed successively and marketed; third-generation semiconductor equipment, such as silicon carbide crystallizers, etching machines, pvd, pecvd, etc., have also started a bulk supply market. At the same time, companies are promoting market-based incentives, piloting a career manager system, using a mix of stock options and restrictive stock incentives.
Orders are not as high as expected, downstream expansion and productivity uphill as expected, and industry competition is increasing.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment