Performance is as expected, steady ahead is as expected, maintaining faster growth. In the first half of 2020, due to the impact of the global new coronary pneumonia epidemic, downstream clients experienced a certain delay in their needs, as the domestic epidemic moved on.
At a slower pace, demand recovered relatively quickly, and the company ' s high-end electronics equipment and sophisticated electronic components grew on a year-on-year basis. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $217,699,600, compared with a trend of 300 deep.
The net profit earned by shareholders in listed companies was $18,407.5 million, an increase of 43.18 per cent. Of this, $172,532.66 million was earned from the main electronics equipment business.
The company continues to promote semiconductor assembly, preparation for new product development and market development, and equipment such as integrated circuit etching machines, pvd, cvd, ald, cleaning machines, stand-up furnaces, extension furnaces, etc. has achieved a phased approach to the certification of advanced processes.
Some processes have been validated; mature process equipment continues to break through new processes, new processes, application products have successively entered into customer line certification or volume production, and repeated purchase orders are constantly being harvested; photovolts, single-crylic furnaces, negative-pressure diffusion furnaces, pecvd large-sized, high-capacity products have been developed and pushed forward.
To the market, driven by the demand of downstream customers, photovoltaic equipment operations are growing rapidly; silicone carbonated furnaces, etching machines, pvd, pecvd, and other third-generation semiconductor equipment are starting to be supplied in bulk.
In electronic components, income profits have grown steadily, driven by rising demand in downstream markets and the expansion of new product applications. Inventory, contract liabilities, and company-wide follow-up activity are well established. 2020h1,
The first-ever coverage of the company's semiconductor equipment product line: autonomous innovation as a foundation and platform as a wing.
In the country’s most complete, new process certifications continue to break out, followed by a long-term period of rapid growth for companies. – The semiconductor equipment depth study series I 2020 – friction deepening creates uncertainty in the semiconductor whole-industry chain.
Kwok Xingming: Master of Financial Sciences, who worked at the South China Foundation and the new wealth team of Fangzheng Securities, was very good at studying sellers from a buyer's investment point of view, and closely followed the mechanical white horse, with a focus on engineering machinery, lithium power equipment, general-purpose equipment, transhipment, etc., as the first core member of the crystal ball in 2018. Li Qian: Master of Engineering, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Space, 7 years of experience in mechanical automation research and business, formerly employed as an R & D engineer in Sinkuan technology, and in business +
Financial complexes, deep-farming industrial automation, a bottom-up search for high-quality targets, with emphasis on industrial automation, detection equipment, laser equipment, the use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective production of this report, the data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information from the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will change in any way.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.