The Uttar Pradesh company, 002371, reported that on 31 August 2020, performance met expectations and fully benefited from high growth in the semiconductor sector in the country.
On August 31st, the North announced in mid-2020 that the company had earned 2,177 million yuan in the first half of the year, that the company's performance had risen, and that the replacement of national production was beginning to accelerate.
Although the first half of the year was affected by the global new coronary pneumonia epidemic, downstream customers experienced a certain process of circulating market value (millions of dollars): delays, the company achieved the same ratio in high-end electronics equipment and precision electronic components.
The rise in the reverse trend in net profits from corporate collections and returns has largely benefited from the acceleration of national production substitution, and the trend is expected to be sustained over the long term. The diversity of corporate products has led to high growth in semiconductor industries in all beneficiary countries.
This year's spending on semiconductor equipment has been delayed and will be on the rise next year. Global spending on equipment in crystal mills has been rebounding since 2019, rising steadily in 2020, and is expected to increase significantly in 2021.
US$: In mainland China, spending on equipment has increased by about 5 per cent this year, to over US$ 12 billion, 2021 storage chip manufacturing has achieved technological breakthroughs, and the demand for equipment in new energy sectors such as photovoltaics, lithium batteries, power semiconductors continues to grow, within the scope of the company's operations, benefiting the company in all its aspects.
The company covers four core lanes in the pan-conductor field: photovoltaic, led, panels and ic, downstream.
Clients are home-grown leading firms in this area, deeply rooted in the panconductor sector of mainland China. A smoothing strategy can smooth out the risks of business volatility associated with a single business. With the end of technology products, the future is expected to make a transition to an overall solution with a higher value added, further expanding market influence and markets.
Product R & D is not as fast as expected: semiconductor capacity expansion is not as expected: external shock risk. 1. Corporate performance is rising in reverse, national production substitution is starting to accelerate. On August 31, 2020, the North’s Volkswagen announced mid-2020, with companies earning 2,177 million yuan in the first half of the year.
The same year +31.57% achieved a net return of 184 million yuan, or +43.18%. The company ' s Māori rate was 36.32%, with a net interest rate of 9.97%. While there was a certain delay in the demand of downstream customers, the company ' s high-end electronics equipment and precision electronic components were matched in the first half of the year.
Growth. E-equipment battalion inflow was 79.25 per cent, an increase of 38.37 per cent in the same year; E-factor unit collection was 20.25 per cent, an increase of 10.79 per cent in the same year.
In order to maintain the competitiveness of the product industry, companies have maintained high levels of R & D investment. In the first half of the year, the company spent a total of $367 million on R & D. As the company's profitability continues to improve, the share of R & D spending has gradually declined to 16.86%. Integrative circuit carving, pvd, cvd, ald, washing machines, stand furnaces, extension stoves, etc.
In anticipation of a phased outcome in the certification of advanced processes, some processes have been certified; mature process equipment continues to break through new processes, with new process application products successively entering production line certification or volume production: photovoltaic monocrystals, negative pressure amplifiers, large-scale pecvd, high-capacity products being developed and marketed: carbonated silicone (sic) crystals
The bulk supply market for third-generation semiconductor equipment, such as stoves, etching machines, pvd, and pecvd. Corporate receivables in the first half of the year amounted to $1,512 million, or +32.78 per cent of the ring comparison. The increase in accounts receivable was mainly due to increased revenue, extended client demand affected by the new crown epidemic, and strong hand orders resulting from continued high demand.
This year, spending on semiconductor equipment affected by the epidemic has been delayed and will be on the rise next year. Global spending on crystal mills has hit the ground since 2019, rising steadily in 2020, and is expected to increase significantly in 2021, according to Semi,
22%, or about $15 billion; market investment power comes mainly from major plants like Samsung, skhynix, Smic, and ymtc. Storage and logical chips are being produced nationally in 2020, benefiting enterprises that are able to expand their national production.
1) Storage chip: The Yangtze storage of 64 floors of 3dnand is the first time that mass production is significant and will expand much faster than the 32 floor chip in the previous period. The Yangtze storage forward target of 300,000 pieces/month capacity, corresponding to the acquisition of the ic equipment, is $20 billion. At the same time, the compost of 19 nmdram products is expected to grow next year.
By the end of 2020, it is expected to produce 60,000 tablets/month. 2) Logic chips: Mid-Key International's 14nm output, which is marginal to the state-of-the-state production logic level. With advanced production, China-Chole International is expected to start a new surge.
The Economic Technology Development Area Management Committee jointly concluded and signed a Cooperation Framework Agreement on 31 July 2020, establishing a joint venture of 28 nm and above, with the intention of expanding the capacity of more than 28 nm. In addition to the upcoming high growth in the demand for integrated circuit equipment, companies will continue to benefit from new energy industries such as photovoltaics, lithium, etc.
Continued demand for equipment in the battery, power semiconductor area 3. Platform-based strategy smooths fluctuations and transitions to a holistic solution
Sub-business. Downstream customers cover mainstream crystal-crystal, storage and photovoltaic plants in the country, deep-rooted in the China-continent panconductor domain. Platformed strategies smooth the risks of business volatility associated with a single operation and benefit from the high-speed development dividend of the industry as the technology products evolve.
(b) The transition to a holistic solution. Further expansion of market influence and city ownership. 2) Semiconductor output expansion is less than expected; 3) external shocks risk;
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.