The equipment business has grown rapidly, with a good outlook for high-level H2 on hand orders.
The rapid growth in equipment and increased profitability: 20h1 generated $2.18 billion, a 32 per cent increase in the same year, while the equipment battalion increased by nearly 1.7 billion, by 38 per cent, and the spare parts battalion by nearly 440 million, and the net profit from non-repatriation by almost 1 further, but the net interest rate increased by 0.5 pct to 9.97 per cent.
Advance receipts increased by almost 84 per cent, combined with an increase in inventory h1 by nearly 800 million, indicating a higher growth in hand orders, a concentration of new items, a need for photovoltaic eruptions, 1. Photovoltaic operations are growing rapidly: 20h1 Māori of equipment at 28.71 per cent — 10 pct less than 19h1 —
It can be deduced that the company’s output during the period was dominated by photovoltaic equipment and increased faster, which led to a rapid increase in the ratio. Photovoltaic electricity prices have fallen to 0.3 yuan/degrees, and the cost has reached the outbreak “surreal point”, while the company’s monocrystal, pevcd large-sized/large-capacity products have been rolled out and are well satisfied.
The need for rapid expansion by downstream manufacturers. 2) The robust growth of semiconductor equipment: key equipment such as icp etching machines, pvd, cvd, etc., benefits from national production substitution, with increased penetration of corporate equipment in the context of the expansion of crystal mills. 3) The new round of expansion of the crystal mill, with national production equipment leading to historical opportunities
Downstream crystalworker capital spending continues to expand: according to IQS, from 2017 to 2020, the world is expected to have 62 crystal mills, 26 of which are from China. Specifically, China-Cholel International's capital expenditure has increased by $6.7 billion over the 20 years, while its semiconductor manufacturers, such as emc, Szetet, Geco, and others, are building a 12-inch production line.
– This creates a strong demand for upstream equipment. The convergence of crystal-crys creates an eastward shift in production and an alternative to national production, and the demand for equipment concentrates further on domestic production.
• Profit forecasting and investment proposals 2019-04-24
"Property capital advanced technologyic equipment, rushing in. Performance meets expectations, semiconductor equipment income increases.