h1 Significant increase in advance receipts, benefiting from a new expansion of the Crystal Circle Factory
In the first half of the year, the company maintained a high rate of growth. The increase in the collection of electronic equipment was due to the company ' s corrosion machines, pvd, cvd, stubble furnaces, washing machines.
The semiconductor process equipment is gradually entering the country in bulk into the 8 and 12 inch integrated circuit chip production line, some into the international top-of-the-art chip production line and into the advanced encapsulation production line, while at the same time increasing the company's photovoltaic battery process equipment and monocrystal operations as a result of the increased atmosphere of the photovoltaic industry.
The decline in the Māori rate is evident, the net interest rate remains stable, the company's product lines are wide, and new equipment is successively validated, with different product structures affecting the overall Māori rate. According to photovoltaic equipment, lithium power equipment, 25-30% of semiconductor equipment, 30%-40% of semiconductor equipment, etc.
More than 50% of the industry's overall Māori ratio is estimated, and we judge that the majority of h1 electronic process equipment in the intake structure is photovoltaic and lithium, while semiconductor equipment is relatively low. Revenue growth is accompanied by good control of overhead costs; sales cost is 5.60%, corresponding to 0.53 pct;
Long, we expect that the revenue recognition of subsequent hand orders will set the stage for a good growth in corporate performance in the future. As expected, a new round of expansion of the production of semiconductor equipment and a historic opportunity for domestic equipment deals will take place in the wake of a new round of expansion of the production of semiconductor equipment.
Since the beginning of the year, Uttar Pradesh has gained three silicon etchings, one pvd and two decompositions in the Chinese rainbow system.
Equipment orders; acquisition of 2 etchings, 4 oxidation devices and 1 de-fired equipment in the upper tower semi-conductor; storage of 3 silicon etchings, 3 pvd, 2 stove tubes and 4 de-fired equipment orders in the Yangtze River. Purchase of North Wide Technology-related radio frequency-related assets, upgrade
In 2020, multiple production lines began spending on co-pulsing of the ic equipment, and the core technological competitiveness of the Yangtze River storage, the Chinese rainbow system, the Nucleus, the Nucleus, the Cyclops, and the Central Cyclops, each of which launched a national production equipment procurement cycle.
3 North China. Performance: The production-line pull effect is not expected to be weaker than the 2019 storage level of the Yangtze. We believe that North China is slightly lower than expected, and that a fixed increase of 2 billion will help.
As a leader in domestic ic equipment, it is hoped to break through the profit trap and move into a long-term new phase.