Performance is on track, company orders are on the increase, company business income and returns increased in the first half of 2020 - the semi-annual report of North China (002371), the company ' s performance was on track in 2020 (200830), and equipment and component revenues increased in line with expectations.
The net profits of shareholders in listed companies grew by 31.57% and 43.18% respectively; the Māori rate and the net interest rate, respectively, increased by $158 million, or 45.05%, of the net profits of shareholders in listed companies.
During the first half of the year, orders from suncan@cczq.com increased and the company increased its readiness.
The main reason for this is the increase in the number of orders in the first half of the year. The net cash flow generated by the operations was $550 million, an increase of 215.26 per cent over the previous year, with an increase in the receipt of advance payments.
According to the list of items for the purchase of equipment disclosed in January 2020 by Yangtze, 12 items of equipment, including 3 corrosion equipment, 3 pvd equipment, 6 furnaces, were stored by the company, with a winning order of $200 million. In April 2020, the Huailong semiconductor purchased many items of national production equipment, of which the North has a winning bid.
Two etching devices, two pvd devices, with orders of approximately $100 million; cumulative acquisition of three pvds, four corrosion devices, and seven heat treatment equipment. In addition, the company has good relations with major clients, such as China Harbour International, Lungi shares, and III APV. At the end of 2019, the company raised the total amount of funds through a non-public distribution of shares.
2 billion yuan from 28 Peace Rixie Street, Beijing West Side, for the development of high-end integrated circuit equipment development and industrialization projects and the expansion of high-precision electronic components. As of 30 June 2020, the company had invested in fund-raising.
For the purpose of raising funds, you'll go to tax-free number six in Fukuda District.
The Sichuan Free Trade Experiment in China is worth hundreds of millions; the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies are $497 million, 760 million, and 1,086 million, respectively.
This report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, and has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.