Conch Cement [0914.HK; 600585.CH]
Q3 Net Profit Beat Expectations Again; Reiterate BUY
Conch Cement reported a recurring net profit of RMB7.7bn in Q3 2018, up 149% YoY.
Sales volume grew impressively by 22.6% YoY to 93.9m tonnes, including about 17m
China Cement Sector
tonnes from the trading platform. Blended ASP (cement and clinker) rose from
RMB316/tonne in Q2 2018 to RMB328/tonne in Q3 2018. Q3 2018 net profit implies our
Q4 2018E net profit is about RMB7.3bn, which looks low since Q4 is usually a peak
BUY
season for volume and price. Therefore, we raise our 2018E/2019E EPS by 5%/8.2%.
We reiterate our BUY rating, but lower our H-share target price from HK$65 (2.7x
Close: HK$39.65 (Oct 24, 2018)
2018E PBR) to HK$57.50 (2.37x 2018E PBR, 1 standard deviation above the average)
to reflect the lower risk appetite of investors after the recent sharp market correction (A-
Target Price (H): HK$57.50 (+45%)
share target price: RMB47, 6% discount to our H-share target price, based on the aver-
age discount in the past few years).
Target Price (A): RMB47.00 (+44%)
Investment Highlights
Price Performance
Q3 sales volume grew 22.6% YoY. The Company sold 76.9m tonnes of cement and
(HK$)
(HK$ million)
clinker it produced in Q3. Thanks to strong sales volume from its trading platform, total
sales volume in Q3 was 93.9m tonnes, up 22.6% YoY. Blended ASP rose from
RMB316/tonne in Q2 2018 to RMB328/tonne in Q3 2018, which is better than ex-
pected, since Q3 is usually a low season due to rainy weather.
Gross profit per tonne dropped due to trading business. Gross profit per tonne fell
Feb18
POVE
from RMB147 in Q2 2018 to RMB127 in Q3 2018 although the ASP increased QoQ.
Turnover (RHS)
Price (LHS
The decline was distorted by sales volume from the trading platform, which accounted
Source: Bloomberg
for 18% of total sales volume in Q3. Overall, it is still positive, leading to 149% growth in
US$25,404m
Q3 recurring net profit. In addition, the trading platform also enhances the pricing power
Shares Outstanding
5,299.3m
of the Company in some regions.
KPMG
Auditor
Q4 outlook remains upbeat. Based on the latest price and inventory level information
from Digital Cement, cement prices in east and south central China still maintained a
55.0%
Free Float
moderate uptrend (Figure 2 and 3), while inventory levels remained low (Figure 4 and
52W range
HK$31.50-51.55
5), which should bode well for Q4 2018 performance.
3M average daily T/O
US$73.0m
Upward earnings revision. Q3 2018 net profit suggests our Q4 2018E net profit is
Conch Holdings
Major Shareholding
about RMB7.3bn (Q3: RMB7.7bn), which looks low since Q4 is usually a peak season
(36.78\%)
for volume and price. Therefore, we lift our 2018E/2019E EPS by 5%/8.2%. After the
Sources: Company, Bloomberg
recent correction triggered by overall market weakness, Conch Cement-H is trading at
6.2x 2018E PER, with a 7.2% dividend yield, which looks too bearish with a net cash
Wong Chi Man—Head of Research
balance sheet.
Sources: Company, CGIS Research
Key financials
Conch Cement (00914.HK; 600585.CH)
Income Statement
(RMB'000, except for per share amount)
Sources: Company data, CGIS Research estimates
Sources: Company, CGIS Research
Key financials
Conch Cement (00914.HK; 600585.CH)
Balance Sheet
Statement of Cash Flow
(RMB'000, except for per share amount)
Finance Ratios
Sources: Company data, CGIS Research estimates
Sources: Digital Cement, CGIS Research
Sources: Digital Cement, CGIS Research
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any
jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China
Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing
requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly
or implied) is made as to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past perfor-
mance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regard-
ing future performance. The recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where
necessary consult their own independent financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this
report, such views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings
Limited and any of its subsidiaries ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy Interna-
tional and/or the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report
and its attachment/s and/or any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy
International.
China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies) the securities in respect of which are reviewed in this
report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or more than 1 % of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) men-
tioned in this report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transac-
tions with the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a
position or holding, or other material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
China Galaxy International may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in
issues of, any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or invest-
ment services in relation to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
Furthermore, China Galaxy International may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this
report within the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered
in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or
her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and
Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of
this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies cov-
ered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
: share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
: share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
; no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co.,
Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.