q3 Reciprocity has improved steadily and overseas orders have continued to grow. The China Handover (60180.0.sh) incident assessment report, China Handover, published the three-quarterly report 2023: the company achieved its camp in the first three quarters of 2023.
Huangjw@cfsc.com.cn Creates a steady increase in profitability, and the current phase of operating cash flows is under pressure.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved operating income of 54,777.2 million yuan, an increase of 1.05 per cent. On the profit side, the cash inflows from borrowing increased.
New results are beginning to emerge, with internal and external resonance for the future — a “one-way” build-up in an orderly fashion, with orders from overseas continuing to grow “one-way” leading companies to expand their operations abroad.
China Handover (601,800): Slow recovery of construction pipelines, increased political and economic uncertainty, significant sovereign debt characteristics of some economies, reits contribution to the valuation restoration logic
The international capital market has become more aggressive, with major projects and high-quality projects gathering together with top-level firms. The 10th anniversary of the "One Way" initiative for high-quality co-building, with the company's major infrastructure capacity as a "one way"
Greater scope for growth. In January-September 2023, the company signed a new contract with five countries, including Sri Lanka, Nigeria, Ethiopia, Uganda, and India, for a project involving road construction and distribution.
In the areas of water, industrial parks, mining, etc., overseas operations have continued to expand. • In support of water and water construction, companies are expected to benefit from the plan of 24 October 2023 to increase the country’s debt by 10,000 dollars in the fourth quarter of this year
Hundreds of millions of dollars, mainly for disaster prevention and mitigation projects, water engineering, etc. This year’s flood review revealed a lack of water engineering in some watersheds, a lack of reservoir interdiction, and inadequate standards for flood prevention, leading to disaster prevention.
The company, as the head business in the area of transport construction, is involved in more water and water projects, major business, capital construction industry/port construction/road and bridge construction/city construction/base construction operations/drawn-off in the first three quarters of 2023.
1) Investments in infrastructure are not as expected; 2) project returns are not as expected; 3) corporate performance is not as good as expected; 4) strategic progress along the way is not as expected.
Wong Joon-wei: B.A. in Civil Engineering and Master in Finance, University of Khatami. More than five years of research in building materials and three years of experience in building materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters.