Bank accounts, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks, banks.
As a result of this improvement, the risk exposure to the quality of the assets of the banking system has been brought to a close, and the bank interest differentials, along with interest-relief pricing pressure, have been the basis for the Board's inventory of “three violations, three sets of profits, four wrongs”, including restrictions on joint operations, off-the-shelf finance, etc., which have been rapidly expanding in size over the past few years on the basis of non-deposit liabilities.
This is undoubtedly a killer, and at a time when state-owned businesses with the advantage of the natural base of deposits are favoured, in stock-based banks, recruitment is driven by their natural retail banking advantage (reflected mainly by low-cost debt structures) and then by the market.
In 2004, for the first time in a very short period of time, there was a shift to establish a retail orientation, laying down a retail base, and Roe significantly increased; and for the second time in 2009, we went back to the evolution of the labels of the merchant banks, which were branded with great clarity.
In 2014, after taking office, the director of the field proposed a “one-wing” “light bank” strategy that would open up the light bank-run model. We believe that the move would allow for a smooth transition at critical points on several occasions, with a large shareholder with a “snake mouth gene” and specialization.
Management cannot be separated. In 2016, the pre-retail tax profit ratio of companies reached 53%, becoming the company’s core business, with a total retail customer asset of 5.5 trillion (yoy+16.4%) and a retail customer of 91.06 million (+19.3%), with clients far exceeding their counterparts and still growing rapidly.
Retail Banks - A Cut-Off over Cycle: The current popularity of recruitment is due to the fact that the past rough expansion of the banking sector has become unsustainable, the space for regulation of arbitrage is shrinking and, against a backdrop of macroeconomic growth still facing pressure, the “window” of the nature of the recruitment of retail banks and light banks is also implicit.
The expectations of strong players in banking competition are persistent; internal factors suggest that retail transitioners in the industry are not recruited, but that neither their very low-cost retail deposits (20160.9 per cent), their share of net retail interest (53.2 per cent) nor their share of off-the-shelf non-interest income (29.12 per cent) are significantly ahead of their counterparts, and that their light banks are by their very nature financed.
Jung Chun Ming's sufficiency rate, cost-earning ratio, and Roe's perspective can be explained, and these are undoubtedly the cutting edges of a company as a zero-selling bank.
Quality of assets steady - overcoming concerns: Since 2012, macroeconomic growth has been under pressure to adjust structures, increase speeds, and, despite the already high contribution of retail business revenue and profits from merchant banks, its lending to the public is still unaffected, and credit cost increases continue to drag on profit tables. However, in 2016, this has been the case.
There have been signs of improvement in the context of a sharp drop in income-end growth (interest cuts result in asset pricing) and a rebound in profits, mainly as a result of negative asset pressures, which we support in terms of poor bookkeeping, coverage rates, delays, poor formation rates, and looking forward to the future, in the global economy as a whole.
Against the backdrop of signs of recovery, the domestic economy is also experiencing a period of economic stability (and greater transparency among large and medium-sized enterprises), compounded by a compressed corporate lending to surplus industries, a tilt in strategic emerging industries, and short-term adverse pressures projected above: given the gradual dilution of asset quality risks, the performance of firms is expected to grow steadily, precipitatingly.
Since the second half of 2016, as macroeconomic stages improved, risk exposures to the quality of the assets of the banking system were revealed, and the spread of bank interest became stable with the release of interest-reducing pricing pressures, but after 2017, especially the second quarter, the situation became stable.
There have also been some changes. The trigger is the Silver Bank's inventory of “three violations, three profits, four irregularities”, including restrictions on joint operations, off-the-shelf finance, etc., which have undoubtedly been a killer for banks that have been relying on non-deposit liabilities to expand rapidly over the past few years.
Preborn retail bank advantages (reflected mainly in low-cost debt structures) have once again emerged from the market. Figure 3: Market surpluses by block (as of 23 June 2017)
Insinuation, implicit in this is the recognition that companies have taken the lead in the transition from heavy to light assets in a homogenous banking context, while at the same time it is a constant expectation that the pioneers of the transition will be strong in future retail market competition in banks. Looking at the company’s intrinsic value, but from a dialectic point of view, the market is at the same time a litmus test of the fundamentals (in the longer term).
The question that needs to be answered in this report is, in a highly homogenous banking country, how can recruitment be signed off as a retail stick, which currently stands at more than $580 billion in market value and 1.4 x pb level (one q2017 static as of 23 June), yes
Does the value of the investment still exist, and is its valuation validly explained from a fundamental point of view? The report goes back and forth, analysing its development thinking and its strategic soundness in the macroeconomic context from the recruitment process.
Founded in 1987, in the early stages of the reform and opening of the country's front-line city, Shenzhen District, the country's first stock-based bank, with an open and innovative “snake gene” and the rapid establishment of market-based operating mechanisms, creating the preconditions for a sustained transition to a competitive character.
China Ocean Transport Group, Guangzhou Maritime Transport Group, Ltd., China Ocean Oil South China Sea, Guangdong Province Roads Authority, Shandong Province Transport Development and Investment Corporation, Qin Royal Island Port Authority, and Shenzhen Snake Harbour Silver Investment Service. (The snake mouth gene is the spirit of the market, based on Shenzhen’s dragon-heading business: change over time; uphold core values.)
Do not act as an opportunist, based on this implementation power; professional value creation; pragmatic idealism; learning power; the ability to change as an organization; a strong sense of crisis.) The company was listed in 2002 and in Hong Kong in 2006.
At the end of 2016, the company’s main shareholders were the Chamber of Commerce Group, which engaged the Bureau of Commerce’s vessels, deep-seated investments, Shenzhen Chuen’s investment, Shenzhen’s investment, and Shenzhen’s recruitment as a subsidiary of the Chamber of Commerce Group. By the end of 2016, the Group of Chamber of Commerce Groupes held 29.97 per cent of the company’s shareholdings indirectly through equity/control/consistance of action relationships.
State shipping is also a company owned by the China Ocean Shipping Group, which together holds 9.00% of the shares. The share of the Chinese Securities and Finance Corporation increased to 3.34% at the end of 2017q1.
Life insurance, offshore investment, etc., offers the possibility of a later retail position for cross-sales. The company now has full holdings for silver leasing, Silver International and Young-Long Bank, stock acquisition funds (55%) and sales contracts (50%). 2017 marks the thirtieth anniversary of the launch, coinciding with China’s emerging macroeconomic trends, and the banks are facing rapid financial de-escalation.
The transformational orientation of “light banks” and the strategic positioning of “one wing” have become increasingly evident in the company's ability to move through the cycle.
Since the listing of merchant banks in 2002, none of its most commendable strategic transformations has been the first to lay the foundations for the rise of retail sales. In 2004, the first major transformation was initiated, focusing on the restructuring of the business, with a very high proportion of wholesale business, while retail and SME-type business accounted for a relatively small share (2002).
The final personal credit balance was about 10 per cent, while at the same time there was a policy of credit contraction, and although the firmness of its operations had been relatively positive in the short run, it had decisively chosen to shift its strategic focus to retail operations, with a shift focusing mainly on “accelerating the development of retail, intermediate and small and medium-sized enterprise operations”.
The transformation was not simply to raise the importance of retailing, but rather to attract banks to adjust the overall business model. In January 2005, the then President of the Recruitment Authority, Ma Uwe, made a speech entitled “Actively promoting the internationalization of business strategies and managing them” and officially opened the door to “business strategy adjustments.”
In fact, when the recruit proposed a “one-time transition”, other banks also saw the importance of retailing, even explicitly stating that the goal of the retail bank transition was not one, and that there was no apparent pre-emptive advantage in the hiring, and that the period was more dependent on the enforcement of companies. In the five-year period from late 2003 to the end of 2008, the net profit growth rate and net annual growth rates were higher than the net profit rate.
Second transition: retail labels highlighted: strong growth momentum from the first transition suffered a setback in 2009. The 2009 net return profit was $18.235 billion, a decrease of 13.48 per cent in the same year (53.5 per cent growth in human life and 16.7 per cent growth in the booming industry).
For the first time in history, negative performance led to a rethinking of growth patterns. In summary of the negative growth in corporate performance in 2009, while the ratio of non-interest-bearing corporate income has reached 21.5% in about five years of development, the ratio of interest earned on loans remains high at 69.7% of its interest income, while central banks still account for 69.7%.
Interest income earned on loans decreased by 7.26 per cent to $52.022 million in 2008 compared to the previous year, with 65,838 million yuan in interest earned annually, which was higher in 2009 than in other banks, mainly because of its consistent nature.
Retail lending strategies, where retail lending preferences are higher than those of peers, are relatively low-priced at the end of the loan, and do not, as other banks did in 2009, reduce profits at a more stringent cost than in the interest-rate-reduction cycle. It is a matter of concern that the global bank faced major challenges in the global financial crisis of 2008, when the world economy slowed down at an overall rate of growth.
It also provided an opportunity for domestic bank mergers and acquisitions. In May 2008, the company signed a deal with the shareholders in Yonglong Bank to purchase 53.12% of Yonglong ' s shares at a price of HK$ 19.3 billion, corresponding to a pb 2.91 times, and to complete the full-scale acquisition of Yonglong at the end of October 2008, at a total cost of HK$ 36.3 billion.
Core capital = general equity + reserve, subsidiary capital = sub-prime loan readiness + sub-debt + transferable + other subsidiary capital; capital adequacy = (core capital + subsidiary capital)/risk-weighted capital.
Production, core capital adequacy = core capital/risk-weighted assets, so we summarize the drivers of the second transformation proposed by companies in early 2010: 1 after the 2008 financial crisis, the domestic macro-environment is more complex, policy is more cautious and gross growth based on resource inputs cannot be sustained; 2 after a turn in 2004
After this, the company has initially developed its own characteristics and advantages in retail business, middle business, and SME business development, and the second transition would have been carried forward. The second transition would have been based on a transition that would have accelerated the process of moving from a bruising business to one that relies primarily on managerial upgrading.
The fundamental objective of the second transition is to maximize the benefits of business and ensure a steady and sustained growth in profitability, with the specific objectives of reducing capital consumption, increasing the pricing of loans, controlling financial costs, adding value to clients, and ensuring that risks are manageable.
It is worth mentioning, with regard to cost control, that the cost reduction depends to a large extent on improved operational efficiency, that through the integration of retail operations, companies have enabled high-end customers to receive more effective services on more integrated retail platforms (i.e., “onebank”), and that the cost-earning ratio of companies has been effectively reduced from higher points in 2010 to date, and that the company's Roe level has also been reduced.
A very high level of 24.78 per cent was reached in 2012 (see figure above). Deepening the transition - the “one wing” has opened up the light banking lead model: since 2012, the quality of bank assets has begun to deteriorate, as reflected in particular in the focus of the previous phase of the company - a small one.
Micro-enterprises, and industry-wide profitability, have also generally declined from a high point of view. In 2013, when Eyuki Tanaka was recruited as president, he developed a light bank development approach to “one wing” in the context of corporate dominance and industry development. The “one wing” business system refers mainly to retail finance, supported by corporate finance, peer finance, and retail finance.
To create the best banks, with a breakthrough in the three branches of wealth management, micro-finance, consumer finance; corporate finance, with a focus on cash management, trade finance, cross-border finance, and M&A finance, with four main business priorities; and industry finance, with a two-wheel drive on large asset management and financial market transactions. The essence of “light banking” is to be found in fewer capital consumption and more intensive banking.
Business styles, more tactful resilience, and more efficient development, and higher value returns. By their content, corporate “one-wing” strategies have become hard to see the traditional banking landscape dominated by spreads, in fact, a qualitative shift to integrated service banks that respond more effectively to interest rate marketing and growth through the construction of a “one-wing” development landscape.
After years of transformation, company retailing has covered a number of areas, including: wealth management operations (finance, funds, insurance agent sales), private banking (a retail customer with an average monthly total asset of $10 million and above, providing specialization in diversification needs at the three levels of investment, taxation, legal affairs, mergers and acquisitions, financing and liquidation of their individual, family and enterprise, etc.,
Full and Private Integrated Services credit card operations (interest and non-interest) retail loans (including personal housing loans, micro-credits, elimination of pre-retail profits have now taken up half of the world: after many strategic transformations by companies, retail business is now overtaken by advantages, retail service contribution to profits has continued to increase, pre-tax profit ratios have been rising year by year, and by the end of 2016 retail taxes have been taxed
The former profit ratio, 53%, became the company’s core business, and the “One” lead was even more prominent. From the customer reserve, the company’s total retail customer assets at the end of 2016 were 5.5 trillion, an increase of 16.4%.
In addition, in terms of the distribution of assets, the number of customers above the sunflower, although only 1.91 million (2 per cent), reached 4.5 trillion gross (aum 2.38 million yuan) or more than 80 per cent of the total customer assets. The client base is of considerable quality, which is listed by the company.
The continuing high-end retail positioning is inextricably linked. Even in horizontal contrasts, the number of retail customers recruited is significantly higher than that of other equity firms, which shows that the company’s excellent retailing requirements of 2.3 transformations – market-based shareholders, professional management
We believe that the campaign was able to respond quickly to the market many times after its listing in 2002 and to make a determined transition, with at least two major shareholders, first and foremost, with the concept of market-based management. Founded in 1872, during the Qing Yu campaign, the Bureau started China’s recent national shipping industry and many other modern economies.
In this area, China has an important place in its recent and modern economic and social development history. In 1978, the Bureau of Commerce and Industry began to reform and open up. In 1979, it began to develop China's first open industrial zone, the Viagra Industrial Zone, which has had a wide impact, both at home and abroad, and subsequently set up China's first commercial equity bank, the Merchant Bank, and China's first enterprise, the Public Insurance Corporation.
- The Safeguard Insurance Company, among others, has provided useful experience in China’s efforts to reform its open-ended business, which is currently concentrated on three main sectors: transport (ports, roads, shipping, logistics, maritime industry, trade), finance (banks, securities, funds, insurance), real estate (campaign development and real estate), and is moving from one of the three main sectors to another.
There has been a shift in the three main platforms for business, financial services, investment, and capital operations. Shareholders have always held the idea of market-based operations, operating at the hands of management, even as a real control mechanism, the Bureau of Recruitment has not been more involved in business issues.
It is worth noting that, in 2015, faced with a continuous build-up in Andang, the Bureau of Merchantries is also engaged in a timely build-up of equity, with a further consolidation of the holding position, which effectively guarantees the functioning of a marketed company, followed by a professional management.
Since his arrival on the market in 1999, he has led the recruitment process to determine the direction of the retail business and can be said to be still fairly clear;
As it stands, its “one-wing” light-banking idea is gradually being effectively tested and accepted by the market. Thirdly, retail banks - effective weapons across cycles, above, on the evolution of corporate history strategies, can help us visualize the retail labels of recruitment, which we will elaborate on below.
Based on the comparability of data, we continue to use the analysis of 16 old listed banks, the structure of interest-bearing liabilities in recent years, as shown in the following three graphs: State-owned banks, equity companies, and municipal comptoirs.
Figure 29: Urban comptoirs ' interest-bearing liability structure, the rise in the share of corporate liabilities in 2010-2013 was largely reflected in the rise of industry non-standards, and the issuance in 2014 of the Tradeworks Circular No. 127 on the Regulation of Business Practices of Financial Institutions (hereinafter referred to as the Circular), which severely limits industry non-standards.
In 2014, it began to break out: as a result of Circular No. 127, the bank’s co-lending funds (such as loans, deposits/loans, buy-backs/sales-backs, etc.) do not exceed one third of its total liability.
A regulatory vacuum is also the main reason for this growth, owing to the scope (co-operator’s statements are usually included in debt-paying classes). It is clear from the comparison of the previous three figures that stock-based banks and municipal comptoirs are more inclined to issue joint stock statements, and that the public-owned banks’ enthusiasm for active indebtedness is clearly low, mainly because of their own good deposit-client base.
Thus, in the context of a neutrally restrictive monetary policy, joint banking instruments have become one of the tools that small and medium-sized banks need to expand the size of their assets and maintain debt stability. Under the financial chain model of “extra-professional finance”, banks have embedded layers of portfolio products, financial instruments, permeating each other, increasing market liquidity risks.
For reasons of continuity of liquidity, small and medium-sized banks have had to continue to “hard-headed” their business records at the same time as the interest rate on joint certificates has soared sharply, but this will inevitably lead to an increase in the cost of their liabilities. In this context, the retail advantage of recruitment becomes more pronounced.
3.1 Reasons for the popularity of retailing - Part of the table - First, in terms of the size of the liability, after years of development, the total size of the company ' s deposits at the end of 2016 was 3.8 trillion, after only five state-owned banks, becoming the largest deposit liability bank in the stock bank; and, in terms of the ratio of retail deposits,
The company ' s share of retail deposits has reached 33.8 per cent, ranking fourth out of 16 banks. In terms of the cost of retail deposit liabilities, the average retail cost of the company in 2016 was only 0.9 per cent, well below the industry average.
The percentage of deposits is 74%. After considering the credit spread, the intake was 5.16%, ranked second in the industry. Figure 35: Retail deposit liabilities cost much less than their counterparts. Figure 36: Retail deposits account for 74% of the call-in ratio.
In terms of investment in corporate retail loans, following the easing of monetary policy since 2014, mortgages have been the object of competition among banks, with no exception, with a balance of up to 50 per cent at the end of 2016, with an additional nearly $230 billion added in that year, although property is currently facing a more stringent regulatory policy, the overall sales have not declined significantly, and mortgages are expected to remain an important contribution in 2017.
Point. Credit card growth is generally stable, with other items worth noting, including, inter alia, consolidated consumer loans, commercial housing loans, car loans, home improvement loans, education loans and other individual loans pledged in monetary assets, which are expected to be the focus of future companies, figure 39: Retail loan disbursement in hiring stock
Figure 40: The distribution of new retail loans each year, as a simple measure, is about $71,611 million in net interest income on loans deposited by retail clients in 2016, representing a total net interest on the company, which is as high as 53.2 per cent, which is much better than the industry average.
3.2 The retail nature - the inward extension of the table - The key link to the transformation of retail operations is also the extension of the inward business to the outward business, the nature of the so-called light operation. The core of the company ' s non-interest income lies in the combination of the quality and volume of its customers, which, as noted above, reached by the end of 2016.
To 91.6 million people, of which more than 80 per cent are high-end clients with more than sunflowers, retail loans are only one of the links in the company ' s retail distribution, relying on its more than 90 million clients, credit card services to ordinary customers, and wealth management operations (including treasury, fund, insurance agent sales) by middle-end customers
Private banking for high-end clients to meet their diversified needs for financial convenience. Figure 42: Non-interest income ratio is higher than that of peers. Figure 43: Non-interest ratio in retail category
Such an extension has had a positive effect in terms of specific business data: the number of credit cards has grown steadily: after a significant decline in the number of issuances in 2015, the growth rate in 2016 (+9 per cent) has recovered again, and while business income has declined, the trend is that it will still be possible to recover revenue in the future by way of a volume supplement.
The number of cartoon cards has gone out of 100 million, and the wealth management business has performed particularly well, bringing the sales of personal property to 76,541 million yuan. The wealth management business is an independent study of the macro-environment, market change and professional development, based on a financial market research team that specializes in banking.
At the same time, in conjunction with the advantages of artificial intelligence in wealth management, the first smart investment service in the banking sector – the Morang Investment – was introduced to use public funds as a base for global asset allocation, to provide clients with smart fund configuration services.
It is easier to operate by regularly interacting with clients to provide better pre-sale, middle-sale and after-sale services. Figure 47: Selecting investment preferences data. Commission costs for corporate wealth management operations now account for more than 50 per cent of the total commission, amounting to $18.85 billion in 2016
Retail fees and commission revenues reached 58.98 per cent. Retail off-the-shelf operations are growing rapidly, thanks to efficient distribution networks (both physical and electronic banking channels) built by companies.
At the end of 2016, the company had 136 self-help units in more than 130 cities in China (1,723 of them, and 10,138 of them).
Access to w+ platforms, smart marketing systems and personalized referral systems, initial construction of mobile-centred web-site o2o service processes. By 2016, the total number of online business bank clients had increased by 32.75 per cent compared to the end of the previous year, the cumulative number of transactions by online business banks had increased by 72.87 per cent and 22.39 per cent, respectively; the number of business cellular bank users had reached 290.5 million throughout the year.
The Fintech strategy is a new development plan for companies in the face of the rise of Internet finance, which is reflected mainly in the benefits of increasing service capacity through mobile interconnections, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, biometrics, etc.
3.3 Multiple interpretations of light banks have resulted in significant improvements in the efficiency of corporate operations as a whole and a marked decline in vertical comparative cost-earning ratios.
Horizontally, recruitment is also at a medium level in commercial banks, and we expect that a higher level of retail management experience and lower costs of retailing operations will result in a sustained improvement in the share of recruitment costs. Companies have not been financed since 2013, and their capital-based capacity has been gradually strengthened under their transformation strategies to reduce efficiency gains.
Capital adequacy rates (new post-2013 methodology, advanced law standards) and net capital increases at the core level (reflecting the growth of corporate profitability versus capital) are significantly faster than risk-weighted assets (reflecting mainly the expansion of corporate assets), and therefore both core-level capital adequacy and capital adequacy are showing a significant upward trend.
In terms of overall asset growth, it is more intuitive that the rate of asset growth in 2016 is at a lower level, especially since 2014, when the pace of asset growth has slowed and the rate of acquisition has ceased to depend solely on scale expansion for profit. Figure 58: The rate of asset growth by bank in 2016 (%)
In fact, because the banking system is more constrained by capital expansion (and even more demanding than the Basel agreement for important domestic systems), it is feasible to use the roe indicator to validate the high and low profitability (VAR reference pb).
Despite a marked slowdown in the growth rate of the company's roa, it can be said from the level of roae that the industry is far ahead on average, and that the quality of assets is stable — and that concerns have been overcome — macroeconomic growth has been under pressure since 2012 to adjust its structure, accelerate its pace, and the banking sector itself has been subject to multiple declines.
The impact of interest rates, despite the already high contribution of retail sales revenue and profits from merchant banks, continues to have an impact on public-end loans, and the increase in credit costs has been more pronounced in terms of delays in profit tables.
In 2016, there were some subtle changes in the situation, with a sharp drop in the rate of revenue-side increases from 21.5 per cent to 3.75 per cent (the main reaction is the heavy pricing of assets after interest reductions), while net profits increased by 7.6 per cent to $62.1 billion a year over the same period, and profit gains reversed. The reason for this is that the company’s credit costs turned around in 2016, which we interpret as follows:
Annual provision coverage has also picked up, and in the first quarter of 2017, poor performance has also turned downwards. From the indicator of loan overdues (which is generally more objective than the classification of level 5) it is clear that the firm’s excess recognition rate began to rise significantly in 2015, with a strong determination to deal with the poor.
The stability of the quality of business assets stems mainly from improvements in macroeconomic fundamentals, which can be seen in several ways: from macro-level data, we recorded 6.9 per cent of q1gdp recorded in 2017, the ring rebounded by 0.1 percentage points, exceeding the city's expectations, and the rate of economic growth showed signs of a gradual stabilization; the rate of growth in industrial enterprises jumped in 2017, even in May.
Even in the case of the current market-restricted real estate, there has been no significant decline in market concerns in 2017, with sales increasing by 14.3 per cent from January to May, mainly from the sales relay in the three or four-line cities; at the same time, the previous May was marked by an increase of 8.8 per cent over the previous year and 1.9 percentage points over 2016, which is consistent with our judgement.
At the end of the year, we've judged that real estate investment in 2017 did not have a significant rate of failure, and in addition, we have observed some micro-indicators, such as coal consumption per day in power plants, heavy card sales data, and so on.
Signs of good (without repeating) are certainly positive for the recovery of corporate profitability (as reflected in the annual 2016 report published by some of the upstream firms), which will significantly reduce future pressure on the quality of bank assets, leading to feedback on the bank’s profit statements. Moreover, we note that the supply side reforms of this round differ from their original intent, with the elimination of small and medium-sized production and the emergence of traditional firms.
In a consistent fashion, we know that the main loan clients of banks are concentrated in large enterprises, which is also relatively positive for the quality of the bank ' s assets, and that this can also be evident from the data we have observed (e.g., higher profits in industries above scale, a departure between the new pmi and the middle pmi, etc.).
It is also noteworthy that the dynamism of growth within the global economy is gradually recovering, that the economic recovery in this round is not based solely on supply-side reform policies, that we still have expectations for the recovery of demand after the current replenishment cycle, and that there is indeed a micro-level rise in consumption (white wine, electricity, cars, furniture, etc.).
While gdp may have some delays in the quality of bank end-of-state assets and corporate profitability in improving asset quality, since the beginning of the year, the Government has also provided guidance on bad asset disposal in the financial sector, the most important of which is debt conversion, including approval of the devolution of disposal of bad property to local enterprises, allowing the establishment of local amc, etc., to date throughout the country.
A total of more than 30 local amcs were inaugurated, which will also provide a significant buffer against the pressure on banks’ bad assets. 4.3 Improvement of internal causes - compressed excess industries, higher retail lending ratios, higher lending balances in manufacturing, wholesale retail and real estate, respectively, according to the industry classification of corporate public loans.
While the proportion was 21 per cent, 16 per cent and 16 per cent, the bulk of non-performing loans were concentrated in procyclical industries such as manufacturing, wholesale and retail trade and mining, companies also reduced their share of loans to these industries by 10 per cent and 9 per cent respectively, with the mining sector accounting for only 3 per cent of the total, but non-performing loans accounted for 18 per cent of all loans.
Companies also significantly reduced lending to traditionally surplus industries in 2016, while increasing the resource orientation of emerging strategic clients. According to the company ' s 2016 report, the traditional manufacturing, wholesale and retail lending balances fell by 9.68 per cent and 8.24 per cent, respectively, compared to the end of the previous year, and the emerging credit balances for the information transfer, software and information technology services sectors grew by 167.42 per cent compared to the end of the previous year.
The balance of loans in the reproductive and entertainment sector increased by 61.88 per cent from the end of the previous year.72: The structure of loans in 2016.72 Moreover, in retail loans, as noted earlier, the balance of individual housing loans in companies is now relatively high, but their negative rate is very low.
Micro and credit cards also show signs of steady improvement; corporate retail overall underperformance remained at 1.5 per cent in 2016, significantly lower than the assumptions we made on the basis of the above macro-formulations and the interpretation of the company ' s business structure: 11.20 per cent, reflected on the one hand, in the conversion of surface-side demand after the mpa regulatory test, and on the other hand, in peer assets,
The expansion of investment assets slowed slightly. 2 - On the balance of interest, the central bank had not reduced interest rates again in 2016, the pressure on asset repricing had been largely released, on the other hand, there had been little pressure on corporate equity debt, and it had similarly begun to reduce its size, and we believed that asset-end rates of return were expected to flow from peer markets - > debt.
The bond market - the real economy transfer - has made a positive positive difference for the company, and we measure the company ' s interest differential of 2017/2018 at a level of 3 per cent and non-interest: we judge that as retail operations expand from the surface of the table, their share of income is expected to rise further, and the risk of bad debt is released, with the company ' s pressure on the margin to raise; and the cost-income ratio is stable.
4. On the basis of our projections, we believe that the recruitment bank roae can remain above 15 per cent over the next three years, and take into account figure 79: the recruitment pb-bands (ttm) has experienced a sharp decline in macroeconomic growth.
Although domestic macroeconomics have shown some gradual stabilization or even improvement since the second half of 2016, there have been more monetary stimulus policies, domestic downstream demand has not shown significant signs of improvement, and macroeconomic growth pressures remain high in the future. With regard to such regulations as mpa appraisals, trade registers, etc., companies are now largely in compliance with regulatory requirements, but this does not preclude future regulatory policy evolution.
3. There are signs of firm stability in the short term, but there is still a potential for a concentration of non-performing loans in some parts of the region.