The company's three-quarter report for 2025: the company's third quarter before 2025.
Income from industry was 2,401 million yuan, compared to 3.35 per cent; net profit from withholding was 2,756 million United States dollars. Potassium chloride operations performed well, benefiting from an increase in the price of potassium fertilizer, carbon. Lithium acid operations were hampered by the shutdown.
In response to national policy requirements, the city’s supply was guaranteed, and the company released a stockpile of about 80,000 tons of potassium chloride in the first three quarters of 2025. As a result, sales were higher than the production of about 822 million tons during the reporting period.
In terms of prices and costs, sales revenue from potassium chloride in the third quarter of 2025 amounted to $2.200 billion. In terms of prices and costs, sales revenue from lithium carbonate in the third quarter of 2025 amounted to $286 million.
1. Tibetan Mining (000408): Great Dragon Copper Investment Gains have continued to rise, Production Capacity has been expanded and Investment Gains from Dragon Copper have continued to brighten and Phase 2 has been significant
Revenues continued to grow, potassium lithium production was sustainable,3 and the Tibetan Mining (000408): potassium lithium plate q3 in 2025, with the participation of a company, the dragon copper industry, producing 497 tons of mineral copper,
In the third quarter of 2025, significant progress was made on the second phase of the re-enlargement of the Great Dragon Copper Mine. The second mine selection system has been successfully tested, setting the stage for a follow-up water-connected test vehicle.
A good basis for ensuring that the project is on schedule. At the same time, the main reservoir of Dejong Pun is also safe and well-connected in the lower part of the flood hole, providing further solid support for the successful completion of phase two.
The project is progressing well and the potassium lithium production capacity is steadily advancing the Lao potassium salt mining project: steady pre-construction preparations, including water, electricity and access roads; continuous promotion of filling technology, landings,
Safety and environmental protection, ongoing testing of old halosol solidification; full-scale advancement of project design work, orderly geological survey and topographic mapping, which provides the foundation for the initial design and construction of the project.
Mimi Ostea Lake Project: progress as planned, contract for light voltage station construction has been completed and all efforts are being made to facilitate the processing of land; construction of the plant as a whole is on schedule and can be closed and temporarily heated before the temperature drops in order to ensure follow-up
Construction; matching of project loans with various banks, with steady financial security; conclusion of the Tea Card and Dragonwood Bad Salt Lake project: National Mining can steadily advance the construction of the LIS commissioning project of tons of hydroxide, which is now well-connected with the 3,300-ton production line in the first phase;
At the beginning of production, the target for lithium carbonate has been reduced.
The certificate of rights in movable property (mining rights) and the mining licence provide for the right to exploit additional mineral salt, magnesium salt, lithium mine, and boron co-mingled species on the basis of the continuation of potassium salt mining in the main mine.
In the case of the mine, 23.966 million tons of resources are held in the mines, 1.2 million tons per year of potassium chloride are designed to be produced on a large scale, 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate are used in the by-product battery phase, and the by-product industry salt, magnesium, and baboon are in the process of being developed in an orderly manner.
According to the Resumed Agreement for the Restoration of Lithium Resource Development Activities, Tibetan potassium fertilizer was allowed to resume lithium resource development activities, and the Tibetan lithium industry officially resumed production on 11 October 2025.
The plan for the marketing of lithium carbonate was adjusted from the original plan of 11,000 tons to 2,490 tons, taking into account the significant cost advantages of lithium lifting from the company ' s salt lakes, and the future release of lithium salt and potassium.
The giant copper mine continues to expand its production capacity and the copper hub begins to move up. The forward performance of the company will continue to grow, thus maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating. 1) The global lithium salt lake and lithium mine are over-expected; 2) the need for lithium batteries is not as high as expected
(iii) Less progress than expected in the mining of salt lakes and potassium from companies; (iv) less profit than expected in the dragon copper industry; (v) significant fluctuations in the price of potassium chloride; and (vi) less demand for potassium fertilizer than anticipated
The strategy and the six-year experience of new energy research. Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemicals, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of vendor research, ten years of buyer research experience, good judgment of industries and companies through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition
In 2023, you joined the Chinese securities research team, China and China, China University, and Hong Kong Chinese University, with a master's degree in science in color and new materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.