A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
LONGi – A (601012 CH)
3Q20 another beat; supply chain management
BUY (Maintain)
offset material prices fluctuation
Target Price
RMB90.00
(Previous TP
RMB72.40)
LONGi realized 3Q20 net profit of RMB2,240mn; beat our expectation. The
Up/Downside
+18.4%
Current Price
RMB75.99
Company continued to deliver outstanding GPM from wafer and module at above
30%/20% respectively, despite the fact that poly-si and PV glass price
experienced substantial hike during the quarter. We think LONGi's supply chain
China Solar Sector
management and insight to the market helped sustain its leading profitability.
Robin Xiao
Looking ahead, we expect LONGi to accelerate wafer and module sales to 2.6bn
piece and 5.8GW respectively. We raise FY20-22E EPS forecast by 8.2%-30.0%
to RMB2.25/3.10/4.06, respectively. Our TP is lifted to RMB90.0 based on
29.0x FY21E PER. Maintain BUY.
Stock Data
■ 3Q20 results beat again. 3Q external wafer/module shipment surged 23.7%
/114.6% respectively to 1.57bn piece/5.91GW. Major expenses were
maintained stable, while net financial turned negative as LONGi employed
higher debt. Operating cash flow exhibited strong rebound as bills receivables
accumulated in 1H20 were released during the quarter, and advanced
customer payment from domestic clients were mostly paid in cash due to
Shareholding Structure
tightened module supply. 3Q20 net profit was RMB2,240mn, up 51.9% YoY
and largely flat QoQ. In 9M20, LONGi realized net profit of RMB6,357mn, up
82.4% YoY, accounting for 81% of our previous 2020E earnings estimates.
Supply chain management was a key highlight in 3Q20. Poly-si price
Share Performance
experienced a sharp hike from Jul after supply disruption in Xinjiang. LONGi
was able to manage supply shortage impacts through building low costs poly-
si inventories in 1H20, and signing long term purchasing as well as upstream
investments contracts to secure poly-si supply. For PV glass, we think LONGi
took similar measures as poly-si, and the Company also intends to develop
Source: Bloomberg
more new suppliers with incentives such as large-scale order or direct
investments. Mgmt. disclosed 3Q20 GPM of wafer/module were above
12-mth Price Performance
30%/20% respectively, which were higher than our expectation.
■ GPM guidance to remain stable in 4Q20. LONGi had lifted wafer price for
several times in view of poly-si price hike. Mgmt. remained confident to
maintain wafer sales profitability with pricing adjustments as low costs
inventories were consumed. For module end, we think LONGi will be able to
pass through majority of poly-si and PV glass costs change to downstream PV
farm developers. Overall, we think LONGi will be able to sustain its profitability.
Auditor: PwC
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Lift FY20-22E earnings by 8.2-30%. LONGi's supply chain performance and
costs passthrough capability continued to exceed our expectation. Based on
wafer/module shipment of 26bn pieces/5.8GW in 4Q20 with slightly lifted ASP,
we revise FY20E EPS projection by 8.2% to RMB2.25. For 2021-22E, on the
back of accelerating capacity growth and more optimistic ASP outlook, we
raise EPS forecast by 20.4%/30.0% respectively to RMB3.10/4.06. We roll
over valuation to FY21E based on 29x P/E multiple. Our TP is raised by 24.3%
to RMB90.0. Maintain BUY.
Risk factors: 1) short of Poly-Si and PV glass to support capacity expansion
in 2021E; and 2) cell technology upgrade to HJT at faster-than-expected pace.
Figure 2: LONGi's 3Q20 and 9M20 results summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.