Postal Bank (601658): Net profit achieved High increase with continued asset excellence
Incidents: On 27 August, the Reserve Bank published its semi-annual report for 2021; the provision was significantly reduced and net profits increased at a higher rate.
The largest positive increase in net profits is attributed to the positive growth of the net profit, with SMEs committed to making the most productive contribution to China’s economic transition, which comes from the provision. Thanks to the excellent quality of the assets, the reserve bank’s provision for the first half of the year returned to normal.
Quantity: 1h21 credit impairment losses of 29.460 billion, a 12.3 per cent decrease over the same period, of which the loan impairment loss client group provides services and accelerates the flow of new zeros to data drive, channel synergies, batching zero, and operating efficiently.
The Bank has excellent asset quality and clear income-side splits: size, non-interests are contributing, with interest differentials. (1) Net interest income increased by 6.2 per cent over the same period.
The potential for growth is China’s leading large retail business, driven mainly by scale, with interest-generating assets increasing by 13.0% per year, while the difference falls by 8bp to 2.37% per year, banks. There is much to be done in the face of China’s economic and social development.
There is a delay. (2) Net non-interest income increases by 16.4 per cent over the same period, with net fees and commissions increasing by slightly over the same period of opportunity, the Bank will deepen its new development philosophy, deepen its reform innovations and accelerate its “specialization, integration”
(a) 41.4 per cent of fee income (an increase of 14.6 pct over the same year).
Continuing to improve the economic performance of the service entity, investing in services as opposed to 51.5 per cent, a drop of 0.25 pct from year to year; excluding the cost of savings agent fees as 24 per cent, compared with last year's customer capacity, working to build customer trust and identity.
Over the same period, it was largely at the same level and was at the average level of industry, with smart, robust, innovation-driven, high-value, large retail commercial banks.
In a generally downward trend, the equity end-of-end rate of return of the Postal Bank has remained generally stable, benefiting mainly from assets. In the second half of the year ahead, domestic economic recovery has been under pressure, monetary policy has been smoothed down, real financing costs have been driven, market value in free circulation (billions of dollars)
Steady policy objectives are clear; at the same time, industry deposits remain competitive, and commercial banks are expected to continue to face narrow interest differentials in the second half of the year. But, given the company’s continued optimization of its asset-liability structure, the asset-end bias towards credit and retail credit, the debt-end pressure on long-term high-interest deposits is expected to stabilize the company’s overall interest differential.
At the end of June, the reserve bank had a non-performing loan rate of 0.83 per cent, the “own-account + agent” operating model, with deep-seated channels; the customer base was strong and deposits were highly advantageous.
Banks and postal groups enter into a commissioning-agent banking agreement based on a “self-employed plus agent” model, with significant advantages in terms of points, guest groups, and deposits. The number of PBS points is far higher than that of other state-owned banks, and the network is deep, high in character, and there is much room for deep excavation.
The asset structure has been optimized in such a way that interest differentials are expected to stabilize. Postal bank lending started late, with a large gap in lending compared to industry averages, and there is much room for credit development.
Optimizing the asset structure, the credit structure, and showing growth above other state-owned businesses. The future is expected to increase further as the asset structure is optimized, the credit ratio is raised, and the company’s profitability is increased.
On average, the price advantage is expected to be maintained. Investment advice: Postbanks have a strong retail character and are more growth-oriented than other state-owned banks. Under the “self-employed + agency” business model, the channel depth is deep, the customer base is strong, the liability is strong, and the asset balance is strong.
It is expected to stabilize asset prices through structural adjustment and a solid asset quality by optimizing and excavating space.
Figure 1: Postal Bank net profit of 1h21 increased by 21.8 per cent over the year: Postal Bank net profit of 2q20 increased by 46 per cent over the year. Figure 3: Postal Bank performance splits of 1q21 and 1h21
Figure 4: Steady growth in interest-bearing assets of the Postal Bank in the first half of 2021
The Bank of the Postal Reserve (601658): The net profits have increased, the quality of the assets has continued to improve, the wealth of the East has flourished.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that the Reserve Bank (601658): Net profits have increased and the quality of the assets has continued to improve, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.