- Quarterly direct sales and marketing reforms continue to advance: the company issued a quarterly report, and in the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved business income of $32.3 billion, and \triangleright
Direct sales channels have doubled and are expected to boost the price of tons on a continuous basis. In the first quarter of 2022, the \triangleright sales generated $28.86 billion and 17.4 per cent of the series increased the sales revenue by $34.3 billion and 29.7 per cent;
In a quarter of a year, Mautai has benefited from a doubling of direct sales channels and a marked increase in direct sales over the same period of 21 years, with a continued increase in the price of Mautai tons expected by Wang Yihai, and a series of wines expected to benefit from a rapid increase in the distribution of Mauhai 1935.
In 2022, a new \triangleright product was launched, with a price of $4399, which is located between the best and the year.
The product matrix from the top down, represented by the year, the treasures, the fines, and the birth of the Xiao; Mau station, 1935 (the series of wines), at a price of $798 and the recommended retail price of $1188, complements the leftover value of the Maotai kilobit product, which is expected to be large in the medium term. In 2022, the company stopped producing 500 ml magnolia and 500 ml.
The 10 series of wine products, such as a welcome drink, have market fees tilted towards the 11 main products, such as the Mao, 1935, Han Ju, Prince Kim, Prince of Jin, and a more focused series of wine products. The Mau has introduced digital marketing laws, and marketing reforms have continued to advance.
The annual report point 2021 in Guizhou (600519.sh) proposes a “triple marketing law”, which proposes a digital marketing method to build and refine a digital marketing platform.
In order to achieve the progressive straight-up implementation of the "i-tao" company platform, a series of wine + series is expected to build up digital assets over a long period of time, make up digital assets, such as data on their own controlled customers, and enhance data shipments 2. In-depth report on the "you-state" mat (600519.sh): Focus
Use, inter alia, organic integration of client data information from all channels, internal information-sharing, unified management, marketing reforms, upscaling and still sustainable, enabling the accurate identification of high net core clients, making full use of data systems for social distributors and other channels
Data monitoring was implemented in January-February 2022 in Maotai, Guizhou (600519.sh).
The dividends of the reforms show up, and have become an important c-end flow entry for the Maotai, or have helped to speed up the growing cycle of new products in the future.
Investment proposal: The company has implemented a digitalization reform since 2022 to achieve digital asset accumulation through a power vendor platform \triangleright 2021 steady distance and 2022 sails
Jobless, digital marketing has helped to inject new energy into the marketing of the huts. The market-based reforms of the New Deal have gradually come to an end. 5. Kotau, Guizhou (600519.sh), reported that performance accelerated growth in the first quarter of 2022 compared to 2021, with companies expected to perform in the first quarter of 2022.
A steady increase and a steady advance in the reform of the New Deal \triangleright industrial policies such as expansion, taxation, etc. are at limited risk; 3) the impact of the epidemic is more than expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.