The first quarter of 2022 in Guizhou (600519), where the company achieved a gross operating income of $33,187 million in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 18.25 per cent;
The company’s 2022 opening-up data provides a solid basis for performance throughout the year. It benefits from such factors as the volume of fly-off and the placement of new products on the market, as well as the expansion of direct price increases for some of its products and direct access to the market.
The data are bright, and the net profit from the parent increases faster than previously published business data. In 2021, the company disclosed that it was working to achieve a gross business income growth of about 15% in 2022, opening a quarter of the opening.
Red lays the foundation for the company's year-round performance, the two-wheel drive and the straight line is growing fast. By category, the company has a two-wheel-drive strategy for the two-wheel drive, and the two-wheel-drive contribution of the two-wheel drive is coupled with the growth in the performance of the series.
On April 26, 2022, there was a faster growth. 2022q1 achieved $28,860 million in operating income, a year-on-year increase.
In the first quarter of 2022, corporate wholesale agents achieved revenue of $21,401 million, a decrease of 4.70 per cent in the same year; direct sales generated business income of $10,887 million, an increase in the company ' s Māori ratio in the first quarter.
The use rate is 1.60%, a decrease of 0.42% in the same year; the management rate is 6.49%, an increase of 0.11 cents in the same year. The company's two-wheel drive of the white wine industry is clear, and the expansion of the distribution channel is expected to raise the price of the product.
At the same time, the new chairman has greater confidence in corporate reform, higher market expectations for company reform, and a firm’s performance is expected to improve. Keeping the firm “pull and expectations, food security problems, macroeconomic implications, etc.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.