Mandarin, Guizhou (600519). Five lines of clarity and high quality. On 16 June 2022, the company organized the 2021 Shareholder Conference at the Mandarin International Hotel, Inhuai, Guizhou Province.
• “Hope for beauty.” The world’s first-class business goal, “Hope for beauty,” is the company’s vision of a better development and a better life. “Sry” is an attitude of constant struggle, with companies having the world’s first-class business goals.
The desire for development, the desire for excellence, the desire for excellence, the desire for culture, the desire for eternal greenness, the desire to reform thirst, innovation, the project, the thirst, the hope is a growing confidence, and the company has a unique original.
"Four Core Capabilities": "Beauty" is a life philosophy that is constantly being pursued, and "Beauty Life" is sought and created.
The five-line approach is clear, and the “five-and-a-half-a-half” companies have basically built up high-quality hair since they identified the “five-way” development path.
The Blue Line is better, and the 1455 goal is to create a world-class listed business; and the Green Line is more beautiful and unswervingly “eco-beautiful.”
The path to green development; the white line should be more productive and lead the way to change around “reform, innovation, and building.” The purple line should be more beautiful, from building cultural systems, developing cultural products, enriching cultural activities, and building.
The four main areas of cultural scenes promote culture; “Red Line” is a better word for beauty, and security and environmental protection are the bottom and red threads that companies must keep firmly in place for quality development.
We continue to appreciate the release of performance from the accelerated corporate reform process, which is expected to be higher than expected, with the direct increase in the ratio.
"Assessment report on the events in Maotai, Guizhou (600519): As scheduled: downside macroeconomic risks, epidemic consumption, output expansion below expectations, straight door red, accelerated reform prospects " 2022-03-29
Camp channels are growing faster than expected, reform processes are under way more rapidly, and prices are rising faster.
Long way, reform accelerated, on the way.  Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group. Sunsan: Master of Economics, four years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, gathering.
Caramel plates, in-depth study of the White Wine industry, etc., have been employed in the short-term potentials of the State Trust in Securities, New Age Securities, China Sea, and have been hard at thinking about the White Wine plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into Soho. What's the word: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, Master of Laws, University of Warway, United Kingdom, with a double master of law, economics, etc.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.