In 21 years, a single q opened its doors to record a net profit of 15.19 billion dollars, an 18 per cent increase from the previous year, successfully meeting the target set for the beginning of the year.
565 million tons of gin and 28.2 million tons of gin in the series. 93.460 billion dollars in the year, an increase of 10 per cent, and 12.6 billion dollars in the year, an increase of 26 per cent, compared with 15.3 per cent in the year, according to the announcement, 4q gins and wines earned around 28.47 billion per season, compared with 15.3 per cent in the year.
There has been a marked increase in the previous quarter, and we believe that this is mainly due to the steady increase in the share of Wangjeep and the non-marked, and direct distribution channels, with direct sales revenue of $24.3 billion a year-on-year, an 81.5 per cent increase, the single-season revenue of about $3.06 billion, a 2.1 per cent increase, and the success of the year-on-year targets.
At the beginning of the new year, the company increased the retail price of the new rare wine and the old wine 15, and before the spring festival, the company's series of wines, "Kurd" 1935, was offered at about 80% of the price of the wine, supplemented by a thousand-dollar product matrix, and further supplemented the supply during the spring season. The net profit from the January-February formula was 20% to the left.
Right-hand growth, good sales of the certification firm's spring-end products, and a smooth “open-door” approach. Compared with business data for the months of January-February, income and profit growth declined slightly in March, by 15 per cent and 17 per cent, respectively, but performance continued to support the effects of market-based reforms in the face of a decline in overall sales.
Management costs increased by 24.5 per cent over the same period, subject to a steady overall increase in costs, from 0.08 percentage points to 9.42 per cent over the same period.
On March 31, the official digital marketing platform “i-pot” went online for a trial, and pre-arranged purchase of products such as tiger-pots, poo-pots, 1935 and wine. In the short term, the price of the pots was significantly reduced by the outbreak and the impact of the new platform on the line (the original box price was around 2,800 per bottle, bulk price).
But as the market mood digests, in the long run, the direct platform is going to help the community to store and increase the opening rate, and the company’s initiative for terminal management will be much higher, consistent with the concept of marketized reform.
Overachieved (the target set at the beginning of the year was 5.53 million tons) and, with future technological improvements, a series of wine products could be expected to continue to expand, and given previous years of base alcohol production, the future bottleneck in the production of gins, chinaresearchdept.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.