Maotai, Guizhou (600519). Performance exceeded expectations by a quarter. On 26 April 2022, the company issued a report for the first quarter of 2022: Total 2022q1  Performance exceeded expectations by a quarter and profitability steadily increased
Total battalion 2022q1 collected $33,187 million, or 18.3 per cent; sales cost (with a reduction of 0.4 pct) and management cost (with an increase of 0.1 pct) of $32,296 million. Net cash flow from 2022q1 operations - $6.9 billion, a holding subsidiary
Group Finance Limited absorbs reduced funding from other group member units. 2022q1 returns $31,488 million, an increase of 41 per cent, a trend that continues to be positive. Operating target in 2022: gross operating income increased by about 15 per cent over the previous year;
The second is the completion of capital investment of $6,969 million.
Report on incident evaluation in Maotai, Guizhou (600519), as scheduled, with $28,860 million (17.4 per cent increase) from the 2022q1 tavern camp. Report on incident assessment in Maotai, Guizhou (600519), 2021
Study on the dynamics of Maotai, Guizhou (600519): steady access to “i huts” at the end of March, currently on the line for four products: 53° 500ml (Yugoshu Year), 53° 500ml pad 1935, 53° 375ml*2
In the first day of the trial, 26328 bottles of poo products were delivered, with 2.99 million people and 6.2 million people participating in the requisitions within an hour.
At this point in time, the platform is in a pilot phase, and the company is expected to move into a fast-rider, a new move to a new model, and the optimal adjustment is an important point of view.
Directions for reform: marketization and legalization, with the release of positive signals. During the 1450s, the optimal adjustment of the huts was an important point of view, divided mainly into price-fixing, product-modified and channel-modified structures.
In terms of product structure, we believe that the company will continue to adjust the share of non-targeted products by increasing the price of non-target products.
This is also confirmed by the increase in product prices; the structure of the series of wine products will continue to be optimized, and the internal strategy of “big monolith” is implemented, with the “1+n” monolithic group, centred on the Mao-Tai Prince's wine, which has become one billion monolithics.
This is another important point during the 1455s, and the future distribution quotas will remain the same, and companies will focus on opening up direct channels (including self-employment, electricity, business super-business, corporate acquisition, etc.). Since 2018, companies have increased their focus on investing in direct channels.
Releases, especially during the seasons of Mid-Autumn National Day and Spring Festival, have increased the breadth, depth and extent of contact with consumers with national supermarkets such as Yong-hui, regional supermarkets as high, power suppliers such as Skycat, and non-distributive channels such as Kyun-dong.
We keep looking at the brand moat, the medium- and long-term high-end alcohol pattern remains stable, macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic drags consumption, output expands faster than expected.
Sun Shan Mountain: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry,
Caramel plates, in-depth study of the White Wine industry, etc., have been employed in the short-term potentials of the State Trust in Securities, New Age Securities, China Sea, and have been hard at thinking about the White Wine plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into Soho. What's the word: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, Master of Laws, University of Warway, United Kingdom, with a double master of law, economics, etc.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.