Events: The company published its first quarterly report in 2022, and 22q1 realized a gross operating income of $33,187 million, releasing profit elasticity and enhancing profitability through direct sales in the same state of Gui Dai (600,519). During the quarter, the company's distribution channels generated $21.4 billion.
\trianglerights are in direct sales, supermarkets, electricity dealers, etc., traditional distributors are no longer increasing, but the average price for flying days is still rising.
We believe that Ipho's pre-distribution should be delivered by the liquor factory to the special store, and that most of the delivery in April was for a quarter, although it was unscathed.
The market share is low, but it still contributes to the increase in the direct sales ratio.
Revenues were 10.62%, compared to +0.92pt. Although the macro-environment changed considerably this year, the market has grown robustly and demand has not to worry too much; the series of wines, driven by 1935, has maintained a strong momentum, i-pots around 10,000 bottles of puppies 1935 a day, and their prices have stabilized at $1,400 a day.
Upward, and with greater support from manufacturers for its promotion, consumers grow up in an orderly manner, and the market is more receptive. We believe that steady growth in macho wine will inject more faith into the market for high-end alcohol consumption, and that head alcohol companies will be more resilient to macro-risks when stocks are low.
The cost rate has continued to shrink, and the profitability has increased further. In the first quarter, the company ' s Māori rate was 92.37%, compared to +0.69pt, while the average ton price of pow-barrel increased, while the price of bottled wine increased significantly after the market was 1935. Taxes were 13.43%, compared to 0.61pt;
Guizhou Maotai (600519): Direct marketing innovation: Guizhou Mautai (600519): reduced by 0.9 pct to 7.21% during the "Tai" period, the branding of which is deeply engraved in the hearts of consumers.
The scale of costs is becoming more evident; the net interest rate is the same as +1.42 pct to 55.59 per cent, and profitability continues to increase.
\triangleright Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurring epidemics
In Shenzhen, it was planned for a study by the National Land Commission (NSF) on the valuation of real estate tax bases, focusing on macros and ground.
Production, taxation, etc. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, focusing on the industry and its shareholdings, with in-depth research and follow-up on such sections as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with emphasis on valuation and inclusive thinking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.