Ecurities Center for Upgrade and Recreational Studies
At the time of the summer, the iMaotai contributed to the culture of the United States, and the regional puzzle was perfected and the light of the twilight of the twigs appeared.
Of these, 500 ml are expected to contribute about 3.8 billion and are expected to reach 4.1 billion in the second quarter.
In addition, in terms of the size of the requisitions, the average number of requisitions per day in the recent period was approximately 8.5 million, compared to 7 million per day prior to entry.
On the basis of the location of the digital marketing platform, we believe that the functionality of Xiaotao will be highlighted at the levels of distribution, product links, channel synergies, etc.
In addition to the platform dimensions, the company has been adding codes to the project and product end innovations since the second half of the 21st year.
3. "The quantum price rises steadily, and the reform dividend accelerates the release of 1935, 100ml skyscrapers, poo-side ice cream, etc. " On the one hand, the price system has been improved to meet consumption demand at all levels, from flying, living, fine and precious to the year.
Quarterly Performance Opens and Market-based Reforms Re-initiate Companies to align their products with cultural attributes, such as 100 ml-on-one culture, 43 degrees-on-air.
In view of the fact that the 100ml flight instruction price is 399 USD compared to the UFO rate below the same specifications, 2022.3.8 is clear, and that the distribution channels are generally non-speculated mainly from the direct route, we believe that the price increases are logical and direct.
Internal and external reforms continue, looking for medium- and long-term growth breakthroughs with certainty. In addition to products, channels, etc., reforms, whether in group marketing companies, or in the integration of alcohol industries such as technology start-up companies, are being implemented.
With the warming of demand and the emergence of business consumption, the BP ratio has improved significantly in the recent past, and it is expected that the second half of the year will continue to benefit from better demand chains, with good performance, both qualitative and qualitative. In the medium and long term, the long logic of the return of profits from the pipeline remains clear.
Liu Xingtao@gjzq.com.cn Risks of macroeconomic downside, risk of recurring epidemics, lack of reform of channels and food safety issues.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment