On April 11th, 2022, the price of the market reform was raised to a better quality.
In 2021, the company received the perfect income from business development: $10.619 billion in 2021, compared to +11.9 per cent, and 52.446 billion, corresponding to 12.3 per cent, and the overall performance was as expected, of which q4 received $32.41 billion, corresponding to +14.0 per cent, and current earnings from mothers amounted to $15.19 billion, corresponding to 18.1 per cent and q4 more.
The price of the matai + series has risen and the driving income has increased steadily: according to the product, during the company's life, the wine has earned 93,446.1259 billion yuan, compared to 10.2 per cent/+26.1 per cent, and the sales have been divided into two wheels of the mahogany + series.
Upwards, in 2022, without regard to the expected Pmouth price, the projected increase in the investment of precious items, year wine, etc., will contribute to a further increase in the price of tons, plus an increase in the stock of gins, which is expected to result in a significant increase in sales throughout the year.
The company’s main contributor to the growing revenue from the company’s series of products, after the company’s entry to the market at the beginning of 2022, after 1935, the market continued to be highly focused and expected to take over the company’s position at a thousand-dollar price with a core of items, with a future market capacity.
The market share of the future sauce series is expected to increase, and the profitability of the products and pipelines is rising steadily: in 2021, the Māori rate for the company ' s liquor industry rose from 0.14 ppt to 91.6 per cent, and the Māori rate continued to rise steadily, benefiting mainly from the continued excellence and direct marketing of the product structure.
In terms of operating rates, management costs have increased as a result of the increase in the remuneration of workers and maintenance costs in the past, and the Yutai wine factory in Guizhou, China, has increased significantly, but this has been offset by a reduction in the financial costs due to the increase in interest on bank deposits, and the overall management of operating costs has been maintained.
For the future, it is expected that the company’s non-standard products and direct distribution lines will continue to increase in volume, leading to a steady increase in the overall sales price and profitability of the future.
In 2022, the target was high, with a year-round improvement in performance: in 2022, the company set a target for running the business, with a year-round q1 income/mother-to-child profit score of 18/19%, and a year-round success rate of 2022. We expect the year-round rise in prices to be over-expected, with the acceleration of the company’s marketing reforms.
The target price is $2211.6, bought into the ratings: as noted above, we believe that the short-term disruption of the epidemic has had a limited impact on the end-of-life marketing of the high-end white wine market, which is sustained by a long-term increase in the supply of scarce liquor from the product base. The new Chairman of the Board of Directors, Y.T.T., took office in September 2021, and increased the effectiveness of corporate reform, and the marketization of the Mao.
It's starting to show that branding is likely to increase. The company's current internal and external governance continues to improve, with the long-term development becoming the first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd., April 2022.
Source: Bloomberg Forecast, First Shanghai First Shanghai Certificate Co. Ltd., April 2022
Source: Company Data, First Shanghai Prediction, First Shanghai Certificate Co. Ltd., April 2022.
First Shanghai Securities Company Ltd., 71 East China Road, 19th floor of the Young-Ann Company Building.
This report is compiled by the First Shanghai Certificates Limited (“Shanghai I”) and is intended for general review by investors in institutions. No material, contents or copies of this report may be copied, extracted, quoted, altered, transferred, transferred, transferred or distributed in any way to any other person without prior written permission from the First Shanghai.
The report and any data, materials, and content do not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation, risk tolerance, or any particular need of an individual investor. The Minister makes his own investment decisions, taking into account his own investment objectives, risk assessment, financial and tax considerations.
The information and opinions contained in this report are obtained or derived from sources considered reliable by the First Shanghai, but there is no explicit or implied statement or guarantee of fairness, accuracy, completeness or accuracy of the predictions, opinions or expectations contained in this report. Neither Shanghai I nor its respective directors, supervisors, employees, employees or agents are held liable for using the report or its contents or for any loss or loss associated with it.
The first Shanghai, or one or more of its affiliates, may or have published inconsistent or different reports or ideas about the information, comments, or investment strategies contained in this report. Information, opinions, and estimates are provided on a “current” basis, without any form of assurance, and may be changed at any time, with no further notice.
In addition, Shanghai I is not a United States investment advisory law (hereinafter referred to as the Investment Counseling Act, the Investment Counseling Act, and the Securities Act of 1934, or other related United States state government laws). In the absence of a special exemption from the law, any financial and investment consulting services provided by Shanghai I, including (but not limited to) what is stated in this file, are not intended to be made available to Americans.
This report is not intended to be distributed or used by any person or unit in the country or jurisdiction.
Keep all rights.