The chairman of the stockholders’ meeting proposed, \triangleright,
From the city of Maoutai to the construction of socialist modernization in the middle of the century, Mao Dai is in the middle stage, maintaining an attitude of “desiring beauty” and taking the road to a better life, satisfying the aspirations of the people. From wine production to the market, the company is growing from delicious to healthy.
Practice number: s1500520110001 Queens, Wisdom, Genius, and United States of America, moving towards a more ambitious life. Faced with the current convergence of forms, companies are eager to keep pace with the pace of development, to make progress and to achieve modernity.
We believe that the current stockholders, suppliers, distributors, executive teams, and all the people working on the ground are eager to move forward, keeping up the 15% growth line of the year, the coloured treasures, the introduction of the mausoleum, the 100ml flying day, and the reform of the marketing system.
The new essence of products is that they insist on quality and meet consumers’ needs for a better life with higher quality. For a puppies, a product is on the ground, one is market demand, and the other is quality assurance.
A team of more than 1935 thousand product ladders has been set up to meet the needs of various groups. The product is not intended to be blind, but to be produced in reverse from the base, and everything is based on quality. Diversity and balance are particularly important for the quality of white wine.
The Division’s products correspond to quality, with an emphasis on refined delicacy. We believe that companies have always adhered to extreme production and cultural expressions that create outstanding brand values and value them in quality, leading to long-term performance growth.
The cash on the books corresponds to the development needs of the project, and the core production area is still being expanded. At present, the main production area of the Mautai wine core is 15.03 square kilometres, with an area of 80,000 square kilometres to be developed and 70,000 square kilometres to be built, and how and when to use it will require scientific planning and full justification.
And the company says that the cash on the books is ready for investment in future projects, and the company is going to change, create, and build a three-pronged performance that will accelerate the project's progress towards a more ambitious goal.
To achieve 565,000 tons of productive capacity, the future expansion space is still in place, providing a stronger base for world-class businesses (60519): direct marketing innovation \triangleright
Guizhou (600519) Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurring epidemics \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In Shenzhen, the National Commission for Land Planning conducted a study on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund) focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.