Guozhou Maotai (600519.sh) opened the door to Wang 1q on schedule and continued for 22 years.
The performance in the first quarter was higher than previously forecast (a forecast of 16.6 billion dollars, an increase of 19 per cent over the previous month), and based on the previous January-February figures, the income achieved in the month of March was approximately 13 billion dollars, an increase of 15.6 per cent over the previous month, and the income recorded in the last month was 28.860 billion dollars, an increase of 17.4 per cent over the previous year, an increase of 3.43 billion dollars over the previous 30 per cent over the same period.
All showed good performance, with direct sales and non-marked volumes driven by price increases during the reporting period, owing mainly to the partial price increases in part of the products that benefited from the quarter, a series of new liquor products and direct sales channels, corresponding to an increase of 0.7 per cent to 92.6 per cent in the Māori ratio over the same period, and consumption since the official self-employed platform “i-pot” went online on 31 March.
According to relevant media reports, as of 18 April, the price of the "i-potain" had been on the line for 19 days, and the price of the poo-barrel was currently largely stable, spread around 2600 yuan/bottle, the original box was 2800 yuan/bottle, and the price of the non-marked product, such as the tiger-pot, had a certain impact on the price of the "i-pote" after it was set up, but on the other hand,
This is an indication of the increased ownership of the company’s terminal management capacity, in line with the current concept of market-based reform, which in the long run will also help to raise the opener rate and social de-stocking. The balance of contractual liabilities at the end of the quarter was $8.32 billion, an increase of 55.8% over the previous quarter, with a continuous build-up of direct sales platforms.
Institutional investors as a share of the circulation a. In the context of accelerated market reforms in companies, despite the second quarter of the epidemic and the low season of white wine consumption, with the improvement of the epidemic and the recovery of high-end white wine consumption, performance is expected to continue at a steady pace.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or re-issued for any purpose in whole or part of the report issued or printed.