On June 16, the company held a general meeting of shareholders in 2021 to discuss strategies and the direction of this year's work.
The Department, which sets 15 per cent of the revenue target for this year, has adopted a number of capacity-building programmes. 1) Since last year, the company has stepped up its efforts to optimize its product structure by introducing a range of new products, such as a collection of rare items, 1935, 100 ml and 53 degrees, at a price of more than $1,000.
In addition, the company has recently moved across the border to market and expand the market. Considering the good feedback since new items such as Maow Station 1935 were listed, it is expected that this year the company will step up its use of alcohol products and increase its market share.
2) Market wide access has been achieved since the online platform "i-potain" went live on March 31st. At present, the i-pot enrolment is close to 17 million, a significant increase compared to the initial uplink (by April 18, the registered users were 10 million), and as of June 14th, it was operational.
In the medium-to-long term, stability is the main tone of development. After last year’s “five-line” development path, the stockholders’ meeting has seen progress on the goals’ blueprint, environmental protection, innovation, culture, production, etc.
A step-by-step refinement of requirements to achieve high-quality development within and outside the enterprise. Performance in 2021 represented a “145” start, and by upgrading the process, base alcohol production, markets, environment, corporate culture, etc., the Maotai will make a solid move forward on the path to development in the future.
At present, the impact of the i-pot on prices has subsided, and according to today's wine prices, the price of the mahogany has been close to $2,800 per bottle, the price of the original bottle has risen to over $3,000, the price of the non-labeled product has been increased by institutional investors as a percentage of the share in circulation.
Since last year, the company has released signals that internal and external reforms have accelerated, that the development path has been clear, that we continue to appreciate corporate brand power and the performance releases resulting from the reforms.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.