In the near future, CVM Vice-President Lee Hong Kong said that it would accelerate the pace of the 2024 Financial Science and Technology Conference.
Promote the use of financial science and technology in capital markets and the use of new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, in capital markets. Companies, as financial leaders, have a core card position and are expected to benefit in depth from financial digitization, the rapid transformation of financial digitization, and the firm is expected to benefit in depth in the near future.
At the 2024 Financial Science and Technology Conference Forum, it was stated that the use of financial technology in capital markets would be accelerated, the maturity assessment system and indicators system of industry institutions would be continuously improved, and assessments would be conducted, oriented towards real business, based on real scenes, innovative service models, and labour would be promoted.
New technologies, such as intelligence, are being used in the capital market. Companies, as financial leaders, have a core card advantage, and are expected to benefit from the financial digital transformation in depth.
The core system of the generation uf3.0 continues to evolve and has signed several new coupons. At the capital, O452023 has been on the line in several bank finance and fund companies. Based on the ibor platform, the company promoted the construction of the ibor platform of bank finance and head fund companies and successfully signed a head base.
In the field of research, the warrenq intellectual investment desk was tested well. As the company’s products continue to evolve, the firm’s core competitiveness is expected to continue.
The offer of the equity incentive scheme is expected to further boost the company’s performance and demonstrate its long-term development of confidence.
29x and 24x. The company, as the financial leader, has a core card position advantage and is expected to benefit in depth. Client outreach is not as high as expected; cost controls are not as high as expected; technology development is not as high as expected.
Computer: software development