Permanent electron (600570) computer q3 has a bright eye and waits for release from demand.
Events: The company issued its three-quarter performance report for 2024, with revenues of $4.19 billion, or $1.19 billion, or 50.3 per cent in the first three quarters of 24 years. Single q3 achieved revenues of $1.35 billion, or 12.3 per cent, and net return profits of $420 million, or +159.2 per cent, mainly a fair value change in the disposal of other non-current financial assets
Increased gains/losses due to the deduction of net profit from the non-mortality of 130 million yuan, i.e., 51.7 per cent of the year's total net profit, and the performance of the core business of corporate insurance and the success of the new generation of core products.
Actively pursue management-side reforms and cost-side improvements. Corporate Māori ratios were more efficient in the first three quarters of the year, shifting project-based operations to new subsidiaries, and resources were more flexible and effective,24
The sales/management/research and development cost rates for the first three quarters of the year are equal to -0.22 pp/+0.95 pp/-0.60 pp to 12.0%. Financial innovation is well advanced, waiting for demand to be released.
In addition, the company released an upgraded version of its intellectual research platform, Warrenq 2.0, in September, and the large model will accelerate the process of destabilizing financial institutions and better meet the needs of the multi-dimensional business landscape.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Capital markets have been on fire since 24 September, and downstream financial institutions have been working on their profits. Given the company’s many-year-old technological advantages, it is expected that the future will be upgraded in a new round of electronics (600570): the uf3.0 memory version is positive.
1. Wealth science and technology business: Financial innovation will progress steadily, with the company core system uf3.0 running through client nodes (2), managing science and technology business: diversification of core products of science and technology business, o45, investment in the management of a new generation of businesschina
The banking finance management system summit has made a major breakthrough, the information system is steadily moving forward, and the number of downstream orders is expected to accelerate release, and 3) operational and institutional science and technology services: the main products of the operation and institutional science and technology are registered systems, valuation accounting and clearing of funds, and management platforms.
The new generation of tas has completed the merger tests with multiple head clients and will be gradually on the line in the course of the year; value products have been contracted out to 12 customers, winning the bid, considering the scope of the business, selecting three comparable shares of gold in the field of financialit, top-point software and longlight technology.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.