Three-quarter review in 2024: Capital market volatility, affecting public research assistant, Ro Woo-Kang  service system continuously upgraded and management of science and technology services slightly reduced: company ' s current net return to the mother.
In terms of sub-operations, 1) the ratio of revenues from wealth and technology services/management of science and technology services to revenues from enterprise, insurance core and financial infrastructure services ranged from +16.74 to 470 million yuan, reflecting the smooth operation of companies in the area of financial infrastructure and services. 3) Risks and equity
S & T services/operations and corporate S & T services/innovation operations/data services operations, respectively, show a small overall decrease in costs and business input is focused on R & D: 69% M & A (same as 3.59pt) of company-owned operations in the first three quarters of 2024, M & D rates change slightly and companies operate smoothly
Corporate overall cost rates drop by +1.39 pct, with sales/management/research and development costs ranging from pct/-0.6 pct to 12 per cent/15/40 per cent, respectively. The core strategy of a consistent electronic focus on first-class products is to ensure resource investment in key areas, keeping an eye on the business opportunities that enable financial science and technology.
New technology upgrades and product updates.  System upgrades are advancing, and business development is expected to accelerate: 1) Introduction of smart customer service to improve service quality.
A deep build-up, as well as expertise in large model technology - financial rag - is open to all permanent product users. A completely newly upgraded smart customer service will provide better intelligent question-and-answer services, support system maintenance and operations.
In September 2024, the company released a new and updated version of the Smart Investment Platform, Warreno 2.0, which shares the big model and carries the smart input. Warreno 2.0 is better suited to meet the intellectual investment, investment, and investment through the "big model +ai tool + financial data + scenario" model.
Financial sector business scene demand. 3) Deepening financial cooperation to lead the intellectual transformation of the industry. Companies work together with widely issued securities to create and access online “Mobile Exhibition Platforms” to widen the business processing landscape and boundaries; the "Invest Winner App" original version created by the subsidiary Worming Network; online multiple coupons; upgrade services for core business functions; and provide investors with access to smart finance.
"Hongsin Electronics (600570): 2024 semi-annual reports fast and efficient; company-led launch of the "More Models and Data Elements Synergy Innovation Centre for the Financial Sector".
The Centre explores and innovates mechanisms that are specific to large models and data elements of the financial sector, and promotes the intellectual transformation of the financial sector.
Fintech 100 Global Financial Technology Billboard, 22nd in 2024, and top in the middle. As the capital market as a whole warms up, we make a small upswing in our performance forecast.
Assessment: Cost control has been highly effective, with multiple catalysts not specified in figure 1: The Permanent Electronic Profit Forecasting Table (which was closed as at 31 October 2024) Dong Oo Securities Company Limited is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.