Short-term performance pressure, equity incentives to show confidence in growth - Research report on the dynamics of a company with a constant electron (600570/sh)
Rency@cfsc.com.cn won, mainly as a result of a significant decline in the fair value of the financial assets held by the company over the same period last year.
The decline of 16.99 per cent over the same period was due mainly to a slowdown in demand for existing products in the market, an incomplete release of demand for innovative products and an increase in competition; and a 9.17 per cent increase in business line revenue in the management of science and technology services, a steady increase, mainly due to investment flows
Easy systems; operating and institutional science and technology service line revenue growth of 3.51 per cent, mainly a decline of 0.25 per cent compared to the previous year; data service line revenue of the same wealth management Saas service; Enterprise, Insurance Core and Financial Infrastructure Section
In terms of profitability, in 2024, the company was able to concentrate its efforts and upgrade its new products.
Sales, asset allocation, crm, etc., have reached multiple customers, and uf 3.0 and memory transactions have also completed new signature cooperation with multiple customers, which has grown faster; MS 1, Helium Electronics (600570): ai enabling
Financial “digital intelligence”, financial thet's leading future, TSS's new-generation investment trading system 045 on-going signing of strategic clients, EXEC 2023-04-01.
Letters from top clients of the winning trust and bank finance subsidiary, the investment trading plate, are steadily increasing the influence of the industry; operating management product lines, with 30 clients contracted and 17 completed. The new generation of tas is in many countries.
Clients, with a marked increase in the winning rate. Operations of new head machines for integrated products. Structures: agency service lines, pb2.0, ldp high-speed trading, fpga futures, and strategic clients.
Accomplishment is well advanced, multiple clients are contracted, anti-money-laundering products are added and replaced, new products are being upgraded: data service business units, replacement of basic data product lines are progressing, intellectually ficc, intellectually
The growth rate of the Hong Kong market slowed down in the first half of the year, with a slight decline in the same year, but still in the industry.
The leading market position, with seven new clients contracted for six months; the gold-plate line, which has been independently operated through the creation of a permanent subsidiary in Nanjing, is gaining momentum.
On 24 August, the company released a plan for equity incentives to be awarded to the incentive audience for a total of 1,400 persons, including senior managers, core management, technology, business personnel and company directors who were working in the company at the time of the company's announcement of the incentive plan
It is hoped that the team will be motivated by the need for incentives to enhance corporate business performance and the future. The industry’s market environment is volatile, product R & D is not as expected, and customers are not expanding as expected.
Computers and small and medium-sized panels introduce computer and small and medium-sized industry companies.
Zhou Wenlong: Master of Finance, University of Monash, Australia
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.