q3 Profits show a bright future, waiting for active performance to turn back on, event: Helium Electronics released three quarterly reports on the evening of October 30th, and the company achieved \triangleright in the first three quarters of 2024.
q3 A significant increase in profits in the single quarter was mainly due to recognition of investment earnings. According to the company ' s performance announcement, by 2024q3, the company achieved a net return of 416 million yuan in the single quarter, an increase of 159.18 per cent, and a deduction of 132 million yuan in the first quarter, a decrease of 51.70 per cent in the same period.
The significant increase in the net profit of the mother is mainly due to a change in the fair value of the company's holdings and disposal of other non-current financial assets, recognizing a non-recurrent gain or gain of $314 million.
As a result of the decline in income from technology and services, 803 million yuan was collected in wealth technology in the first three quarters of 2024, a year after the fall.
\triangleright Trading Management System \o45 was successfully connected to the commercial Nino Asset Management Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as " HCNC " ). This is the first customer in the insurance management industry, o45, and the first in the entire industry.
The total account (including the insurance trustee account and the insurance managed product account) has been extended from o32 to o45. Against the backdrop of the current financial credit boom, a significant surge in market turnover imposes greater requirements for the stability of the trading system, and the company’s core products are expected to continue to benefit.
Queries: short-term performance pressure, issuance of equity incentives anchoring long-term performance growth slows and expects ai to create incremental demand for credit, market reforms and digitalization of financial institutions accelerate, so companies have room for valuation restoration and maintain "pull"
3. E.H. (600570/sh) 3-quarterly 2023, review: growing resilience, launching a big financial model to embrace ai, wave 2023/10/27
: significant growth in performance and issuance of premium options incentivization : significant increase in profits during the quarter and continuation of efficiency logic
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.