2021 Annual Report Review of Tiger Medicine (300347): Performance in excess of expectations, accelerating the internationalization process
Industry classification: Net profit of $123,152.01 million net of non-recurring gains and losses for pharmaceutical organisms, compared with growth in clinical trial technical services, which increased significantly over the expectations during the reporting period.
Technical services received $299,365.17 million, an increase of 97.05 per cent over the same period; Maori laboratory services received $219,371.5 million, an increase of 32.39 per cent over the same period; Māori technical services operations increased rapidly, along with clinical trial-related services and laboratory services
Business growth is fast, driving the firm’s overall performance up fast. There are plenty of orders, and there is a significant increase in overseas income. The company is now well equipped with hand orders, and there are 567 orders in progress, far more than the 367 orders in the same period last year.
See, more than half of the projects are in clinical ii, iii, iv, and are well under way. Regionally, the company achieved revenue of $274,071.33 million in the country during the reporting period, which was influenced by the increased demand for clinical pilot projects for new coronary pneumonia, and the company ' s overseas operations were higher.
As the number of new orders from companies continues to rise, and as overseas strategies continue to advance, firm performance is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future. As M&As accelerate, global research teams continue to improve R&D competitiveness.
Through the acquisition of two overseas and one domestic R & D technology firm by subsidiaries, the company’s core competitiveness in the field of genomics services, drug discovery, etc. In addition, the company has continued to expand its overseas clinical operations and project management team to enhance globalization research.
As a team leader, the company now owns 24 overseas subsidiaries, overseas project operators, and the Bedcro industry is in a period of rapid development.