Wang Wei Chul grew by 64% in 2021, and the incentive scheme guaranteed high growth.
The net cash flow of $1.42 billion, yoy+42.6 per cent and the company ' s performance is in line with and in line with expectations, of which $1.82 billion, yoy + 103.9 per cent were collected in the first quarter of q4, resulting in net profits of $1.09 billion, and the shareholdings found a five-dollar gold dividend (including taxes).
The new crown order drives a high growth in the operation of clinical trial technical services, with a high increase in the year-round: (1) corporate clinical test technical services earned $2.99 billion, yoy + 97.1 per cent, mainly benefiting from the increase in clinical trials associated with the new crown pneumonia vaccine and treatment drugs, as well as domestic and international clinical trials after outbreak control
The demand has recovered and the Māori rate has fallen by 5.4 percentage points to 44.8 per cent over the same period, mainly due to higher fees and low Māori rates for a number of new coronary pneumonia-related clinical trials, while the rest of the clinical pilot projects have stabilized Māori rates. (2) The company ' s clinical trial-related and trial service operations have generated income of $2.19 billion.
Youy+32.4 per cent of income growth is mainly due to the growth of operations such as experimental services, on-site management and data statistics services, with the Māori rate falling by 3.1 percentage points to 41.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, on the one hand because of the RMB appreciation, and, on the other hand, the recovery of the Māori low-level on-site management operations and an increase in the share of income (3).
In 2021, the company achieved a total of $9.65 billion in new orders, yoy+74.22 per cent, in hand orders of $11.41 billion, product mix \triangleright
Equity incentives and equity schemes bind core teams to contribute to high growth: the company has simultaneously released a share-holding plan (draft) and an incentive plan (draft) to add value to h-equity shares.
The equity value-added incentive scheme, with a price of $73.8/shareh, for institutional investors as a share share in circulation, includes 90 people, including managers of overseas affiliates and core staff, and grants no more than 449.9 million shares of h in value-added rights (not related to actual)
Equity, with the difference between the market price of h shares above the market price of the stock market, and ultimately cash payments as an incentive, helps the company to bind its core domestic and foreign teams, and will also contribute to the rapid growth of the company’s performance. Profit projections: taking into account the requirements of the company’s equity incentive scheme and the appraisal of the employee’s equity plan and the company’s shareholding plan
Order growth, and we're raising the profit forecast. We expect the company's net profits in 2022 and 2023 to fall short of expectations, and the impact of the epidemic is more than expected.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.