The company's net profit is due mainly to a change in the fair value of financial assets and the gains from equity transfers.
\triangleright changes in fair value plus revenue recognition increases, and 04 performance is expected to reach a one-season high: (1)
Based on the company performance forecast data, the company ' s median net profit per quarter of q4 is approximately $1.04 billion, yoy+142.0 per cent, at the highest level in a single season in history, mainly due to non-recurring company gains and losses, estimated at around $500 million to $900 million for q4 non-recurring gains and losses per quarter (1.2 to 3 times more than in the same period).
(d) Although non-recurrent gains and losses contribute more to net profits, this share comes mainly from companies and health-care clusters of products associated with company-owned operations, such as biomedicals, medical devices, etc. invested by companies
The Hong Kong Professional Investment Fund, we believe that the company relies on its own professional experience and industrial relationships, consulting services related to clinical research, and that this part of the non-recurring gain and loss is actually growing. (2) If the company is excluded unless it has a recurrent gain or gain, the company will be able to make a difference.
Clinical trial technical services (20q4 net profit yoy + 75.5 per cent) have still achieved a much higher-than-expected increase, which we believe is mainly due to the company's new crown vaccine clinical operations and the recognition of larger clinical operations as better than we expected.
Profit projection: Given that the company's performance is better than expected, we raise the profit forecast.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.