Researchchand developmentcenter over-expected performance and equity incentives to improve staff stability and drive
Quarterly report of 28 March 2022 and accelerated recovery of the company's operations.
2. Accelerated recovery of the main business, transition and upgrading driven by overseas expansion Performance over-performance, equity incentives to improve staff stability, driving firm robust growth Teg medicines (300347)
The company achieved business income of $5.214 billion a year, an increase of 12.32 billion a year, an increase of 73.90 per cent a year; the net cash flow of the company's operations amounted to $1,424 million a year, an increase of the same amount.
In the draft h equity incentive scheme, the company plans to grant no more than 449.9 million shares, or 0.0516 per cent of the total stock value of the company at the time of the draft announcement, to the target audience (up to 90 persons) in order to provide incentives for hiring or labour-related executives, core technology and business personnel.
In the draft scheme for a shareholding, no more than 782 employees, including directors, supervisors, executives and core technical (operations) cadres, were given up to 3.681 million shares at $73.80. The Māori rate fell and the scale effect significantly reduced the cost rate and increased the net interest rate.
\triangleright \triangleright’s excess fees, currency exchange losses, low combined Māori rates, and a significant reduction in the impact of scale are driven by two major business tracks, with the effect of overseas outreach beginning to show, driving up high performance in 2021.
The strong growth of businesses adversely affected by the epidemic in 2020, rising demand from customers, better control of the epidemic at home and abroad, and further economic recovery contributed to the rapid growth of company-owned operations.
Long. In clinical laboratory technology, the company achieved revenue of $5,187 million, i.e. +63.32 per cent, Quantities & Be, 106 ii, 148 iii, 37 iv and 45 iit and real world studies: in the subregion, the company shared 385 single projects in the country and 132 out of the country.
One project and 50 multi-centre projects: the company has made a major effort to expand the services of medical devices, three innovative medical devices and two personal industrial intelligence medical software have been placed on the market in 2021, and there are currently 341 ongoing equipment projects.
203 site management projects (smo) under implementation of 1,432 (+252), crc cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Over 2,700 personnel; 743 ongoing projects in operations, 485 in-country, building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City ' s Front Street in Beijing City, 258 abroad, resulting in seamless collaboration between the middle and the south, with 47 new clients in the same year, further expansion
Big impact; Fonda Holdings implemented 2516 projects (+487) and carried out multiple acquisitions and expansions in the same year, substantially increasing laboratory capacity, increasing the scope of operations and geographical coverage.
Equity provides incentives to improve the stability of the company’s employees and to show confidence in long-term sound development. As a light-asset \triangleright battalion, a personnel-driven company, there are currently 8326 employees, including project operators.
With 7602 members, 6672 in China, 320 in Asia and the Pacific (except China), 574 in the Americas, and 36 in Europe + Middle East + Africa, the growth of the company abroad has been remarkable in terms of the number of personnel. We believe that the two draft equity incentives and equity-holding schemes have helped to reduce corporate mobility and improve staff stability.
Qualitativeity, increasing the enforcement capacity of companies. Both drafts contain performance requirements for 22-23 years: Risk factors: increased industry competition, risk of declining demand for R & D inputs and outsourcing in the pharmaceutical industry, \triangleright
Li Yuzheng, a member of the team, and a doctor of medicine at the Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences, has five years of practical work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He was employed in BioMerière, Baker Mankulte (Danah Group) and has a great deal of experience in business.
He was a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro work at ppccca and paraexel, joined the Credit Certificate in 2021 and was responsible for research in the cxo industry and research in vaccines, blood products, medicine and consumption.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.