The options for the consumption of automobiles and car parts are set out in the Chang An Car Series II: Long An Autonomy - the point of the haemorrhage in the past, the future blood machine, the cycle of the autonomy product, which is ready for improvement. Since entering the 3th quarter, Chang An's brand has been changed.
The new strong product cycle, with the new medium- and high-end product cs75plus on the market, and the business plates have been recommenced and adjusted. We believe that the sales of the Chang-Ann autonomous plate are expected to revive the wind, and that the profits of the disease, which has been stifling, are expected to improve considerably.
Hemorrhaging points are expected to become future blood machines that will recombinate their plate operations and focus on core brand products.
The product market performance and positioning of the four main business units is different, with the stock/flow (million shares) of the vehicle ownership.
With cs75plus, the brand image has been further enhanced. Oshan has been repositioned to a 12-month high/minimum consumer perspective, and is expected to make a new breakthrough.
The company's overall performance has been somewhat delayed, and new adjustments and planning are expected to follow.
The long-term delay is limited by the synergy of Oshan Chang-an's brand. The long-Ao-Ao-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To, core technology is synchronized with the long-on-A-Tr-Tr-Truck system, and because of the long-term Ao-Shan-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To.
3 years, 18 new car-sharing, new modular mpa platform of the Global Research and Development Centre, 100% flat, bottom line, Ford acceleration.
- Investment proposal 2019/09/26: We expect a significant improvement in the q3 Autonomous Quarter q in Chang An's Autonomous Quarter q, as a result of its limited cost and more efficient operation.
As the first multimillion-dollar car company to be sold as a home-owned brand, Chang An Fort, who was more than the market's attention, we maintained our view of Chang An's car, and followed the Wall,
Gilly’s rise and sales overhang, and the industry’s own entry into the valley, led to a short-term dilemma. As the investor’s primary concern for profits, Chang-Aun’s autonomy has always played the role of a bleeder, with varying degrees of loss in all but 15 and 16 years, with a further loss of around $2 billion in the first half of 2019, selling cars.
Since entering the third quarter, Chang An’s brand has moved into a new and powerful product cycle, recombined and adjusted as the new medium- and high-end product cs75plus is marketed, as well as the business plates. We believe that Chang An’s Autonomous Block sales are expected to revive the momentum.
The profit from the outright disease is also expected to improve significantly, and the haemorrhage of the past is expected to become a blood machine for the future.
In essence, Chang-Ann's autonomy consists of four full-car business units under the Long-Ann flag: the Long-Air Vehicle (Long-At-At-Am), the Chang-Aun Commercial Vehicle (Au-Shan, Ko-Shang, etc.), the Chang-Aun Light Vehicle (Kei-chung, Wi-Wan, Shi-Gi), the Chang-Aun New Energy.
The repositioning of O'Shan into the consumer perspective is expected to lead to a new breakthrough. Long An Qaichen and the new energy business will be a short-term drag on the overall performance of listed companies, and a new (ii) hemorrhage point is expected to follow: Long An Queix and Long An New Energy, which are expected to separate listed companies in the future.
In February 2019, in Chongqing, the Chang-An-Little Enterprise announced its intention to introduce strategic investors in collaboration with legally owned light-car-related operations and assets. The Kai-Cheng brand has not positioned itself as “leaders of smart solutions for short-distance logistics services” and will carry all commercial vehicles under the banner of the Chang-Am vehicle.
In addition to existing products, the product will expand to micro-cars, new energy, and medium-end pickups. In the future, as strategic investors are introduced, they will gradually be separated from listed companies.
The company will further optimize the new energy technology company ' s mix-up programme by choosing an opportunity to introduce social capital.
Ben, enhancing the core competitiveness of the New Energy Technology Corporation and steadily advancing the company's new energy strategy, the Shangri-La Plan, which is expected to focus on (iii) listed companies in the future - Chang-Ann and Oshan split out of listed companies 2018.
As a business strategy, the country’s leading firms, such as the Great Wall, have been successful. We believe that the long-standing, autonomous branding line in the past really requires a focus on rebranding.
Quantities, brands, and profits are closely combined. Focus - Long Anxie brands: core brands, product structures keep moving up, management (i) Long Anxie brand profiles
With the brand name of the owner of the car as the core of the system, the core product, the technology research and development team and the resources are focused on the use of the vehicle and are located at the upper and middle end of the system. The main product covers the cs series of the suv class, the scs series of the suv class, the suction type (a compact type), the swirling (b class of medium- and high-end product), the joy and the run (small vehicle) series.
In 2016-2017, Chang An reached a high point, with a maximum annual sales of nearly 800,000 vehicles, and in 2018, with a certain drop in the downside of the city, the suv model of Cs35/55/75 is the main vehicle, with a sales ratio of around 20% and the sedan model.
Fugitive series with a sales share of more than 15%. With the suv product cycle since 2015, the long branding of the entire carasp has been optimized in its continuous upswing. (ii) Car-type platform harmonization
Starting in 2016, the R&D strategy for products such as “modularization, platforming” was introduced, resulting in the formation of four production platforms for the interoperability of spare parts, with plans to introduce multiple models for each platform, including cars, suv and mpv.
To meet the needs of different user types across all markets, and to increase market share rapidly. Of these, the p3 platform is a classic platform for long-term security, based on which multiple models, including traditional and enhanced sedans, and suv and mpv are launched.” In addition to the medium-sized p3 platform, p1, p2 and p4 will be for small, compact and medium-sized cars.
One level platform, currently built on p3 platform, is a long-term swirling cc and swirling platform. p4 platform, a series of cars.
A compact sedan, a small car, a large car.
The Changan Motors Strategic Platform, which includes the Gedo's main drive to develop a car model, and the family's drive to improve R & D efficiency.
In June 2019, Changon officially released the new powered R & D platform – the engine platform – which is the first power platform built over four years by the Chinese automobile brand based on modularization. The Blue Whale ne power platform is designed to fit 1.0-1.8l, with a 98% rate of universalization, and production line automation and intelligentness are internationally advanced.
At the same time, the Blue Whalene power platform presets the European 7 upgrade path, with a light-quantified technical indicator of 3.0 nm/kg, fully compatible with 48v light long-term autonomy -- the past hemorrhaging point, future blood machines, hev mix, phev plug-in, reev multiplier mix, etc., and embraces the entire Electrification era.
(iv) Family-forming platforms, improved efficiency of modeling research and development, and the introduction of a new family-forming design by Chang An, which has been optimized over the last two years, give new car values a new sense of impact on people's eyes and ears. Family designs such as Flutter-wing front-face, cross-cutting taillights, etc., have greatly enhanced brand recognition and will also effectively reduce design.
(1) Flutter-wing front-face: a family-made design style that is more like a branded car of the same age, and most capable of reflecting similar features as the front-face part of the gas grid. The Chang-An front-face uses a butterfly-wing face, a normal version of the car, a unique hexagonal gas grid that connects to a sharp light on both sides of the line, and looks like it's so sharp that it's all over the atmosphere.
The front-face of the vehicle uses a large area of diamond-shaped net-into-gas grids, which are more heterogeneous in visual terms than normal designs. (2) Cross-cutting taillights: the design of the tails remains stable, the design of the main taillights is based on the design of the tails, and the exhaust tubes are based on a very high-intensity bilateral double-out layout, which looks more hierarchical. (cs35, new cs55, cs75 tail design)
(v) Family interior interior platform, interior interior design efficiency, which is another important part of the cost of whole car design. Since 2018, the Chang-An brand has been working on a whole new family inner language: the conjoined cabin style, the middle-screen penetration, etc., has led to a significant increase in the overall level of long-an-branching and, at the same time, a change in it.
(vi) Strong product cycles, with a clear upward trend in sales, since 2019, with the introduction of heavy-pound products such as Chang Ancs85couple and cs75plus, have led to two years of long-term autonomy.
Over the next two years, there will be a long-term, autonomous product cycle.
Long Ancs75 replacement. Long Ancs75plus.
Long Ancs55 replacement.
Focus - Aoshan: The future is in synergy with Chang An's brand, with limited short-term drags. The Aoshan car was preceded by a long-term commercial vehicle, a pioneer in a cross-cutting vehicle (microcar), representing the star of long-term traffic. Since 2012, as the income of the population rises and the comfort of buying cars increases, the market for the microsurface is shrinking, replacing it with less than 100,000.
In this context, the long-ann commercial vehicle began to seek a positive transformation from a microfiche to a major attack on the suv and mpv fields. From 2015, the company launched the suv product, Acx70, Acx70t. Home-based mpv products, Ono, Oshan.
The company’s transformation process has naturally been accompanied by a steady search for sales of its original products, and the vehicle has been largely out of sale. New products, with a cumulative volume of 4.17 million vehicles per month, are expected to increase their sales year-round compared to 2018.
On the profit side, low-cost test-water breakthroughs occur as a result of sharing the R & D system with Chang An. Long Aoshan relies on the Chang An Car Global R & D system, where core technologies are synchronized with long An, where always-driven technologies are derived from the Blue Whale program, which includes Blue Whale hair, Mot. 1.5t, 1.8t, 2.0t, Blue Whale ne1.4gdit engine, which is used mainly in Aoin 6at, 8at, matching blue whales.
Gold power mix. At the same time, with the new modular mpa platform of the Global Research and Development Centre for Chang-Aoshan and Chang-Ao-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ai, Long-Ao-Ae-Ae-Aan, Long-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-Ae-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-P-P-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-P-P-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-P.
In short, O'Shan is a high-end product in water tested at a limited cost, which is important for brand direction. The sales are now expected to go from the bottom, with limited overall drag on Chang-Son’s self-profits.
In the first quarter, the Chang-Ann autonomous plate lost about 2 billion dollars, in the second quarter a significant reduction was achieved, including through the reduction of efficiency gains, and in the third quarter, with the introduction of high-end cs75plus products in the owner's brand and the start of the new product cycle, the point of performance is clear. The business plates will now focus on the core of the vehicle, gradually displacing non-core assets, and the long-rider owner's brand is expected to be removed.
Step-by-step gains and Europe’s modest drag, looking at a long-sleeved, autonomous Jedi turn from the blood point of the past to a future blood machine. We expect that the three-quarterly improvement in the Chang-An-Aan auto q will be significant, even better than that of the long-Amford, which has a high market profile, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating for the Chang-Am.
1. The company ' s new model is not marketed as much as expected;2 Lincoln ' s national production is not progressing as expected;3 and the motor vehicle sector is recovering less than expected.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report