The depth of the 002074 is reported to be a three-dollar lithium battery, which is ready for launch, consolidates the lithium tap, expands the industrial chain in depth, and consolidates the power cell tap.
Created, focusing on the power cell area, in 2014 began to show a 2.3gwh annual output in the power cell sector, a 130% increase in the same year, with the city accounting for nearly 10%, ranking fourth. In 2016, power cell revenues are expected to exceed 4 billion and net profits over 1 billion.
At the same time, the strategy is to expand upstream and downstream to control costs and develop markets. Upstream, phosphate, iron and lithium material is self-supplied. Three orthodox material will gradually become self-sufficient, and 80 million square years of diaphragm will be produced in collaboration with star-sourced material, 5,000 tons of silicon negative polar material.
On the downstream side, a 3.75% share of the new energy source, with a share in the North, creates a deep strategic partnership, and maintains a good partnership with a large number of mainstream car factories. The power cell industry shuffled in 2017, and the strong have won.
A new version of the subsidy policy has been put in place and, despite the marked decline in subsidies, uncertainty has been removed, with more than 750,000 vehicles expected to be sold in 2017 by cars and logistics vehicles, followed by a system of points and multi-cars, with a further 2 million expected to be sold in 2020.
For power cells, the volume of deliveries in 2016 was 29gwh, with an end-of-year capacity of over 60gwh, an estimated volume of 37.8gwhe in 2017 (a 29% increase over the year), an increase in excess capacity in 2020 of 94gwh, 2017, and expected battery prices
This is accompanied by an increase in the market share of three-dollar lithium electricity (the energy density requirement for power cells is also expected to rise significantly in 17 years). Five power companies have more than 70% of the electricity industry by 2016, and the top five have significantly higher production capacity, which is expected to increase significantly.
In 2017, further concentration will take place, leading companies are expected to win in industry shuffling. The company’s three-dollar lithium battery is ready, and the phosphate lithium is advancing steadily. 1) The phosphate-diathy side, in response to the slow growth of the new energy passenger vehicle, is the company’s new development of Yutong and North Volt Fukuda.
In the future, lithium phosphate has remained stable as a whole. 2) The company has developed a 2gwhh lithium electric capacity that will expand to 2gwh per year, leading the development of car customers such as the North Gas, the People's Tai, and Chirre.
Economics highlight that sales are expected to reach 50,000 and, in addition to other models, triple exports are expected to reach 1.8 gwh, with an average estimated price of $1.75/wh, a Māori ratio of 38 per cent, with lithium three being the main growth point in the future.
The proposed 3.6 billion plus lithium majors, with a high share of shareholder subscriptions showing strong confidence; the growth of the corporate power cell market has not been as expected.
1. Deep extension of the industrial chain, consolidation of the power cell tap, steady and steady, and continued consolidation of the power lithium battery tap.
In 2006, 3.35 billion dollars were injected into East End Electric in 2015 to complete the mortgage. President Li Xing, the company’s powered lithium battery, delivered 1 gwh, generated a net operating income of 2.745 billion and earned 585 million in the first battery. In 2016, the company increased its capacity to produce by the end of the year.
While the company is steadily expanding its customers of phosphate, it has been able to release the three-dollar lithium capacity in an orderly manner and seize the opportunities of the industry in a timely manner. The company’s customers of phosphate lithium are predominantly dragons, middle-tons, Ancé, etc. The company’s new customers, Woo-ton, North Volvo Fukuda, etc., were added in 2017 to cope with the new energy bus market as a whole.
At the same time, the company has been active in the deployment of three-dollar lithium electricity, which has now produced 2gwh production capacity, backed by passenger and logistics vehicles, and has entered the North, the People's State, Chiré, and the Up-Train, which in 2017 has sustained a high rate of growth in the company's performance with the relay phosphate lithium.
Company technology leads, deep extension of industrial chains, and tied downstream customers, actively addressing the risk of excess capacity in the battery industry, further entrenching the vanguard position. Power cell capacity will be surplus in 2017, inevitably leading to price declines, based on well-structured upstream industrial chains, and the company is currently operating.
The company's positive material is basically self-supplied, built in partnership with the star-sourced material, will be produced in mid-80 million diaphragm years, and will build 5,000 tons of silicon negative material, thus effectively controlling costs and coping with falling industry prices. Second, the company binds tourists through depth.
Households, stable supply relationships, such as 3.75% shareholding of the new energy source, deeper cooperation with the whole car, and greater market share.
1) Upward extension to enhance cost control. The industrial alliance has become a trend in the power cell industry, where the battery is a medium-trip link and faces the risk of higher prices for upstream materials and lower downputs for the whole downstream car factory, thus facilitating the ability of the battery company to negotiate and control costs and maintaining reasonable benefits.
At the same time, the industrial chain is open, allowing battery companies to respond quickly to the different needs of their customers, and to develop and promote technological advances. The National High School has now formed a pattern of upstream material production, middle- and middle-stream power cores, and components manufacturing, and participation in the downstream whole vehicle manufacturing and recharge facilities.
Positive material: Lithium phosphate is entirely self-supplied and tri-materials are gradually being produced. The company currently has 8,000 tons of lithium phosphate production capacity (to meet the needs of 3-4gwh power cells), is building 10,000 tons of high nickel orthodoxy material and is partially operational.
As a result of the significant impact of positive materials on battery energy density, safety, circulation, etc., companies have stepped up their research and development efforts, producing their own resources to meet battery technology needs. At the same time, positive materials account for about 30% of the cost of the core, and companies provide their own resources.
Imbrane: 80 million square metres of wet membranes will be produced in mid-17 years in collaboration with the star material. The star material is a domestic dynamic diaphragm tap, with diaphragm technology and market share leading.
Co-operation to create a compost source (with 35% of the company ' s shareholding), strong alliances to build 80 million damp diaphragm production capacity and two coating lines, which are expected to become operational in June 2017, will meet the 4gwh battery demand.
Negative material: leading silicon-based negative-polar material. The company plans to raise up to 5,000 tons of silicon-based negative-polar material. The prevailing lithium negative material in the market is graphite (about 90%) negative-polar material, but graphite has a theoretical capacity of 372mah/g, while pure silicon has a capacity of more than 10 times its capacity.
More than four times as much as 4200mah/g of graphite. So the use of silicon negative poles is an important means of increasing the density of lithium electricity, but silicon has a weakness in volume inflation, and to solve this problem, it is usually beneficial to use silicon and graphite composites to add 5-10% of silicon to graphite.
There is no large-scale industrialization, but there are important developments, with companies pre-positioning this area. Thus, through their own upstream materials, the Māori rate of company batteries has been maintained at more than 48%, well above the industry average 2).
In 2016, the company bought 3.75% of the new energy from the North with 307 million shares, and the two sides further strengthened their cooperation in electric vehicles. On the one hand, the two sides strengthened their power cells, cooperating in research and development, and on the other hand, the company further expanded the supply of the new energy-power batteries from the North.
The main supplier of the ec 180 national car to the North, together with the 150,000 new energy vehicles produced annually by the North Gas New Energy Lacey Base and the construction of an annual 1 billionah (3.6gwh) power cell production base, which is now in operation at 1.1gwh.
The new North Gas energy source is a new energy engine, with the main products of the North Gas e Series and the North Styrobe, with a strong competitive advantage in Beijing. In 2016, the new North Gas energy sales reached 47,000 stations (an increase of 176% compared to the previous year), representing a market share of 13% of the new vehicle market, and a vehicle for the new energy source.
In addition, the company works with Jiang Huai, Congtai, Chirí, etc. The company is also actively developing the post-charged market, further strengthening its collaboration with the entire car factory.
The Department's proposed programme to raise funds for the construction of 210,000 annual new energy vehicle recharge facilities and offline spare parts, to leverage the technical advantages of East European appliances, and to further strengthen cooperation with the entire vehicle plant to improve the energy density, life cycle, safety and other indicators of power cell activity.
The company has eight R & D departments, including the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Materials Branch, the Battery Branch, the Pack Branch, the bms Branch, the fmea Branch, the power-drive branch and the Craft Branch. It also has compost in the United States, Germany, Japan and the country, and Shanghai.
Independent R & D institutions, with new energy vehicles in Silicon Valley in the United States and new energy sources in the North, share more than 5% of annual R & D costs as a share of business income, and $135 million in 2015, with R & D expected to exceed 250 million in 2016.
One of the three battery companies on the special list of the R & D project “New Energy Motors” has received some 100 million central financial support, as shown by the firm's strong R & D strength.
The new subsidy policy supplements passenger cars with the largest adjustments to the standards, dividing them into non-fast-filled, electric-powered passenger cars, fast-loaded passenger buses, and so on.
Plug-in hybrid passenger vehicles at different points in three different types of passenger vehicles ($1,800/kwh, $3,000/kwh, $3,000/kwh) according to battery capacity, and for three categories of passenger vehicles at different technical parameters (system energy density, fast charge rate, fuel saving rate level)
At the same time, a one-car subsidy cap has been established, with the exception of non-fast-filled electric buses, which are 90,000 metres (64% lower than the 2016 subsidy) and 200,000 metres (50% lower subsidy), with a greater impact on passenger-car enterprises in the short term.
In the new version of the subsidy, 20,000 and 36,000 per bicycle and 44,000 per mileage were allocated to pure electric motor vehicles, respectively, and 24,000 to plug-in bicycles, the standard of which was 20 per cent down the slope in 2016, consistent with the previous plan. In 2017, the driving force of new energy usage was mainly from two sources: medium and high.
The end-type, which is the product of a restricted-of-the-line city, and a mini-pure electric vehicle in 10,000 places), is sold at a price of only about 50,000, which is economically significant, growing in a wide range of spaces as the city’s scooters complete their recharge facilities and consumption habits.
Specialized vehicle allowance is accumulated according to the battery capacity component, with a maximum of 150,000 bicycle subsidy. According to battery capacity, subsidies are given in three segments, 30 kwh, 30-50kwh, 50 kwh and above, respectively, in pure electric special vehicle and van, with battery capacity of 188 kwh, 30-50kwh
There are 409, 50 kwh and above, 460, the average electricity subsidy is $1,500, $1427, and $1251, based on our measurements. The mainstream vehicle (below battery capacity of 50 kwh) corresponds to 20% of the 1,800/kwh subsidy standard slope in 2016, compared to the adjustment.
The range is limited, while the high battery capacity vehicle subsidy is much reduced. In addition, the capacity of the logistics vehicle is over 111 kwh, reaching a single vehicle ceiling of 150,000 (the number of such vehicles is smaller).
An inspection of the energy density of the pool system and 100 km of electricity consumption requires a system energy density of more than 90ww/kg. According to our analysis of the 1-9 purchase tax waivers for 275 passenger models, nearly 30 per cent of vehicles do not meet the technical requirements and 18 per cent of the 100 km electricity consumption target does not meet the requirements.
2) New energy passenger vehicles increase the mileage and unit load mass energy consumption (ekg) requirements and new battery system quality and energy density indicators.
To increase the ekg indicator to less than 0.24wh/km.kg, while requiring the total mass of the battery system to not more than 20% of the total preparation mass of the vehicle, the energy density of the non-fast charged pure electric bus system to be higher than 85wh/kg, with higher requirements for battery energy density and light quantification of the whole vehicle.
The energy intensity of the new battery system and the consumption of unit load quality energy in the energy specialized vehicle. 4) For new energy vehicles purchased by non-individual users, a cumulative mileage of 30,000 kilometres (except for operational special vehicles) is requested, meaning that the subsidy will be extended for a period of six months to one year, and that the vehicle enterprise and operation will be operated.
With the increase in sales of new energy and logistics vehicles and the rise of three-dollar lithium electricity, cars will need time to adjust their models and marketing plans, and sales are expected to recover in the second half of the year.
Car companies need to increase their technical targets to obtain higher subsidies, based on subsidy criteria, while new energy vehicles are expected to be available for the second half of the year, owing to lower subsidies and local subsidies not to exceed 50%, re-priced and market schemes.
In the long run, it is expected that the system will be in place, with long-term growth trends in the industry, maintaining the expected output of 2 million vehicles in 2020.
In 2017, the demand for power cells was 37.8gwh, of which the demand for lithium three was 14.7gwh, maintaining a high rate of growth, while lithium phosphate was subject to a slowdown in passenger vehicle sales, with limited growth. Overcapacity in power cell production will be highlighted and industry concentration will increase further
The growth rate of new energy vehicles has slowed into medium- and high-growth periods, in contrast to the massive release of power-powered power-generation capacity. The output of power-powered batteries reached 29gwhh in 2016, compared to 72% in the top five manufacturers, and market concentration has increased further.
According to our statistics, the combined annual chemical capacity of 13 battery manufacturers by 2016 reached 43gwh, with an average annual capacity utilization rate of 58%, and by the end of 2016 it had reached 60gwh, whereas according to our estimates above, about 38gwh was needed for power cells in 2017.
Inevitably, excess power cell capacity will lead to a fall in prices, while technology and customer resources will become the core competitiveness of manufacturers. The price of the mainstream phosphate lithium battery has now fallen to $2.
/wh, the price of the triple battery fell to $1.8/wh, with more than 10% of the projected reduction space in 2017, which places a higher demand on the cost control of the battery company. In terms of market expansion, technology water is flat (high energy density, good safety performance, long life) and deep binding of the vehicle battery.
The current energy density of the mainstream phosphate lithium battery system is 100-110 wh/kg, $310wh/kg-120wh/kg, and the technical requirements for battery suppliers have increased as a result of the linkage between the subsidy policy and the battery energy density.
So market concentration will increase even further, and the strong will stay strong. The pattern of competition in power cell markets has been largely determined, with the top five manufacturers being Biadi, Catl, Watma, Power God, and the state.
And most of the leading companies have triple power, battery capacity, enough to cope with the slowdown in the growth of the phosphate lithium battery and the rise of the three-dollar battery. 3. The three-dollar lithium battery of the company is ready for release, and the phosphate lithium is growing steadily.
Expanding new customers to promote a steady increase in sales of lithium phosphate batteries, expected to produce 2.3gwhh in 2016 from the company ' s lithium batteries, mainly phosphate lithium, with bus companies, including China-China, Kinlong, Ancé, etc., all leading new energy passenger vehicles.
Industry. At the end of 2016, the company produced nearly 6 gwh, of which the Trinity produced more than 2 gwh, and we judged that, with the expansion of new energy and logistics car customers, trinity is expected to replace lithium phosphate as a new growth point for company battery operations.
Expand new customers to promote a steady increase in sales of lithium phosphate batteries. The overall penetration of new energy buses has reached 25 per cent (over 60 per cent of the public transport system), and in 2017, the supply chain, on the other hand, has been actively expanding new customers to increase the rate of city penetration against the industry.
In 2017, the company’s new expansion of passenger vehicles included the Woo-tung bus and the North Volvo Fukuda. The number of new energy buses sold by Woo-tung is the highest in successive years, and is expected to lead to a steady increase in the volume of sales of company-owned lithium phosphate batteries.
In order to meet the needs of the power lithium market, the company will be able to add more than 2 gwh per year. Building capacity will be based on three main bases: the Lacey plant in Qing Island.
A new energy package with a planned capacity of 3.7 gwh, with a planned capacity of 3.7 gwh, has been put into production of 1 gwh; the second is the construction of 3.5 gwh lithium capacity in Tangshan with the Hosni Mubarak Space; and the third is the construction of 3.5 gwh lithium capacity in Sichuan Chau County with the Conseng stock. It is expected that the company will steadily release capacity according to market demand.
In order to expand the demand for finance, the company proposes to release no more than 115 million shares in public and raise no more than 3.6 billion in funds to support power cells and their accompanying upstream materials and downstream facilities. New energy vehicles are expanding well with logistics car customers, and three-dollar lithium batteries are ready for release in 2016.
Three three-quarters of the company's 350 million an hour and 300 million an hour of Lithium capacity at the Lacey factory in Qingjia have been put into production, amounting to 2 gwh. In 2016, nearly 1,000 vehicles were set up, and the technology has been recognized, and the company will accelerate the replacement of the $3 ncm and 622.
It's a company's deep cooperation vehicle, the company's main supplier of car-type ec180 batteries in 2017; the company's phosphate lithium batteries were introduced in Jianghua, and it is expected to be converted to triple.
Commercial car companies are mainly equipped with pure electric animal currents for motor vehicles. They were officially listed in January of the year, after deducting concessions such as state subsidies, at a sales price of $498-558 million. ec180 carries a lithium battery of 20.3 kwh with a continuous mileage of 156 km.
101 km, location in the city, economics are very important. This type of mini-electric vehicle, based on Gilly and the same type of car, has a large market space on three or four lines of cities and urban areas, and ec180 is expected to be the main vehicle for North Gas to enter other areas from the Beijing market. North Gas New Energy 2017.
With a target of between 80 and 100,000 ec180 vehicles, the target is expected to bring the country close to 1 gwhith of lithium (equivalent to 50,000 vehicles).
In terms of powered lithium: 1) lithium phosphate, the company ' s power cell is expected to produce 2.3gwhh in 2016, basically lithium phosphate, and we're judging that the sales of new energy buses in 2017 were slow and the demand for new ones was limited, but the company's new expansion of new energy buses like Woo-dong, North Volvo Fukuda, etc.
In industry, the increase in city occupancy could slow the surge in the rush industry, so we'll be able to determine that the company's phosphate lithium battery will maintain a 30 per cent increase.) In the case of the three-dollar lithium battery, the company's capacity at the end of 2016 exceeded 2gwh, and with the rise of new energy use vehicles and pure electric animal currents, the three-dollar lithium electricity will rise at a high rate.
At present, the company is equipped with vehicles such as the North Gas, the People's Day, Chirre, and the Upper Motors Express, where the North Cars are equipped with the ec180, and the location of the minibus in the city's interior is expected to enter a large number of three or four-line cities, depending on its economic nature. If the vehicle is sold to 50,000, it will generate 1 gwh, plus a 3-dollar lithium.
Other vehicle-type drivers, we're judging that the sales of three-dollar lithium in 2017 are expected to reach 1.8gwh. Lithium power battery prices and profitability: the current market price of the mainstream lithium phosphate module has fallen to $2,000/kwh (including taxes), the growth rate of new energy buses slowed down in 2017, and phosphate lithium has slowed down.
$M/kwh (including taxes), based on good cost control, is expected to reach 38% of the company ' s three-dollar lithium power, below the phosphate lithium battery, but as capacity expands, the scale effects are highlighted, and gross transmission and distribution operations are expected to remain stable based on good market expansion by the company
Thanks to the steady increase in the release of the three-dollar lithium battery capacity and in the delivery of the iron phosphate battery, the public administration can still maintain a high rate of growth. We maintain pre-profit forecasts, and we expect companies to be able to do so.
1) Decline in support of the new energy car policy, slower growth in industry, power cell city 2) power cell market due to excess capacity and intense competition, resulting in lower prices, and company surplus 3), the release of power cell energy is not as fast as expected.
4. The company ' s power cell market has not expanded as expected, and sales have been frustrated.