The expected high performance of MFI (603986.sh) 24 is expected to result in a sustained build-up of the platform/multi-typeic company The projected double recovery/distribution in multi-area heating and a significant reduction in the associated impairment loss of assets.
With the addition of supplies, companies’ products have grown significantly in terms of income and sales in a variety of areas, such as consumption, connectivity, computing, etc. In 2024, companies continued to pursue a market-centred strategy, increasing R & D inputs and product overlaps, optimizing product costs, enriching product matrices, and increasing the competitiveness of companies’ multiple product lines.
EDram: The current R & D focus is still bridging the ddr4/lpdddr4 small-volume product, with prices of 25h2 expected to return steady. The company dram business will continue to revolve around the niche market layout, and as mainstream product capacity, speed, and specifications move forward, so will the niche market.
Smart home appliances, tv, video equipment, video surveillance, industry, auto instruments, etc. The company adapted the fund-raising to the fact that it felt that lpddr3 was almost at the end of its life, as home-based smart video devices were heading towards Sun Peak.
As tv, iptv further develops, it is likely that it will be used for lpddr5, which is higher than ddr5 and is characterized by low productivity. The focus of corporate research and development is still on lpddr4, ddr4.
In the second half of 2024, Liquidram’s market prices began to fall, largely offsetting the first half of the year’s increase. For 2025, the company argued that it had done so before.
Two quarters of the base-dram will remain in the bottom-of-the-price phase for the second half of the year, and as the market cools down, there will be more innovation: there will be limited room for the basedram price, the tailings of large plants will be lost, the supply pattern will improve, prices will be expected to pick up steadily, and so will the company's profitability.
Continuously benefiting head-manufacturer cut-off/exit-gold securities-electronic improvements. Customized dram is one of the company’s future directions. Customized storage products are not standard interfaces or generic products, project development cycles are long, performance release cycles are slow, and companies are setting up and forming green technology.
Micro-innovation: acquisition of Sioux core for simulation development, adaptation/special team to serve clients. Customized storage interfaces, capacity, compared to standard interface storage products
The application scenes include iot, smart terminals, product definition from the specifications of the client’s product, and usually the client chooses and defines indicators such as bandwidth, power consumption, etc.
In the case of aipc, there is a demand for more capacity as the number of code quantities of bios programs increases.
If the pc totals remain constant, the increase in the volume of the program will lead to an increase in the capacity of noorflash (capacity step by step, springwinds-gold securities-electronic-mega-innovation- company depth).
In the case of headphones, there is currently no innovation other than oscillating: maintaining a predominantly city-based expansion/
Industry head brands demand more capacity for norflash, and most of the medium- and low-end tws headphones are made by optimizing the product matrix - Hmg Gold Securities - Electronic-Mega-Innovation - and the functionality is relatively simple, so the capacity requirements for norflash are small. If one headphones can be upgraded in the future,
If future consumers want the headphones to be added to the ai function, the demand for the power of the headphones will increase as a result of an increase in the permeability of the headphones, even if the total number of headphones is not increased, as long as the single capacity rises, it will have a positive effect on market size.
In 2025, the noorflash competition remained intense, the industry had not yet been cleared, and, in a weak recovery environment, the new requirements were not sufficient to fully absorb the full capacity of the industry. The company believed that the price margin would continue to run through the bottom, but one would continue to dig into the new direction of mcu, and the acquisition of cores would increase competitiveness.
Long space, companies are also continuously digging for new directions, such as car regulation mcu, which is completely different in business patterns and consumption, and industry-grade mcu. Simulation: Simulation operations that rely only on the company’s existing team are slower, while generic material numbers are often highly competitive and are designed to be sufficiently competitive in the industry to make their customers generally accept easily available products.
The core has relatively leading products, stable customer relationships and a certain brand profile in the area of single-simple lithium protection: battery-grade lithium protection products are expected to continue to grow in the future: other products such as multiple lithium protections, power meters, power management chips have strong synergies with companies in the market, customers and supply chains.
By buying, companies can further strengthen simulation teams, upgrade battery management and related technological reserves, and continue to expand the product lines and open new markets, helping to support the long-term development of corporate simulations in terms of scale, depth and breadth of sales, and enhancing corporate overall competitiveness.
The mcu department store, in the context of smartness such as consumer electronics/car electronics/industry, is capable of switching or copying the noorflash development path, with income size/profit potential expected to grow again, adding up the M & A project implementation to improve the company's overall competitiveness.
Macro-environment and industry volatility risk: supply chain risk: exchange gains and losses risk: inadequate pace of M & As projects