Non-financial first-time coverage report 603986.sh) - Traditional business is growing steadily and dram's business drives the company to a new level.
Investment rating: Purchase (first time) Micro-Innovation is a semiconductor design company that focuses on storage devices, mcu and sensor solutions.
The Division’s core product lines include flash (nor, slcnand), memory (dram), microelectronic control chip (mcu), intelligent interactive sensor chip, etc. Basic disk products continue to be rich and the city’s share is rising.
The research report shows that in 2023, the company ranked second in the world in its serialnorflash. In product strategy, the company’s core expands the product series of large capacity, high performance, low power consumption, low voltage, etc.
Over 600 + mcu products to achieve full coverage of high performance, mainstream, entry level, low power, wireless, car regulations, and specialized products. The company’s nandflash product has already achieved full production of 38 nm and 24 nm, and is using 24 nm as the main process, with capacity covering 1 gb ~ 8 gb, where spinandflash is present.
Consumer electronics, industry, automobile electronics, etc. have achieved full product coverage. Liquidram memory operations have continued to grow on the basis of product expansion. The company ddram product groups have continued to expand, with ddr3l, ddr4, lpddd4x products that now cover ddr3l1gb-8gb, dddr44gb/8gb,
lpddr4x16-32gb, with continuous improvement in coverage. According to the company ' s November 2024 Bulletin on Reconciling Partial Resourcing Projects, New Replenishment Projects and Permanent Replenishment of Liquid Funds with Partial Replenishment, the company will then start research and development of lpddr5.
The company is expected to benefit from technological changes in the industry as the market continues to flourish on multiple layers of dram. The multi-story dram memory is a technology that stacks multi-story dram memory chips and can achieve a significant increase in capacity and bandwidth to expand the high-capacity, high-bandwidth landscape, with Hbm and Cube programmes being typically multi-story drams.
ddr5, lpdddr5dram, limited by the number of its interfaces, the bandwidth is difficult to increase significantly. hbm has achieved a leap in bandwidth by significantly increasing the number of interfaces (1024 from 64 to hbm3, which can reach 2048). Hbm3 bandwidth can reach 819gb/s, well above the traditional ddr551.2gb/s bandwidth.
After stacking, the product capacity can be significantly increased, and this type of product has been widely used in data centres. Cube is an acronym for the semi-customized compact hyperbandeddram, which is oriented towards low-capacity, high bandwidth, and slightly higher s6gb/s than the traditional ddr5 bandwidth. Due to certain customizations, Cube has delayed transmission in the clock.
It is also better than the average dram, so it can reduce the l3 cache, magnify the l4 cache, and reduce the overall cost of the chip. The long-student technology group is a scarce domestic idm enterprise, and a steady business partnership has been established between the long-student technology industry and the molten innovation industry.
With the continuous innovation in the dram industry and the development of a multi-layered dram market, it is expected that this industry’s technological change will benefit from the micro-dram business. D.C., which is an average of 98.6 times the value of a comparable company, is based on the company’s leading position in the storage of chips and 32 mcu chips.
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.