Precision (002475.ch): Double-quarter performance and three-quarter guide to a steady increase in net profit.
• Re-stated the well-informed “buy-in” rating: top-heavy to the external macro-environment, the net profit has increased by 23 per cent in the current two quarters, and the expected increase in the median net profit in the three quarters is due mainly to: 1) the release of profits from the large customer's spare parts and assembly business, 2) communications and
The high growth in revenue from automobile operations contributes to profit growth. Looking ahead next year, there will be a higher degree of certainty, including income and profit margins, for Lenny and Odm, which have completed and scheduled automobile operations.
• In the second and third quarters of this year, profits grew steadily: in the second quarter of this year, the average daily turnover (millions of yuan) of the people who received the most accurate information was 0.7 percentage points lower and 0.9 percentage points higher in the ring.
Net profits increased by the same ring. The median net profits increased by 22 per cent in the third quarter of the company’s performance forecast. This means that the net profits increased by more than 20 per cent for seven consecutive quarters.
• Valuation: we're using branch plus general method to evaluate it in an accurate manner. We're giving it 21x, and we're giving it a sophisticated version of the electronics, computers, automobiles, communications and industry and other operations in 2025.
The growth in domestic and foreign sales of new energy vehicles has been weak. Industry competition has increased again, with player profit margins running low. Communications such as the one-server have grown less than expected. Corporate diversification, with greater investment in business, has slowed performance.
Sfdsinternational, Spobinternational, Spob international, Spob international, Spob international.
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected.
The growth in corporate income is better than expected, demand for smartphones, new energy vehicles, servers, etc. is strong: demand for smart phones, new energy vehicles, servers, etc.
(c) Upstream cost increases and insufficient action on the price of the company's products;
Increased competition in the industry and pressure on the corporate Maori ratio: Greater investment in new business, which has delayed performance.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
The collection of all information is considered to be unauthorized. No one may use any information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as a reference to the purchase or sale of information.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not base any decision or action on investment, withdrawal, or other financial aspects solely on the information contained in this report. In addition to the historical data presentation, the report may contain forward-looking statements that involve a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sang’s international securities.