The performance has grown steadily and capital contracts have grown rapidly. China Construction (601668.sh) incident: the company published its semi-annual report for 2022.
Dragon Skylight, 14.0 per cent more than the previous year, capital and investment revenue of $22,295 billion, 11.16 per cent more than the previous year, net profit of $24,872 million more than the same year.
During the reporting period, the company ' s Māori rate was 10.2 per cent, a decrease of 0.32 pct over the same period, of which the Māori rate for real estate development and investment was 21.0 per cent, and the survey division ' s area of construction and completion of construction was 1,378.6 million square metres and 69.9 million square metres, respectively.
About $186 billion in sales, a 15.3 per cent decline in comparison with the previous year, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic.
In the meantime, the company has been active in developing new infrastructure, new energy sources and a 100-billion-grade pumping power plant in the south of the lake.
The company is the leading firm in the housing sector and adheres to the market policy of “high-end markets, high-end customers, high-end projects”
In the fields of industrial plants, educational facilities and medical facilities, new signatures amounting to $178.1 billion, $73.6 billion and $98.1 billion, respectively, respectively.
Major projects such as the General Contracting of Construction in the Bai Yunyongping School District of East Experimental Secondary School, and the Mastering of Construction of the Shenzhen Hospital (Light) Hospital Project at the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Investment proposal: The company is expected to collect 2.12 trillion yuan in 2022, a year-on-year increase.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
A third in the construction industry.