Industry recovery combined with accelerated national production replacement, driving long-term growth
Investment in production continues to rise. With the effective control of the domestic epidemic, economic activity has continued to recover, the demand for immunization supplies and new industries, such as photovoltaics, lithium power and logistics, the demand for industrial control has continued to recover, the industry has returned to normal supply and demand since 3q, advanced manufacturing has grown at a high rate, and traditional manufacturing has continued to improve.
In addition, the production of industrial robots out of their 2019 lows continues to grow at a consistently high rate as of November, owing to downstream markets such as electronics, automobiles, new energy sources, metalworking, etc.
Industry warming signals are evident from 31.7 per cent to 23.6 million of the same-year increase. Industrial controls, power control, two-wheel drive, and high growth in corporate performance: in industrial controls, firms continue to capture their share of foreign capital through local industrial chains, efficient delivery capacity, brand effects, and through abundance.
Accurate matching of industry demand for solutions, 20o1-3 General Automation, $3.396 billion, or 64 per cent more, with more than 30 per cent growth in general variable frequencies, more than doubling in the number of servers, plc and the ratio.
The synergies will be further highlighted by the expected high rate of growth in industrial control operations in 2021.
In addition, hundreds of millions of yuan will be used for the acquisition of 49 per cent of the shares in HSBC control ($822 million), the expansion of capacity and the creation of smart manufacturing plants (435 million yuan), the development of industrial software technology platforms ($359 million),
Digital construction projects (214 million yuan) and replenishment of liquidity (300 million yuan) to advance the public-sector strategy for the development of smart manufacturing, to enhance the company's strength at the control level, to enhance the integration and synergy of products driven by transformers, servers, etc., with other controlled products such as plc, hmi', and to improve the integration of the whole.
Capacity for solutions, enhancement of the integrity of corporate products and market competitiveness The trend towards creating corporate-owned alternatives to national production accelerated: the rate of national production in the industrial and regulatory fields increased from 24 per cent to 36 per cent in 2009-2019, the epidemic hit overseas supply chains in 2020, and domestic firms actively expanded downstream by seizing foreign investment missing windows
Clients, accelerated import substitution, the trend towards national production substitution will accelerate as national product brand lines become richer and better, the value-for-money advantages of products and services and brand influence will continue to rise, and the upgrading of manufacturing industries and the ageing of the population.
Profit forecasts: Downstream demand continues to warm, and companies, as domestic industrial and regulatory champions, take advantage of platforms, accelerate market openings in the areas of general automation, new energy automobiles, and are expected to maintain a high growth trend. We expect a net gain in 2020, 2021.
The report is written by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. The report cannot be copied or reissued or all or part of the printed report is printed for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but this report has not been independently validated.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to the receipt of the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The number and opinion of the report may or will be changed without prior notice. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will be held liable for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report (i) may be used to sell or offer the certificate described in the report. The certificate (i) may be sold on behalf of its account by or on behalf of its subsidiary (Hong Kong) and its consortium. The report ... is not intended to sell or induce customers to trade the certificate referred to in the report.