Automated operations are fast and perform well beyond expectations. Corporate operations are fully flowered, with sections showing a more marked increase in the Māori rate. Subsection revenue: General Automation $3.396 billion, an increase of 63.6%; elevator operations (including bst) $3.171 billion, the same amount.
In the third quarter, 39.35 per cent was achieved, and the year-round improvement in the low-morigin Bethett was still over 1 percentage point against the background of the same scale, with general automation, especially of the service and control categories, significantly improved due to higher-end product ratios, the supply and demand side of the epidemic, and productivity improvements, in addition to robotics, elevators and other factors.
In addition to the more sophisticated production and scale effects of new energy vehicles, there has been some improvement.
Profit margins: The previous three quarters had achieved a 19.4 per cent net return margin, a significant 4.8 percentage point increase in the same year, limited to the second half of the automated sector, which, in addition to the increase in the Māori rate, also benefited from increased corporate cost control and the increase in the value added tax (VAT) refunds on software.
q3 general automation orders and receipts are growing faster. Three quarters of the overseas demand ring is warmer, 3. The SCT Pre-Assessment - Automation continues to protect domestic industrial enterprises with significant improvements in profits and cash flows, resulting in internal and external requirements for the automation of industrial controls.
High-profile, over-expected performance, with a certain improvement in the average ring, the continued over-expected growth of corporate general automation orders and the launch of September 4.
There are signs of further acceleration. Sub-operations: Automated Six Blocks (advanced, high-end, eu, spinning, automated orders and Māori over-expected), split
Weaving, liquids, and the region ' s six main plates have all achieved rapid growth, especially in advanced manufacturing (photovoltage, wind, the annual report on the Hitchon technology forecast - looking at the company ' s electricity, silicon crystals, 3c, precision machine beds) by over 100 per cent; it is noteworthy that the company has broken through.
q4 industrial control needs are not worried, and the medium- to long-term epidemic will accelerate the pace of industrial intelligent manufacturing upgrades. By the end of September,
The industrial automation industry has come to terms with demand, but considering that the q4-controlled oem market was higher than the base last year, the q4-controlled oem growth rate will decline slightly. Large commodity prices, such as oil, steel, and sales, will rebound with economic warming, allowing upfront profits to be quickly restored and invested in the project.
The q4 project-type market demand is expected to continue at a higher rate. The power control business will return, and the elevator business ring will improve. New sales have increased dramatically since this year.
The acceleration in the completion of real estate has led to a significant improvement in elevator operations. As a result of the accelerated increase in generic automation of national production, corporate net profit returns from 2020-2022 have increased to the risk of a macroeconomic downside; the risk of a significant decline in the Maori rate; and the risk of a new energy vehicle policy;
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment