Industrial-controlled import substitution accelerated, and vehicle power was used to control rapid discharges - the tri-quarter review of Hitchuan technology in 2020 took place on 31 October, when the company issued a tri-quarter report for 2020, which generated $8,098 million in revenue in the first three quarters, an increase of 65.0 per cent.
The net profit to the mother is 1,498 million yuan, an increase of 131.93 per cent. The company's revenues in the third quarter of the year are 3,314 million yuan, an increase in the same year.
In the first three quarters of General Automation, $3.396 billion was collected, a 63.61% increase, which greatly exceeded the growth in the industrial sector. The industrial sector has been recovering since March of this year, and the outlook is that the high climate will continue until next year, while foreign firms are less responsive to the epidemic, and Sinkkawa has taken advantage of its localization advantages and strong research and development capabilities to catch up with the growth of its customers.
Demand, more than 200 new customers, and a rapid increase in city ownership. The company has increased by more than 30% in the first three quarters, with more than double the number of plcs per year. General frequency has also increased by more than 30%, although downstream, mostly in traditional industries, with 71% growth in industrial robots, while the company ' s cnc product has also started to be sold in small quantities and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate next year.
This year, a significant reduction in the volume of new power cars in power and power is expected to be achieved, with the company ' s revenues from new energy cars growing by 85.3% in the previous three quarters, especially in the case of car-making companies, which are ideal for car-making, small pelicans, and Wilma. The company ' s domestic and foreign car customers continue to grow.
Expanding, the country has broken through such clients as BMW, Wall, Gilly, and Chirre, and three cars have been set up overseas, and the growth in output is expected to continue next year. The company’s fleet of cars has improved, commercial cars have had less pressure on prices this year, the Maori rate has remained stable, and it is expected that with high revenue growth this year, the overall electric vehicle business will lose more than 100 million dollars, and next year it is projected that it will lose more than 100 million dollars.
Elevator integrated operations grew robustly and Bethel integrated well, and the company's overall revenue for elevator operations in the last three quarters of the year was 3,171 million, an increase of 81.88 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, in which Bethette quickly infiltrated the elevator manufacturers in the European and American departments, with a significant increase in the capacity of the large-scale integrated solution, which is expected next year.
Businesses will continue to grow robustly. Several major operations have improved Māori rates, with lower cost rates during business efficiency improvements compared to lower rates during the third quarter of the company, with 38.69% Māori rates rising by 3.84% compared to the same period, and new energy vehicles and industrial robotics.
A significant increase in the Māori ratio has been observed as a result of the scale-shifting effect, with a rise in the share of high-end products in general-purpose automation operations, and a significant increase in the profitability of corporate organization changes, which have reduced efficiency gains at both the purchasing and manufacturing ends. The cost of sales and management of companies has decreased by 1.63 and 1.49 per cent, respectively, in the third quarter of the year.
Automation plate tttm values 91 times, with the first coverage being “recommended” to evaluate the impact of the overseas epidemic on domestic manufacturing investment, taking into account the long-term growth space of the company, and new clients of new energy vehicles not expanding as expected.
In August 2020, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, fair and without the approval or influence of any third party.