High-performance over-expected, high-quality growth plus change dividend release Events: 3 quarterly reports issued by companies, $8,098 million received in January-September, an increase of 65 per cent over the same period, investment rating: buy-in (maintained)
The three-quarters report reflects the progressive release of the company ' s high-quality growth and change dividend, which is now the most likely target of a stock to grow into a platform-based enterprise, with accelerated increases in the share of automation in the context of the epidemic, and the growth of the company ' s high-quality growth and change dividend.
New Energy Motors International’s pull strategy has fallen into the ground, with corporate profitability turning upwards, maintaining a “buy-in” rating in the face of changes in the organizational structure. Performance is exceeding expectations, with high growth in major industries combined with improved profitability.
The logic of unbundling revenue and net profit growth from a single three-quarters: 1 automated business grew by 83 per cent the same year, 162 per cent the same year for new energy vehicles, and a change in the structure of electricity 2 products and supply chain building led to an increase in the Māori ratio.
The ratio of plc, etc., has increased while connecting the supply chain of industrially controlled products. And the benefits of new energy cars, production combined with economies of scale, have led to a rise in the Māori ratio.3 Sales and R&D rates have been significantly reduced, on the one hand, and efficiency strategies are evident.
Quality growth in general automation operations, with “up top down” widening operational boundaries. Three-quarters GFMs + 55%, servers + 117%, and plc + 154%.
In the first three quarters, a general automated performance growth feature, advanced manufacturing leads (server, 1, Harikawa Technologies: International Customer Towed Strategy Landing, plc) and high-end multi-point flowering (lower windmills, lifts, air pressure, etc.) are viewed.
Automation Accelerating Import Substitution 20200608 is based on four main factors: one, an offensive organization.
The ability of competitors to deliver has been affected by the epidemic, and their share of the market has been significantly eroded. 2, Import Replacement 3, "Secession Technologies: Industrial Control Bigs " . In the context of high-end applications of markets, trade friction between China and the United States, customers have taken the initiative to choose high-quality national production.
Brands, 3, integrated solutions deepened. Control + driver + process + software integration solutions, 4, Harikawa Technologies: Industrial giants, new beginnings again provide higher value to clients. 4, use productivity and channel advantages, add to sink markets.
Powerful distribution. This cycle of epidemic does not bring a one-time standoff, but rather a critical point for medium- and long-term national generation. It will be a watershed in corporate automation operations this year. In the post-epidemiology era, the public sector is expected to continue to upgrade the market by relying on such advantages as capacity, supply chains, access, and integrated solutions.
The new energy business accelerates losses, targeting overseas mainframes, and drives customers to open up and build supply chains. The new energy track is very growing, requiring far more systems of R & D, manufacturing, supply chain process control, industrial goods, capital spending depends on a balance of scale effects, and the point of loss means that the business is self-sufficient.
The company’s vehicle product has been set up at more than eight mainframe plants in the country, becoming the main source of three new car-making forces, and entering the first-line system of supply of cars, such as BMW, the Great Wall.
Quick. At the same time, firms move from industrial goods to car electronics by means of international mainframe plants, label companies to manufacturing, quality management systems, supply chain bargaining capacity is expected to grow, and scale effects will counter-feed supply chains, with new energy operations entering a virtuous cycle.
Continued cost-side improvements and the release of the change-management dividend began. Companies were subject to bottlenecks in new energy vehicles and customization patterns, with a decline in per capita income and profit growth rates in 2017-2019. The company launched its fourth organizational restructuring adjustment in 2019, guided by efficiency.
In the direction of strict cost control, the cost side improves on a quarterly basis, with sales rates of 20q3 being equal to -1.63 pct, ring comparison - modulation, firm scrutiny of internal costs and project costs, while under the powerful product platform, distribution of supplies reduces cost amortization, and we judge that earnings are expected to continue to rise in four quarters.
R & D costs will remain at the bottom of 8 to 9% in the future, and high-intensity R & D will guarantee the development of tension.
Under the changes, the company’s profitability traps are up, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. 1, implementation of the sinking strategy is hampered; 2, industrial automation is down; 3, development of new energy vehicles is hampered; and 4, organizational restructuring and management changes are hampered;
Chart 2 + high-end custom model as a result of changes in the organizational structure for the third time, chart 3 company history stock review, chart 109 industrial robotic output growth of 51.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Figure 99 Industrial profits increased by 10.1 per cent in the same year; Figure 119 metal cutting machine bed production increased by 20.6 per cent in the same year; Figure 12 Japanese data on the export of Chinese machinebeds continued to improve
Use legally compliant information, produce the present report independently and objectively, use the data and information used in this report from the market, do not provide any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report will be used only for information purposes. I have not been, have not been, will not be, and will not be receiving, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.