Segawa Technology (3000124) Performance exceeded expectations, with two kings showing up: the company issued a three-quarterly report in 2020, which generated $8,098 million in revenue during the reporting period, a year-on-year increase
Performance continues to exceed expectations, the Māori rate rises, and the cost rate optimizes. Corporate performance has continued to exceed expectations since this year, with “delivery guarantees, opportunities, change-driven”, corporate resilience to the epidemic and the outbreak of economic recovery, with five major operations affected by the pace of delivery, except for rail transport.
The deceleration was accompanied by a high rate of growth, with revenues from general automation operations estimated at 3,396 million, corresponding to +63.61 per cent, and companies maintaining an advantage in advanced manufacturing areas such as 30, lithium, silicone crystals, while seizing the opportunities for the manufacture of air-pressors, wind, air-conditioning, lifting, metallurgy, etc.
High growth, with a marked recovery in general variation frequency; industrial robotic operations with revenues of about 120 million, compared with the rise of total equity/flow (millions of shares) forces, which led to an increase in the volume of goods controlled by companies using motor power; and large elevator electrical support services (including elevators)
Top/lowest 12-month performance during the reporting period, driven by changes in product structure, improvements in auto electronics and reduced efficiency gains
Real Gold is not afraid of the disease - 2020/04/12 - the rate of Maori falls, core competitiveness is unwittingly acquired to control surplus shares in the HSBC, plus smart manufacturing. The company is set to raise about $2.13 billion in additional funding.
For the acquisition of 49 per cent of the shareholdings, expansion of the capacity and construction of smart plants, industrial technology (3000124) q2 reduction in performance, software technology platform research and development projects, digital construction projects and replenishment of liquidity, etc.
The narrowness of the ring, the elevators and the transhipments provide a strategy for the development of corporate intelligent manufacturing. The current market for the company ' s ac800, etc., is well-received, and the acquisition of a minority shareholding in the HSBC will further strengthen the company ' s ability to control the product at the control level.
It is expected that the company’s low-pressure transformer, universal server market share will increase further to catch up with foreign brands, while products such as plc and hmi are expected to grow at a higher rate.
Since the fourth quarter of 2019, the market for new energy vehicles overseas has grown at a remarkable pace. The country regularly proposes an extension of subsidies for new energy vehicles and a reduction in the purchase tax for two years, exceeding market expectations.
Several vehicle models, such as home, Great Wall, and Hiroshima, have been set up to produce bulk supplies in several new powerful companies, leading to the recovery of the Māori ratio, which is expected to be significantly reduced. For international clients, the technical and quality systems of many of the international first-class garages have been reviewed, and access has been provided to the projects under way.
Manufacturing production has continued to pick up and demand has improved steadily. Industrial robotics produced 23,194 units in September 2020 alone, an increase of 51.40% over the previous year, with an accelerated upward trend.
Competitiveness is obvious, with the core components being supplied by the decelerate, and investments have been made in areas of advantage such as 3c, lithium, etc. We look at the core of corporate platform products plus process-based industrial solutions. Competitiveness, in the context of rising human costs and import substitution, is a good trend for intelligent manufacturing.
No, we'll see how the company's strategy is moving forward.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.