Resurveillance Medicines (600196) 2021 Annual Report Review: smooth growth of operations, new coronary drugs or new dynamics
Industry classification: Overall growth in pharmaceutical biology. During the reporting period, companies achieved business income of $28.904 billion, an increase of 32.10 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate of 52.12 per cent was 8.27 percentage points lower than during the same period last year.
Instrumental and medical diagnostics generated business income of $5.938 billion, an increase of 13.82 per cent, and Māori 48.77 per cent, a decrease of 2.89 percentage points from the same period last year. Medical health services achieved operating income per cent.
The company’s share of mrna’s new crown vaccine during the reporting period was rapidly released in the non-continent region of the country, with a strong resistance to growth, driving the company’s overall performance rapidly up.
On January 20, the company entered into an agreement with the Geneva Medicine Patent Pool to produce low-cost versions of the Mercerton New Pharmacy drug molnupiravir raw materials and preparations in 105 low-income regions around the world.
Supply: On 17 March, the company signed an agreement to produce one of the ingredients of Paxlovid, the new Pixel Credential, which allows the company to produce raw materials and preparations for supply to 95 low-income countries. The new crown pneumonia epidemic remains high.
Research and development underpins growth. During the reporting period, corporate R & D investment reached $4,957 million, a year-on-year increase.
During the reporting period, 20 clinical batches were obtained to restructure anticd38 monoclonated antibody injection fluids; 14 products were declared registered as injecting human disruptors, etc. The companies are currently working on more projects, and in the future they will be working on projects or moving gradually into harvest periods to provide additional performance growth points for the companies.
The restar medicine is the leading pharmaceutical research and development company in the country.