The Center for Research on Medical Health (CREDH) has developed innovations that promote sound growth, and the new crowns and vaccines are worth looking forward to increased research and development, rapid release of new products and robust growth of the main industry. (1) The company's growth rate in the year 2021 is high.
28.7 per cent, mainly from three major sectors: pharmaceuticals, $28.9 billion; medical instruments and diagnostics, $5.38 billion; and medical health services, $4.18 billion. (2) The company is able to integrate stock varieties such as non-butasis, state calcium, etc. into the collection, selling prices, etc.
Both harvests and net profits continue to grow at a rate of more than 28 per cent; this is mainly due to new varieties such as Han Littokon (Little Anti-Repeal), Han Kuyo (Injection with Curvatures) and Su Ko-Shin (Mary Afro-Pop)
2. " Resurveillance Medicines in mid-2021 - New Medicines " and Su Ko-Shin collected $93 million and $426 million, respectively. (3) By the end of February 2022, the company had introduced Germany.
The country’s mrna vaccine has accumulated more than 20 million doses in Hong Kong and Abota, helping to combat the disease. 3. The signing of a sales agreement with Taiwan, where the mrna vaccine is about to arrive, has benefited many more patients; and China’s first cytotherapy drug, Qaeda, has been sold with a steady boost.
(1) The company invested $4,975 million in R & D in 2021, an increase of 24.28 per cent over the same period; of this, R & D fees 4. The Quetta (Aquillance Injection) of the Retromedical Sun, which has been approved by Kategart, has been included in 23 provincial cities and cities for the benefit of the citizens and more than 40 items.
Commercial insurance, with 75 treatment centers registered. (3) By the end of 2021, companies had developed and developed artemisinin-based injecting ammonium, sold more than 200 million overseas, and treated more than 48 million malaria-affected children worldwide.
5. The company obtained Mpp of Merk and Pfizer ' s new mini-molecular medicine in January and March 2022, which licensed the production of raw materials and finished medicines. (2) According to the company ' s announcement of 9 May 2021, the company ' s decision was to:
The Biontech joint venture plans to get an international lead in mrna vaccine production technology and patent licences once it lands. We'll keep a close eye on the progress.
The risk that policies such as new drug development and marketing will affect the profitability of the product is not as high as expected. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating as the average market investment