Events: 28 March 2024, newspaper 2023, company year-round revenue collection of energy from mines (600188)
In the fourth quarter of the same year, the company achieved business income of $14,421 million, a 65 per cent decline in the ring, mainly in the coal trade, and a 33.31 per cent decline in the same year, resulting in a net return profit of $20,139 million.
Coal: The cost is expected to decrease gradually, as production and sales remain steady. Production and sales: 132 million tons of corporate coal produced in 2023, an increase of 0.6 per cent (+0.8 million tons) in the same year; coal sales of 12.7 million tons, a decrease of 6.2 per cent (-84.2 million tons) in the same year; and, of these, self-produced coal sales of 121 million tons.
Of this amount, self-produced coal generated sales revenue of $95 billion, a 25 per cent decline in the same year, with an average sale price of $785.2 per ton. For 24 years, coal prices have rebounded in the short term, mainly due to the low season. We expect that coal prices will remain relatively high throughout the year, public.
Cost: Coal costs for the company, 49.331 billion yuan, a 16.4 per cent decrease, are mainly affected by a reduction in the trade in coal. The average cost of the company to achieve self-produced coal parity throughout the year was $383 per ton, an increase of 6.3 per cent.
Long and high one-time costs are the main reason for the rise in the cost of self-produced coal, which is expected to decline as Australia recovers in the future. Coalists: Production and sales are growing steadily, supported by high oil prices, and profitability is expected to rise.
Internationally improved sales: in 2023, the company produced 8,587,000 tons of coal-chemical products, an increase of 9 per cent; sales of 7,862,000 tons, an increase of 7.6 per cent; methanol production of 4,0.16 million yuan, a decrease of 5 per cent in the same year; methanol sales of $1829 per ton; acetic acid realization.
The sale of 2,057 million yuan, a 16.1 per cent decline in the same year, and the sale of acetic acid, a unit price of $2787 per ton. We believe that the company's profitability is expected to continue to improve in the future as crude oil prices are high. Cost: In 2023, the company's coal industry cost 21.13 billion yuan.
Sinda Securities Inc. increased by 1.8 per cent over the same period, with methanol costs of $6,782 million, a decrease of 5.3 per cent in the same year, methanol units cindasecuitiesco., Ltd.
Cost of sales: $1715 per ton; cost of sales of acetic acid: $1,726 million, a decrease of 7.3 per cent over the same period; and cost of sales of acid units: $2339 per ton.
In terms of endogenous growth, the company ' s increase in coal production in 2024 will be largely attributable to Australia and the Quimong region. As the weather conditions improve in Australia, the coal output in 2024 will lead to 35-39 million tons of coal production, compared with 35-39 million tons in 2024.
In 2023, there were 33.4 million tons of production, and there was much room for recovery. Camps in the Ximong region, coal trenches and sulfur deposits, were also expected to produce gradually, Xinjiang could re-establish sulfur trenches and coal mines.
In addition, 51 per cent of the shares in the Quadrant and the right to explore wellfield No. 1 in the Inner Mongolia Holin River Area, combined with an additional 26.6 billion tons of coal, an increase in coal production capacity of 39.5 million tons, and a steady advance in asset injection, are noted in the Chairman's report.
In the future, we believe that companies will continue to advance the Development Strategy Framework, focusing on progress towards a target of 300 million tons of coal production over 5-10 years, and are expected to continue through asset acquisition.
Access to group-quality coal resources and assets such as coal industry. Against the background of the current gas cycle, driven by a shortage of capacity supply, corporate coal capacity is expected to grow continuously, leading to a steady rise in corporate profitability and open future opportunities for companies to grow.
In 2023, \triangleright had a cash dividend rate of 9.85% and the company had an excellent rate of return on dividends; in contrast, the companya
The stock market is only 8.53 times higher and the stock market is 6.55 times higher. We believe that the company still has a long-term investment value in the current state of high dividends, high dividends, low valuations, and that the company’s future valuations are still much better restored, supported by the continued relatively high maintenance of the Roe hub.
Profit forecasting and rating: A new cycle driven by a shortage of capacity is still in the early and mid-points, and we can keep releasing, group shareholders have an orderly infusion of quality assets and deepening of employee equity under state corporate reforms.
Long. We project net profits attributable to parent companies in 2024-2026 to develop a transformation strategy and maintain a firm’s “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: short-term impacts of changes in domestic and foreign energy policies; and domestic and external macroeconomic failures or failures
The recovery is far less than expected: there is a risk of a major coal safety accident: the company’s asset injection process is affected by force majeure. Kwang Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consulting (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, China’s geo-mineral economy
Member of the Society, of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, of the China Price Association, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices, and of the China Coal Industry Association, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), and for more than a decade has been engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields.
The research and development centre is responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of China Coal Industries Group Sub-Society, who worked for many years in coal production, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to carry out research in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, XinXinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, July 2022.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research. Lee Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Essen University of Economics and Management, Germany. In September 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sunda Securities Research Centre in April 2023 for research on natural gas and electricity, Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research on coal.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.