The increase in production in coal Australia is expected to continue, with excellent returns from a strong and red shareholder: 23 February 2024, Coal Australia, a core offshore subsidiary of coal energy from coal mining (600188)
(3668.hk) Release of data for 2023, which we rate as follows: tons of tons, i.e. 28.4 million tons of power coal, i.e. 15% of power coal sales, and 4.7 million tons of metallurgical coal sales.
Rapid recovery, with 590/850/97.7 million tons each. In response to the negative impact of heavy weather in Australia on coal production over the past two years, and to seize the opportunity of record high coal prices, q1-4 gave priority to coal mining rather than pre-scattering and excavation activities, resulting in scavenging.
Coal extraction lags behind coal mining. At the beginning of 2023, coal recovery programs continued to build up open-air topsoil removal efforts, resulting in a rapid quarterly increase in commercial coal production.
After the Russian-Turkish post-conflict fall in international coal prices, in 2023, the average sale price of coal \triangleright \triangleright fell. The main product of coal is power coal (about 85%) and its pricing machine.
It is a low-carat coal reference api5 index, a high-carat reference gcnewc 6000k index, with a delay of about one quarter compared to the index; the refined coal product is mainly based on the low volatilization and semi-flexible coal index pricing. The average price for commercial coal sales in 2023 was 232 Australian dollars/tons, compared to 39 per cent;
The average price of sales of hard coal was $211 per ton, or 43 per cent; sales of smelting coal were $356 per ton, or 12 per cent. As of 23 February, the latest market price in Australia was about $96 per ton on the api5 index (approximately $146/ton) and $121 per ton on the gcnewc index (approximately $184 per ton).
We believe that the fall in post-conflict coal prices in Russia and Ukraine is largely a return to emotional rationality, and that post-conflict prices in Russia and Ukraine must not be taken as a trend. The high climate of this cycle of coal production, supply constraints, is still in the early and mid-term, and coal hub prices are expected to remain at medium-to-high.
Cash operating costs for commercial coal in 2023 are estimated to be between $A 89 and $A 97 in 2024. Cash operating costs for coal in Australia in 2023 were $A 96 or ton, compared to +2.1 per cent in 2023, as a result of the continued recovery programme, which was strengthened at the beginning of 2023.
The cost of cash operating in Australia is high and low. With the production of 2023 merchandise coal, Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. has dropped to 86 Australian dollars/tons in the second half of the year.
Itd includes the temporary use of extra equipment and labour, life-cycle maintenance expenses and costs of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing.
The combined impact of the increase may take longer to further reduce unit costs than to recover production. The cash operating costs for coal Australia are expected to be between $89 and $97 per ton in 2024 and are expected to be lower in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year.
In Australia, the ability to generate positive cash flows is superior, the distribution of dividends is stable and the dividends are high. After repaying the last external debt of $333 million, the country is in a net cash position, and every year.
The last cash balance amounts to $1.4 billion and is well-funded in hand currency.
Profit contribution is approximately $4,223 million. We expect that coal Australia will continue to increase production by 2024, with 39 million tons of merchandise sales, 89 Australian dollars per ton of cash operating costs, 25 Australian dollars per ton of depreciation amortization, 18 Australian dollars per ton of royalties and total production costs.
132 Australian dollars (A$)/tonne. In the light of our findings on the coal production cycle, the coal hub prices are expected to remain at medium and high levels, with a projected average of A$170/t in 2024 for power coal sales, $280/t for sales of metallurgical coal, and $186/t for a combined sale of commercial coal.
On the whole, we expect a net profit from Coal Australia of $1.437 billion in 2024, corresponding to a profit forecast and rating: we continue to have high-quality offshore coal assets, and we have a sustainable \triangleright
Long-capacity and high-growth energy poles, we maintain the energy of the mine risk factors: short-term impacts of changes in domestic and external energy policies; macroeconomic failure at home and abroad; or \triangleright
The recovery was significantly less than expected; there was a risk of a major coal safety accident; and the company’s asset injection process was affected by force majeure.Kant Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consulting (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, China’s geo-mineral economy
Member of the Society, of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, of the China Price Association, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices, and of the China Coal Industry Association, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), and for more than a decade has been engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields.
The research and development centre is responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of China Coal Industries Group Sub-Society, who worked for many years in coal production, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to carry out research in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, XinXinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, July 2022.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research. Lee Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Essen University of Economics and Management, Germany. In September 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sunda Securities Research Centre in April 2023 for research on natural gas and electricity, Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research on coal.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.