In Australia, 2304 continued to increase yields and create positive cash flow capacity.
(3668.hk) Publication of 2023q4 quarterly production and operation data, which we rate as follows: 23q4 Australasia achieved a combined average selling price of 196 Australian dollars/tonne, with a small 0.5 per cent reduction in ring.
The average annual sale price of powered coal was 211 Australian dollars per ton, or 43 per cent; the average sale price of smelting coal was 356 Australian dollars per ton, or 12 per cent; the combined average sale price was 232 Australian dollars per ton, or 39 per cent; the average sale price of smelting coal was 383/403/33292 Australian dollars per ton.
On the price side, the api5 index averages 22q4/23q1/23q2/23q3/23q4 at \triangleright levels respectively. As the weather improves in Australia and companies actively implement measures to return to production, companies produce coal.
The sales volume was 590,850,860,10.1 million tons, of which 28.4 million tons were powered coal, and the cash cost of coal fell significantly in the second half of the 23rd year and is expected to go further in 24 years.
Right, the cash cost of coal in the first half of the year is $109 per ton. We estimate that with the increase in coal production in the second half of 2023 and the effective company reduction measures, it is expected to be public.
Itd House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing, is expected to reduce the cost of cash to around $88 per ton.
Coal production has stabilized at 23q4 levels, and the cash cost of ton coal is expected to show further improvement. Companies have an excellent ability to generate positive cash flows, a stable distribution policy and a high dividends rate. To benefit from sound company operations, 2023q4 cash holdings have increased by $477 million (defied).
With the exception of the corresponding operating costs, capital expenses, monthly taxes, the cash balance in Coal Australia as of the end of 2023 was $1.4 billion, which is a good illustration of the quality of the company's assets and its ability to create positive cash flows.
More than 50% of the net profit from the gold stream and after-tax (higher), and quality cash flow and a stable red division guarantee the investment value of its high dividends. Profit forecasting and rating: we continue to value high-quality offshore coal assets and have sustained success.
\triangleright Long-capacity and high-growth space for energy-based chemical poles, which we maintain risk factors: short-term impacts of domestic and foreign energy policy changes; domestic and external macroeconomic failure or
The recovery was significantly less than expected; there was a risk of a major coal safety accident; and the company’s asset injection process was affected by force majeure.Kant Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consulting (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, China’s geo-mineral economy
Member of the Society, of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, of the China Price Association, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices, and of the China Coal Industry Association, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), and for more than a decade has been engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields.
The research and development centre is responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of China Coal Industries Group Sub-Society, who worked for many years in coal production, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to carry out research in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, XinXinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, July 2022.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research. Lee Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Essen University of Economics and Management, Germany. In September 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sunda Securities Research Centre in April 2023 for research on natural gas and electricity, Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research on coal.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.