Qingdao Hale (600690) Home appliances.
Investment logic: The company is one of our three big white power leaders and industry leaders. As we enter the age of white power, the company uses Casati as its entry point, in line with the rising consumption trend, the high-end layout of the domestic market has yielded remarkable results, and the international market has been actively expanded, with the acquisition of Japanese power and power.
New Zealand’s Fiji, America’s gea, Italy’s Candy, and others. Successfully transforming a globalized home-based electric company. Companies’ traditional business is robust and performing for the future.
The sales ratio rose from less than 20% to more than 50%, the retail share of FACs rose from less than 10% to more than 50%, and the domestic market has entered an era of consumer upgrading. The company’s high-end brand, Cassatine, has been nurtured for many years, and has entered a period of rapid growth and gained an important position in the high-end market.
Cassati refrigerators have a market share of more than US$ 10,000, an increase of 5 percentage points; washing machines have a share of more than US$ 10,000, an increase of 8 percentage points. Companies have a strong market position at the high end of their home electricity.
Over the years, the industry has been the first and clearly ahead of other brands; the city has experienced a steady increase in the number of Herb washing machines in recent years, with retail sales and Maori rates well above those of other home brands; and the Maori rate of Hear Air Conditioning has been consistently in the country ' s mainstream brands since 2011.
The stock of the market is in the ceiling, and the market is in the middle of the market. We've reached the ceiling in urban and rural washing machines and refrigerators, and the industry is in a zero-sum state.
Realising the seven world-class brand layouts and the dollar, Hale, Casaté, Commander-in-Chief, United States Geappliances, New Zealand Fisher & Paykel, Japan aqua, Italy Candy, etc., will maintain a 10.6% composite growth rate in net return over the next three years.
Qingdao Haile Inc. was established on 28 April 1989 as an early-run refrigerator operation and has now been extended to white appliances such as washing machines, air conditioners, water heaters, kitchen appliances, production, sale and pipeline combinations.
The company is now one of the world’s largest manufacturers of domestic appliances. The main industries it operates are refrigerators/freezes, washing machines, household air conditioning, central air conditioning, water heaters, and cooking power.
The globalization strategy of the Italian Candy Seven Power Brands has combined to create the world ' s largest cluster of home-based electricity industries, through the industry, with 57.98 per cent of them at home and 29 per cent at Māori.
2.1 Industry: Saturation of the area of retention, or up-to-date cycle Unlike air conditioners, which have the characteristics of a “many-house machine” with a family washing machine and a theoretical ceiling on refrigerators, in the case of washing machines, there were more than 90 urban washing machines per 100 households as early as 20 years ago.
86.3 regional washing machines and refrigerators, 96.7 per cent in urban areas, 95.8 per cent in urban areas and 98 per cent in urban areas, respectively. Currently, the country's rural and urban washing machines and refrigerators are in touch and ceilings. The industry has entered a competitive era of “stocks”, and ice-washing enterprises can no longer rely on the logic of “industry increment”
While refrigerators and washing machines grew rapidly in 2009 - 2011 under the policies of “Home Power Downland” and “Old for New” policies, short-term policies stimulated long-term demand, and in subsequent years the increase in washing machines and refrigerators was almost stagnant.
On a rough scale, business profits = income – cost – cost = size – unit prices – cost – cost. Under this logic, an enterprise’s performance can be achieved by increasing the scale of its production sales, increasing the price of its products, reducing costs, and reducing costs by four routes.
The zero-sum game, the higher standardization of household electricity production, and the significant scale effect. And the high price and long-term renewal cycle that people consume as durables, and consumers prefer quality-safe, high-profile brands when buying such appliances, has led to a high concentration of electricity in the country, creating a clear oligopoly pattern.
The market for refrigerators and washing machines has grown rather poorly in recent years, and the company’s share of ice-washing products has remained the highest in the long run, but it has not risen significantly in the last 10 years. As foreign brands such as washing machines and Heropo have gradually faded out of China, the country’s market has lost its chance to be followed up by the trend of small swans borrowing rollers.
2.3 The global market has a lot of flowers and many brands have come together. The company's primary product initially consisted of refrigerators and a single product. Since 1991, the company has annexed 18 loss-making enterprises, entering the areas of washing machines, air conditioners, water heaters, etc., and has embarked on a business diversification strategy. In the late 1990s, Haile opened overseas.
After 2012, Heir acquired Japan’s trio power, New Zealand’s Fiji, and America’s Gea companies, to create a global branding strategy. On October 24, 2018, Qingdao Haile was listed on the d stock market, and on January 8, 2019, Heir acquired 100% of the Italian company Candy’s shares in the European market.
The seven world-class brand layouts and globalization of Haile, Casati, Commander-in-Chief, Gepplicances of the United States, Fisher & Paykel of New Zealand, aqua of Japan, and Candy of Italy. Looking back at Heir’s development, from a single refrigerator to a diversified business, Heir completed a round by expanding the scope of his operations.
The scale has expanded, and Heir has expanded its market coverage by insisting on overseas branding and global acquisitions. According to Euromonitor, Heir's major household appliances have been branded in 2018 in terms of total global sales, and retail volumes have continued to be the world's number one in 10 consecutive years: refrigerators, washing machines, wine cabinets, cold cabinets continue to be the world's number one: Heil's health.
Clean air-conditioning accounted for 40.7% of sales in 2018, the world’s number one. The current global landscape of corporate globalization is almost complete, with Hale, Casat, Commander-in-Chief, Geappliances, Fisher & Paykel of New Zealand, aqua of Japan, and Candy of Italy.
The company has the first share of the overall market for white electricity in South Asia, and the company’s US brand of gea has the largest share of cooking power. The tri-quarters of 2018 show that the company’s two brands of fisherpaykel and Haier have the second share of the Australian market and the first share of the New Zealand market.
The acquisition of Candy has now been completed, and the company’s share in the European market is expected to jump to the top five. After several overseas mergers and acquisitions, the company has built the world’s largest cluster of home-based electricity industries to reach global markets and communities, with over 40 per cent of the company’s revenue abroad in 2018, becoming a truly global home brand.
With the combined action of cards, we believe that the potential for corporate growth in overseas business goes far beyond that.
The availability of refrigerators and washing machines in urban areas has increased rapidly to more than 90% in recent years. The demand for new refrigerators and washing machines in the current market is small, and sales in the industry depend mainly on the demand for upgrading, and consumers prefer higher-end domestic appliances as the standard of living improves.
During the last decade, the retail share of roller washing machines rose from less than 20% to more than 50%, the retail share of FACs rose from less than 10% a decade ago to more than 50%, with a marked structural upgrading. The year led to a rapid increase in household power holdings, such as refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, etc.
A fee-stimulus policy is no longer a rough HP policy, but rather a structured subsidy policy that is oriented. The Program for Implementing Further Optimization for Promoting Stable Growth in Consumption for Strong Domestic Markets (2019) states that subsidies for “green”, “intellectual” and “new products of high quality” will undoubtedly benefit businesses that are well positioned at an early stage in a high-end strategy.
3.2 With effective synergies between technological barriers, innovative R & D supports high-end growth, and after many years of global branding and several overseas mergers and acquisitions, Haile has built the world’s largest cluster of home-based electricity industries to cover global markets and communities. Heir is now in Europe, the United States, Japan, South Korea, New Zealand, Mexico, and the rest of the world.
India has set up 10 major R & D centres, set up an open innovation system of the “10+n” that creates a global network of resource-sharing networks, leading the way in standards leadership, patent placement, design innovation, and science, technology, and innovation. Under the Open Innovation R & D system in Haile, each of the R & D centres is an independent R & D headquarters with a different profile.
Geographical advantages. For example, ge-cooking power is at the top of the list in North America, with a lot of unique technologies for heating and temperature control; Japanese materials, sensors, and control techniques are advanced; and the direct-drive power technology of Fitch Pike has been at its highest level in the industry. Hal is able to take advantage of his efficient synthesizing platform to integrate teams around the world according to demand.
Complementary to breaking technical barriers, the windmill shielding technology that allows the refrigerator to be three days of complete fish preservation was developed jointly by a multinational consortium of research and development teams, owned by only one Heir company worldwide. Hal has continued to increase his investment in research and development in recent years, with an annual increase in research and development inputs combined with effective technological synergies.
In 2017, the Gea high end home brand Monogram had a 20% share in the high end market in the United States and Fisher & Paykel 36% in the high end in New Zealand. In the first half of 2018, the country’s electricity market grew evenly, benefiting from Haile’s technological, product and supply-chain advantages, and so on, in the first half of the year.
Domestically, Casaté’s brand has performed well, with annual reports in 2018 showing that Kasarty’s share of China’s ice-washing power market of 10,000 yuan or more has risen by 42.7%, or 7.7%. According to the Chinese Ei-Kang, in 2018, the share of Casatian refrigerator of 10,000 yuan or more increased by 36%, or 5 percentage points;
At the retail end of the market, Hale's washing machine has a long-term cost higher than that of beautiful, small swans and swans.
In recent years, the city has seen a steady increase in the city’s market share, including retail sales over the last three years, and the gap between the two is widening year by year, as can be seen from the positive rise in the price of Hal’s washing machine. In recent years, some foreign investors’ electric brands have been withdrawing from the Chinese market, and small swans have been growing rapidly with the use of roller washing machines.
Although Haile missed the opportunity to compete in volume, his high-end strategy, which began to lay out years ago, still allowed him to sit in the seat of the washing machine industry. In recent years, when the dividends of the withdrawal of foreign capital have faded away, Helm’s leading edge over the American sector has expanded.
High-end product growth has not only led to a gradual recovery in Heir’s city, but has also given Helby a better Māori ratio than the market. In recent years, the Māori ratio for Haïry washing machines has been in the forefront of the country’s major brands, and in the last five years has further polarized its Māori ratio with other products, locking it to the top of the industry.
3.4 Refrigerator: The first home country to be profitable is Hale, which has been the first to be a refrigerator owner for many years, with a market share that has been the first in the industry and is clearly ahead of American brands, such as Sea Sinkoron, while Haile's refrigerators are more expensive than most brands in the market, so their retail market share has been high.
Biggest + brand premium has made Hal's super-profit, and starting in 2011, Heir Air Conditioning Māori has continued to be the highest in the country's mainstream brands. In 2017, Heir Air Conditioning had 32.1% Māori, far above 20% gross peer 4 management changes to improve operating efficiency and the platform's ecology to lead future manufacturing.
4.1 Globalization has concentrated procurement to reduce costs and enhance management of channels to improve operational efficiency. Enterprises generally have a three-pronged competitive advantage: low cost, differentiation, and specialization. Specialization in major products has achieved today’s Air Conditioning King, and Haile has gained competitive advantage by pursuing low-cost and differential strategies.
Economies of scale are an important way to reduce costs. Hal, as a major international home brander, is able to buy raw materials at a lower cost by consolidating the resources of various subsidiaries acquired in recent years and centralizing their parts globally.
Large quantities of material support manufacturing systems, reduce product costs and streamline suppliers and procurement staff, so their overall Māori ratio has also shown an upward trend in recent years. Eighteen of these years have seen a decline in Māori rates as a result of the company’s recognition as a cost of some of the logistics transport costs that would otherwise have been recognized as sales costs under the new income guidelines.
Hal's channels are flat, online, and, in addition to working with other electronics platforms, in recent years he has been trying to build his own business town, and the walk-by platform is the first of its kind to create a “three store-to-one” model that integrates Haile's online shops, underline stores and microshops, as well as personalizing marketing through its community to provide more accurate services to customers.
Underline channels, and against the backdrop of the downfall of the home electric chain on three or four lines of town, Heir has sunk into the countryside by strengthening his own shop, and now has more than 8,000 district stores and a network of more than 30,000 home towns throughout the country. Heil has also strengthened the management of the pipeline terminals by establishing regional marketing companies in partnership with traditional distributors, and has solved the problem of running off the distribution lines.
In addition, with its digital marketing system, all distributors are able to complete on-line their imports, reconciliations, training, training and inventory monitoring from the townships, and the efficiency of their operations is greatly improved. 4.2. Moving from closed competition to open cooperation, the platform ' s ecology leads to future manufacturing
Differentialization allows firms to take advantage of competition and potentially overprofits, and innovation is the best way for firms to achieve differentiation. In order to safeguard their own leadership in innovation, traditional business R & D is closed, while Haile has in recent years built a platform of four major clusters of R & D, manufacturing, supply and marketing, moving from closed competition to open cooperation.
New innovation ecosystems. At the research and development level, Hale relies on the world’s top 10 research and development centres and local innovation partners to form a global network of innovation, online innovation partners on the Hope platform, and local innovation centres to form n-on-one.
R & D contacts, which eventually combine on-line with an open innovation system of “10+n,” making full use of innovative resources for precision research and development of user needs. On manufacturing, cosmoplat under the Heil flag is the first large-scale customization to introduce full-process user participation experience around the globe.
The program platform, which has now been extended to 15 industries such as enabling clothing networking, food networking, agriculture, and housing vehicles, has generated more than $7 billion in cosmoplat in 2018. The "u+" platform, which is open to other manufacturers, is now connected to hundreds of manufacturers, helping Hal to become a leader in the association era.
In the supply chain, there are such industrial platforms as solar-sun logistics, solar-sun-sunners, solar-sun-sun-farmers, large-scale logistics coverage, domestic servants, couriers, child-raising pensions, and farmers’ custom-made life programmes that support Heir’s entire system of sales supply.
(dsr) 4.9, higher than the industry average of 4.8. At marketing of products, Hale Businesstown focuses on communities interacting, creating brand-to-user connections through a community-to-network touch point, and achieving accurate understanding of user needs and relying on platforms such as R & D, manufacturing, supply, etc. to react quickly and deliver new products to clients
In 2018, the number of microshop owners of social interactive platforms increased to 1.6 million, a 100 per cent increase. Figure 27: Hale moves from integration to platform. Current corporate innovation approaches and scope are changing, and innovation requires both external environments and internal resources.
The growing number of dollars and complexity makes it difficult for individual firms to keep up with changes in the external environment, and we believe that Hale, by building the ecosystem, has access to more user information and innovative resources, and is more efficient and of higher quality than other enterprises.
(b) Scenario 3: no significant change in the cost of the company, on the basis of which we project the cost of the company's sub-operational income for 2019-2020, as follows:
Exchange rate or risk of significant fluctuations: \triangleright will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.