The performance was in line with expectations, with a record high of new signatures abroad, the event of the year 2023, published by the company.
Performance meets expectations, with new contracts abroad reaching record highs. Companies achieved operating income in 2023. New contracts in construction industries, $6.8354 billion, an increase of 2.6 per cent over the same period; new contracts in municipal infrastructure industries, $222.29 billion, a decrease of 3.4 per cent over the same period; and new contracts in metallurgical engineering, $174.5 billion, a decrease of the same amount.
In the same vein, the Guinean Parliament Building project, which is the winner of several high-end housing projects, such as the Royal Hotel in Cambodia, resulted in 63,384 million yuan in new overseas contracts, 43.72 per cent more than ever before.
The Māori rate for offshore operations was 9.09 per cent, an increase of 0.25 percentage points over the same period; the gross interest rate for resource development operations was 30.99 per cent, a decrease of 5.36 percentage points over the same period, mainly due to international price fluctuations in bulk materials, cost controls and a significant increase in Māori rates; and the overall Māori rate for integrated real estate operations was 7.89 per cent, a rise over the same period.
In overseas markets, companies actively seize the global steel transition window, step up the “go-out” pace, make a major breakthrough in market opening, and successfully sign the 1.6 million-ton joint steel plant project for the Anwal Integrated Steel Plants of the State of Monga.
In South Asia, the Green Fields of Steel Marker Project; the successful signing of the Mmp High Ice Nickel Smelting Pec project in Indonesia, which is a step-by-step process to strengthen corporate leadership in the global field of nickel smelting in the red-earth, the core competitive advantage is once again evident. The company continues to build a national market along the way, winning the Guinean Parliament Building project.
In 2023, as one of the country's identified priority resource groups, the company focused on the development goal of increasing resources, storage, production, security, and cost reduction.
At the operational level, the combined net profit on belonging to China is 1,214 million yuan in three mines. Of this amount, the Papua New Guinea Cobalt and Cobalt Mining Project estimated the retention of 12.26 million tons of nickel, the amount of 140,000 tons of cobalt, and the growth of China's performance in China, abroad.
Cobalt for hydroxide contains 3,3604 tons of nickel and 3072 tons of cobalt, representing an average annual production rate of 103 per cent; and Cobalt for hydrogen oxide, containing 34,122 tons of nickel and 3086 tons of cobalt, achieves an operating income of 3,875 million yuan and a net profit of 1,027 million yuan attributable to China.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.