Biyadi: The scale effect is now on, and in 22 years it was a big car profit event: the company issued a performance forecast for 2022, and the company is expected to break through the renminbi in 2022.
First of all, major increases in profit from the sale of cars and effective mitigation of upstream raw material price pressure with a number of external challenges; mobile phone components and assembly operations with low consumer electronic demand resulting in profit absorption, benefiting from higher shares of large offshore customers and optimized business structures that remain stable
Cars have performed well, and in 22 years, the profits of the bicycles have increased significantly. We expect the company's gas in 2022 \triangleright, we expect the q4 car business to collect about $11 billion, the ring + 30%, and the q4 terminal to be sold.
The company has formed a matrix of four products: the dynasty, the ocean, the power, and the look on. And the price gradients for branded cars are clear.
Up to a million-grade luxury cars, down to $100,000. On the basis of a rich matrix of products, the company stabilizes its product power with leading battery, power, and power core technology. With higher end-of-cycle sales, the company’s single-car collection and net profit hub are expected to move up.
With super-technology and high-end brands, it is expected to increase the company’s brand value-added capacity, and long-term interest in the company’s future upwards in volume. Profit predictions and investment ratings: the scale effect is evident, and the company’s profitability has increased dramatically over the past 22 years.
\triangleright goes beyond what we had previously expected, looking at the future upward trend in volume prices, and looking up the company's profit forecast. We, Sinda Securities, Inc.
Risk factor: The high-end brand model is not as well marketed as expected: new model sales are not as high as expected: go up to 9th Palace Building 9 West Side Street in Beijing.
Four core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Full coverage of the car industry, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous brands, etc.
Master of Arts (M.A.). He worked at Toyota Autotechnical Centre and Joaquín Securities, one-year work experience in automobile companies, and two-year experience in the automotive industry. He covered the entire car, Tesla industrial chain, electric intelligence, etc.
Ding, M.A. in Finance, University of Melbourne, covers areas such as smart cabins, electric motors, and whole cars. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.