The company sold 194,000 cars in February, corresponding to the ring ratio, and the total number of new energy motor and storage battery loads was about 8.952gwh, compared to the ring ratio.
+94.0 per cent/+9.9 per cent Pure plug-in double-crowd drive, with significant reheating in February. In February, 192,000 vehicles were sold by the company ' s new energy fleet, with the same/ring ratio of +119.1 per cent/+27.6 per cent, and performed better than the industry as a whole (in line with this, the pre-couper).
The Federation projects that 40 million vehicles will be retailed in the national new power-car market in February, at +46.6 per cent/+20.3 per cent for the same/ring ratio. By power type, 91,000 vehicles will be sold in pure trams, at +109.9 per cent/+27.1 per cent for the same/ring ratio; 101,000 vehicles will be sold in mixed vehicles, at +2 per cent for the same/ring ratio.
The Division’s own brand + product advantage, which we judge to have recovered with car consumption, continued to rise in March’s corporate sales ratio of d9 and accelerated high-end branding. In February, the company’s Ocean + Dynasty series sold 184,000 vehicles + 28.3% ring value; and the dot d9 sales of 7325, ring + 13.8% steady.
The top/lowest price in 52 weeks will be at the top of the 350,000-plus energy luxury mpv list. In addition, in late February, the company confirmed that it would launch a professional high-end brand "f" in the course of the year, a matrix of products covering many categories such as off-roads, cars, sedans, etc.
First-car type or Mercedes g, combined with previously published u8/u9 (millions of class suv/nomines hkscc)
By that time, the company will form a dynasty + ocean + sea + rising + looking up + “f” five brand matrices, which will be marketed on the 10th of January, starting at a price of up to $100,000, the first time in the compact sedan market to achieve the same price of oil, electricity, and seven-day orders to break out of 32,000. The company will also launch seagulls, sea lions, and sea lions in the course of the year.
The frigate 05, the frigate 05, the destroyer 07, the lookout u8 and the "f" first-car type, among other new items, are expected to contribute to a sustained increase in the public administration. We judge that the company's vehicle sales are expected to exceed 2.5 million vehicles over the course of 23 years.
The ring +44.1%, a record high, and exports have broken for four months in a row. The company has actively promoted its overseas markets and is now entering many countries such as Australia, Colombia, Brazil, Singapore, Costa Rica, Thailand, Japan, Mexico, etc.
The company, with its dm-i super-mixing and e3.0 leading technological platforms, has built itself up to produce itself through core instruments such as blade batteries, power semiconductors, with a strong vertical supply of the industrial chain.
This capacity is optimized. When considering the company ' s new product listing + seaboarding process, we expect 22-24 companies to have less than expected end demand; new vehicle-type R & D progress and capacity climbs less than expected; new model sales less than expected; seaboarding processes less than expected; and the risk of price volatility of raw materials.
Figure 1: Monthly sales of company bev by car (car) The data used in this report are based on information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity and fairness, and the findings of the report are not shared with other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.