Shen Jiajie (002594.sz/01211.hk) Royal Dynasty series opened a price reduction, and the company sales surge industry took the lead, suggesting inter-district operations.
According to public reports, the Biadi dynasty series of hybrid and pure trams has opened its first price reduction this year, with the old car-type preference range of over 10,000 dollars and the new car-type preference margin of between 6,000 and 8,000 dollars. As the market competes more and more, companies are retaining it by lowering prices and increasing delivery capacity.
Companies with leading technical capabilities and excellent supply chain systems, high value for products, a clear competitive advantage between 100,000 and 300,000, and high competitiveness during the period of motorization. We expect that p/e will be 33 times, 22 times and 18 times, respectively. Given the decline in the sale of new energy vehicles, the plate is close.
According to public reports, on 25 February, dealers in North Kyoto, Shanghai, Hangzhou, etc., opened the first price reduction of this year's series of mixed and pure trams, with an old car-type preference of more than $10,000 and a new car-type preference margin.
Ten thousand dollars. And there's a different reduction in the current turn-over cycle. Biadi's price reduction will effectively compensate for the fall in the subsidy, maintain his price competitiveness, and change the model of the vehicle.
Companies are actively coping with competitive market pressures following the fall in subsidies, and, in addition to opening prices for existing models, they are maintaining their market share by lowering the price of entry vehicles and improving their delivery capacity. For example, in mid-February, the Qin Plusdm-i 2023 championship edition, the entry 55km model, is low.
The institutional investor as a share in circulation amounted to $998,000, with an entry price reduction of $14,000 compared to the old version of Qin plusm-i, with a 5-day listing of 25363 orders at the same level, reflecting the company ' s pricing strategy.
Validity and market approval of re-engineer models. According to corporate news, the 55km version of the March production is clearly faster than the industry: with the end of the subsidy, the increase in the volume of new energy vehicles at the beginning of the year slowed considerably; and, according to the Federation, the cumulative retailing of new energy vehicles in January-February.
Against a market background of about 732,000 vehicles, an increase of 16.7 per cent, the company sold 150,000 new energy vehicles in January, an increase of 58.6 per cent in the same year; based on insurance data from the company for the first three weeks of February, we estimate that the company's sales during the full month of February and the rate of increase in the same year were in January.
Nearer, the company’s cumulative sales for January-February are estimated to have increased at a much higher rate than the industry average. With large-scale production and self-supporting parts, the company has far better control capabilities than its peers, and is expected to dominate the competition; at the same time, the company is moving to higher prices through sub-brands (upgrade, upswing)
A breakdown of the market expansion is expected to further increase the market share of the company.1 This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.