Incidents: company published sales data for January 2023. In January 2023 the company produced 154,188 new energy vehicles, i.e. +68.1 per cent of the year, of which 152,933 new energy vehicles, i.e. +67.2 per cent of the year, i.e. +62.4 per cent of the year, i.e. 150,164 new energy vehicles, i.e. +61.6 per cent of the year, commercial vehicles.
In January, sales increased in contrast to 1,177 vehicles, compared to +386.4 per cent in January. The Federation expects the same retail sales in January in the car industry.
By comparison to 34.6 per cent, Biadi, with its stronger product strength, grew in reverse growth against the backdrop of the industry downturn, reaching 61.6 per cent, with 144,000 vehicles, or +51 per cent, sold by the Biadi brand (Dynamite & Oceannet) in January, and 6,439 vehicles, or + 7.3 per cent, sold by the Dome.
High-end brand sales are steadily climbing up the slope. The product structure shows an increase in the number of hybrid vehicles. In January, the company achieved 79,000, compared to 69 per cent, and 52.5 per cent, compared to the same period last year, an increase of 3.7 pct; and 71,000, compared to 46 per cent,ev.
By January, the number of Biyadi cars sold was 10,409, or +3123 per cent. Biyadi speeded up the distribution in Thailand, Malaysia, etc.
In August 22, Biadi joined the Thai partner rêver in a branding conference in Bangkok to announce official entry into Thailand’s car market; and Biadi officially announced entry into Malaysia’s car market in December 222, and issued a first-car model by datto3.
Practice number: s15005221003 Risk factors: high-end brand model listing process less than expected; new model sales less than expected; risk of price volatility of upstream raw materials, etc.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Four core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Full coverage of the automobile industry, focusing on the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous branding, etc. Master ' s degree. Worked at Toyota Autotechnical Center and Joaquin Securities, one year of work experience in automobile companies plus two years of auto industry research.
Experience. The main areas covered are whole cars, Tesla industrial chains, electrical intelligence, etc. Cao Zing, Assistant Researcher in the Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Technology, Beijing University of Technology, covering intelligent cars, car networking, new power in car construction, etc.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.