Biadi's high-growth performance, looking at high-end and export prospects, is to find a gold dividend of $11.4 (including taxes) per 10 shares. Corporate sales continue to rise, with new products.
The roll-out was facilitated by the gradual improvement of the product matrix, the smooth advance of strategies such as high-end and industry-wide chain layout, and the expected high level of profitability. The company’s growth abroad was sustained, and export sales were expected to increase significantly, and sales continued to rise and performance grew at a high rate.
The effect of the increase in scale was highlighted. The annual sales cost rate increased by 147.6 per cent over the year, mainly as a result of the increase in after-sales and employee remuneration; administrative costs and research and development costs increased by 75.3 per cent and 133.4 per cent, respectively, mainly as a result of the increase in staff salaries and consumption of materials; financial costs decreased on the same basis.
190.5%, mainly as a result of the increase in exchange gains and interest income; the four rates of decrease in the same rate of 0.1 pct. Significant increases in income, growth in the Maori rate, and a decline in the cost rate, a year-on-year increase in net profit on the basis of a year-on-year increase of 111.4.3% in the country’s new energy penetration rate, and a continuous improvement in the structure of the company’s products.
The product structure continues to be optimized and the profitability improved. The company continues to introduce new models, the product matrix is gradually improving, and the product structure is improving. Up-to-date mpvd9 will continue to be marketed, followed by new models such as suvn7/n8 that will be marketed; and millions of class new energy hard-lines will be raised across the country.
The total market value (RMB million) u8 and the pure electric power overlooking u9 are at first sight in January.
The company’s new model, the overall layout of the industry chain, is expected to effectively mitigate the impact of falling prices and subsidized downside production as a result of the industry’s price war. Added to the impact of increased sales on scale, some of the upstream raw material prices are falling.
Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) Ltd., which is expected to continue to improve corporate profitability, is expected to continue to grow as a result of an active expansion of overseas markets, with a sustained increase in the share of the city.
See, domestic new energy cars are more competitive, and exports are expected to become the new blue sea market, with relatively high profitability. While companies maintain their domestic leadership, they accelerate the deployment of overseas markets, expanding Europe, Asia and the Pacific, America, etc.
In September 2022, the company’s first fully invested offshore car factory officially landed in Thailand. The company’s growing globalization has accelerated the process of internationalization of its products, steadily taking root in the global market, and the city’s share is expected to continue to rise.
1) Motor sales are below expectations; 2) increased competition in the market; 3) increased pressure on raw materials. " Biadi: O3 performance bright, high turnover innovation " Biadi: short-term performance pressure, technology and cost advantages
Biyadi: High Growth in New Energy Marketing, 2022 Performance: A Prospective Explosion: 20211101
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.