Shen Jia, the company's sales continue to grow at a rapid pace, with high-end new brands published, and it is proposed to “buy in” the company's products with more flowering, with a clear competitive advantage between 100,000 and 300,000 blocks, with no supply.
Requisitions; corporate profitability is expected to continue to rise as scale effects increase. Companies with leading technical capabilities and excellent supply chain systems, high value for goods, and competitiveness during the period of auto electricization, are highlighted. We expect net profits for companies in 2022, 2023 and 2024 to be $15.9 billion and $26.5 billion, respectively.
Ten thousand, Don 20,000, SEAL 1.54 million, destroyer 05 6107, frigate 07 18.69 million, an increase of 153 per cent. Of these, 946,000 were sold in interpolation and 91,000 in pure electric vehicles.
The product mix is full of singles, in short supply, and the highest sales are at the top of the Suv market list; the volume of sales is expected to continue to grow as the capacity of the company rises steadily.
The company’s overseas distribution is also accelerating. In December, the company’s overseas sales amounted to 11320, with a cumulative annual export volume of 55916, or oy + 307%. At the end of November and early December, the company entered into cooperative agreements with Mexican and Chilean distributors, starting with localized sales from 2023.
Corporate exports are expected to continue to grow rapidly in 2023 as overseas distribution channels continue to improve. Companies publish new brands and new technologies, moving to the higher end: the company released a completely new brand on January 5th.
The brand is now published in the u8 and u9, not for Land Cruisers and overruns. The brand will carry the new autonomously developed energy technology platform, the "File Four" , the country's first power-driven, four-power-driven, independent power system.
To achieve four rounds of independent torque control, with better security and driving experience for users from the three dimensions of "sense, decision-making, implementation." The roll-out of the "look up" brand has allowed the corporate product matrix to extend up to a million-degree luxury car, and has also demonstrated the firm's strong competition in technology.
This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued.
The information in this report has not been independently verified for audit.