The higher performance was in line with expectations, and the lead position was well advanced - performance forecast for 2022, high sales in 2022 and a significant increase in single-car profits
Civilization 1.86 million cars sold, or 20.9 per cent of the year. 22q4, the company achieved 683,000 car sales that effectively eased the cost pressures of higher upstream raw materials prices and contributed to a significant improvement in profitability.
In 2022, the company ' s bicycles returned to its mother ' s net profit of about 0.86 - 0.91 million, compared to the new energy vehicle leader, the model matrix and branding of the vehicle, and according to the China-China Air Association, the sale of the country ' s new energy vehicles in 2022 was about 6.89 million vehicles.
With a rate of about 27%, the company further consolidated its position as a new energy vehicle leader, leading to the rise of domestic ownership. With the power of pure electric e3.0 and plug-in dm-i, dm-p technology, the company pushes.
In addition, in May 2022, the company published the brand “Step Up” and the firm’s product prices were up; in January 2023, the ministry published the brand “Stand Up” and the core technology “Fighting Up” into the Million-Change track.
With regard to overseas markets, firms accelerated the expansion of overseas markets in 2022, followed by successive sales of pure and plug-in motor vehicles in Australia, South America, Japan and Europe.
The Division has been able to export 33,000 new energy cars, +97% of the ring. The company’s products are becoming more competitive: first, 17 upgrades have been made since the “Han” market, allowing consumers to take advantage of the usual new experiences. Second, in terms of intelligence, the company will also work with Yvetteda.
Some of the models are mounted on the drivehyperion platform, enabling intelligent driving and parking of vehicles, further enhancing intelligent attributes. Prices of raw materials rise, RMB exchange rate fluctuations, and capacity is not released as expected.
High Performance Growth, Lemonization about $10,000.
High Performance Growth, High Performance in Automobile Business - 27/04/2022 Author with qualification in securities investment advice or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, committed professional attitude, independent and objective
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.