A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
China Everbright Bank - A (601818 CH)
BUY (Initiation)
Cloud Payment – A booster for digital transformation
Target Price
Up/Downside
+16.3%
SUMMARY. We attended CEB's reverse road show in Shanghai, with recent
Current Price
operating results, wealth management business, and technology development
strategy as main themes. Cloud Payment, the Bank's key digitalization initiative,
China Banking Sector
offers a great boost to client base growth and potential earnings, in our view.
■ The largest open-ended payment platform in China. Retail business and
Terry Sun, CFA
technology utilization are crucial for CEB's strategic goal of "building a first-
class wealth management bank". Cloud Payment (云缴费) is one of the Bank's
initiatives to carry out inclusive finance and explore the utilization of financial
technology. The number of user and transaction amount saw an explosive
Karen Sui
growth in the past years, reaching 253mn and RMB 206bn, respectively, in
2018, making it the largest open-ended payment platform in China.
Contribution to fee/deposit/customer base. Cloud Payment's major
contribution to CEB are threefold: 1) Fee income, including agency and
Stock Data
platform access fee, was RMB 160mn (up 159% YoY) in 2018 and expected
Mkt Cap (RMB mn)
193,463
to reach RMB 300mn in 2019; 2) Deposit inflow from payment receiving
Avg 3 mths t/o (RMB mn)
52w High/Low (RMB)
4.62/3.44
institutions, as they have to set up account in CEB for settlement and clearing
Total Issued Shares (mn)
39,811 (A)
purpose; 3) Collection of massive user data and conversion of users into
12,679 (H)
customers of the Bank.
Source: Bloomberg
■ Other questions/concerns from investors. 1) CEB's wealth management
Shareholding Structure
business transformation is ahead of peers, in terms of product design and
China Everbright Group
25.4%
19.5%
Central Huijin
brand building. It targets to be the first JSB to get approval for operation of
Overseas Chinese Town
8.0%
WM subsidiary; 2) Credit card business remains a strategic focus, but growth
will moderate due to proactive risk control, e.g. restricting the usage of credit
Share Performance
card overdraft and adjusting client mix; 3) Despite stricter NPL recognition and
faster disposal in 2018, management was cautious on 2019 outlook.
Classifying >60-day overdue loans to NPLs may result in some asset quality
pressure; 4) NIM trend should be largely stable in 2019. Asset yields may
Source: Bloomberg
further decline, and deposit cost hike will be eased by scrutiny on irregular
deposit absorption; 5) Management was confident that the RMB 30bn CB
12-mth Price Performance
issued in 2017 would be converted to equity in foreseeable future.
■ Initiate CEB-A with BUY rating and RMB 4.50 TP. CEB-A trades at 0.65x
FY19E P/B, 11% below historical mean of 0.73x and 14% below A-share
banks' average of 0.76x. Our TP of RMB 4.50 is based on GGM-derived target
P/B of 0.75x and 2019E BPS of RMB 5.98.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: Ernst & Young
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Overview of Cloud Payment
Largest open-ended payment platform in China
Set up in 2008, Cloud Payment is one of CEB's initiatives to carry out inclusive finance and
explore the utilization of financial technology. Based on the payment needs in people's
daily life, with an open-ended platform as core fundamental, Could Payment offers
standardized and integrated full-process payment services. It connects to various service
providers and gives access to individual users within CEB and through external platforms.
From 2015 to 2018, both number of user and annual transaction value saw an explosive
growth, reaching 253mn and RMB 206bn, respectively, in 2018, making Cloud Payment
the largest open-ended payment platform in China. As of May 2019, the system supported
over 5500 payment items and covered more than 300 cities nationwide.
Multifaceted business contribution
Cloud Payment's major contribution to CEB are threefold: 1) Fee income, including agency
and platform access fee, was RMB 160mn (up 159% YoY) in 2018 and expected to reach
RMB 300mn in 2019; 2) Deposit inflow from payment receiving institutions, as they have
to set up account in CEB for settlement and clearing purpose; 3) Collection of massive user
data and conversion of users into bank customers.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Key points of concern from investors
Wealth management business
CEB started to implement the strategy of "building a first-class wealth management bank"
in 2018. Wealth management is also one of the six E-SBU (Ecosphere Strategic Business
Unit) of China Everbright Group. It is difficult for JSBs to beat large SOE banks in product
scale, therefore they tend to stay on the forefront of product innovation. In early-2018, CEB
launched its net-value product series "Sunshine" (七彩阳光净值型产品), which complies
with PBoC's new asset management rule. CEB was one of the first two JSBs to receive
CBIRC's approval on establishing wealth management subsidiary, and the Bank targets to
be the first JSB to get regulatory permission on business operation.
Credit card business
Credit card business has been CEB's strategic focus and contributed to over 30% of the
Bank's revenue in the past years. After rapid expansion in 2016-2018, credit card business
will moderate and maintain a steady growth pace. Looking forward, the Bank will carry out
following measures: 1) restricting the purpose of credit card overdraft to consumption
instead of cash loans; 2) adjusting client mix to 80s and 90s and improving product design
correspondingly; 3) strengthening cooperation with technology companies, such as Xiaomi
and JD finance.
Asset qualty outlook
Although CEB had proactively improved recognition and disposal of NPLs in 2018,
management remained cautious on asset quality outlook in 2019. They see new NPLs
mainly from overcapacity corporate sectors, such as manufacturing and wholesale & retail,
which together contributed to 27% of total corporate loans, but 57% of corporate NPLs.
Classifying above 60-day overdue loans to NPLs may add some pressure. That said,
management was confident to keep overall asset quality risk under control.
NIM outlook
NIM trend is likely to remain largely stable on quarterly basis in 2019. Asset yields may
further decline, but would be mitigated by optimized loan mix, i.e. higher proportion of retail
loans. On the flip side, there is limited downside in funding cost, but deposit cost will be
controlled with regulatory scrutiny on issuance of structured deposit and certificate of
deposit.
Convertible bond
CB is favored by capital market and encouraged by CSRC. It is also cost efficient for banks,
as average coupon rate was only 0.5% for CEB's RMB 30bn CB issued in 2017.
Management was confident that the CB would convert to equity, as stellar financial
performance would gradually boost the Bank's valuation. Management also mentioned to
improve market recognition through more frequent investor communications.
Valuation
We use Gordon Growth Model to derive the TP for CEB-A. Our key assumptions include:
1) Market risk premium of 9.4%; 2) Risk free rate of 3.0%, 3) Sustainable ROE of 11.2%;
4) Long-term growth rate of 3.0%. Our TP of RMB 4.50 is based on a target P/B of 0.75x
and 2019E BVPS of RMB 5.98.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS and/or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any
security or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors,
officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the
information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time)("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.