There has been a steady improvement in performance, with new capital contracts growing in comparison with construction in China (60168.sh)
• Good business performance. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved a business gain of $1 billion, an increase of 19.7 per cent, in infrastructure operations of $290.9 million, an increase of 22 per cent, and in real estate of $217.8 billion, an increase of the same year.
Chandell won 37.9%; surveying the design business generated $6.35 billion, which was roughly the same as the previous year. The company achieved a net return profit of $37.830 billion in the first three quarters, which is an increase.
21.5 per cent; operating cash flows of $43.358 billion, reflecting a net decrease over the same period last year
The value of new contracts for surveying design operations was $8.9 billion, compared to the amount of $1.53 trillion for investment in key areas of the country such as Kyoto, the Yangtze economic belt, and the Great Island Bay region of Hong Kong.
• Preparation of a bicarbon technology research institute to promote technology development and development. According to the China Building Energy Use Study (2020), the total national carbon emissions during the construction process in 2018 were 4.93 billion tons, or 51.3 per cent of the country's carbon emissions.
“Carbon” strategic objective: to build China's Institute of Technology for the Construction of Double Carbon Industries, to conduct policy and market studies for the transformation of “double carbon” and to promote research and development of low-carbon green energy-efficient and environmentally friendly technologies. In the first three quarters of 2021, corporate R&D costs were $20.820 billion, a year-on-year increase.
51.8 per cent. At the same time, the company has actively promoted the development of photovoltaic buildings by completing investment applications in commercial office buildings, industrial plants and desert areas.
• Lead in digital economic exploration, leading to a digital transformation of the construction industry. By contributing to digitalization, networking, intellectual development, companies take the lead in digital economic exploration, autonomously develop smart site platforms, and build safety quality and intelligent management across the industry.
The poles have effectively contributed to the digital transformation of the construction industry. The built-in intelligence autonomous R & D, the Wisdom Plus Robotic System, created a new model for "Light Quantities, Wisdom, Less Humanized" city integrated corridor transport. The company's first nation-wide intelligent construction and transport.
5g+the full-covering concourse of the Siam olympic complex was opened successfully, with the largest high-magnostic 3d print bridge in the world, which was designed using im, 3d print technology, and so on, officially inaugurated as the Dragon Springs Park.
From 2016 to the present, the company ' s operating income and net parent profits have increased steadily. In the first three quarters of 2021, companies achieved business income of $137,748 million, an increase of 24.25 per cent in the same year. In the first three quarters of 2021, they achieved a net profit of $37,830 million, an increase of 21.5 per cent in the same year. Companies show seasonal fluctuations in their single quarter receipts. In the first quarter of 2021q3, companies achieved business income of $40,332 million.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.