Three heavy jobs (600031): The strong are always strong, and the need to update and accelerate the need to support engineering machinery is strong, and the company is the world's leading manufacturer of equipment, the main product.
Including concrete machinery, excavating machinery, crane machinery, pillar machinery, road-building machinery, building assembly prefabricated structures billions of yuan, or 42.88 per cent more than the previous year; and net profit of $9.159 billion attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, compared to the same amount
Corporate concrete machinery and excavation machinery accounted for 87.56% of the growth. Investment in infrastructure, etc., is the bottom of demand, and major products continue to erupt.
Governance, upgrading demand, artificial substitution, etc., have been driven by a sustained increase in the sales and market share of the company’s main products, such as excavators, concrete machines, cranes, plant machinery, etc., highlighting the competitiveness of the company’s products. This round of engineering machinery recovery began in mid-2016, with downstream cycles recovering, environmental protection, etc.
In the first nine months of 2019, sales of domestic excavators reached 1,792,000, an increase of 14.69 per cent. In the third quarter, sales of 41988, an increase of 16.25 per cent.
Demand booms and lower capital costs, with many performance levels at record levels. Corporate business earnings, net return profits, and net cash flows from business activities (9,445 million yuan) were the best in the first three quarters.
On the other hand, after a cycle of baptism, companies pay more attention to the quality of their assets, and intelligent and automated transformation and management efficiency gains are significant. The average output per capita and profitability are more than twice as high as in 2011.
After the second half of the year, the phase-out will peak, the demand for engineering machinery will continue or exceed market expectations, the company’s performance will be solidly supported, and the 2020 upgrading of emission standards will provide incremental demand for engineering machinery.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Three heavy jobs (600031): The strong are always strong, and the need to upgrade and accelerate the need to support engineering machinery is tenacity.
In 2016, he joined the Civil Security and in 2017 he joined the East Hing Securities.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies