Adjustment of AFC purchase prices to reasonable areas, December 23, 2019.
Events: The company issued a public announcement that, after listening to investors widely, adjusted the purchase price of AFI to a reasonable range, and the purchase helped local and global sales, and the price of the purchase was reduced from 1.5 times to less than 1.3 times the price of the purchase, a similar one.
The value of the pb for banks or finance leasing companies is approximately 1-1.5 times, and the adjusted purchase price is more reasonable.
1) Promotes the transformation of firms into “manufacture plus services” and improves competitiveness and profitability. About 30-40% of the equipment sold to listed companies by third-class workers is sold through mortgages or financial leases, and as a result of related transactions, sales previously made through Tri-Car finance are only available.
About 10% of total mortgage/financial leases for three heavy jobs; three heavy jobs are more dependent on third parties, such as banks or finance leasing platforms, with higher capital costs. Through M&A Finance, three heavy jobs are now expected to provide distributors and customers with packages of products, services and financing.
2) Helping to set up offshore financing channels to promote the financial support needed to sell overseas engineering machinery and to facilitate the process of internationalization. Building on Caterpillar’s overseas development experience, the creation and refinement of a global network of agents has played a significant role, while the network of agents has grown and grown.
One of the important advantages of Carterpile's agent is that the client can achieve one-stop service: “Equal selection, financing (leasing lease, etc.), spare parts supply and maintenance” at the same agency's network.
The penetration of financial services from the United States into most of the global agency networks has facilitated sales by Caterpillar agents, making an important contribution to the growth of agency strength and size and to the further expansion of marketing networks. 3) It is expected to increase corporate performance and reduce potential associated transactions.
It's a big picture, and it's a big deal with the 3-plus industry; 30-40% is sold through mortgages based on the company's income of $75 billion a year, i.e., it's a financing lease of nearly 30 billion, while at the moment, the Trinity Financial Corporation is only doing about 10%, and it's expected to grow in the future.
In addition, there are 9.1 billion receivables on the account of the Tri-Car Finance Corporation, for which the Group has made a special commitment: if any of these receivables are lost due to quality or return risk, it will be possible to reduce the number of transactions with major shareholders.
The Consortium will cover the losses in cash, so the risks are small. 2019q4 engineering machinery products perform better than q3 in 20 years, and the overall sales in the excavator industry are expected to increase by -5% + 10% in 20 years.
Thirty-one. The engineering and machinery industry is resilient, with the base-building + upgrading needs + manual replacement of three main factors: 1, Trinity (600031): cyclicalization of the intended sector is declining, and endogenous dynamics are driving sustainable development.
Engineering Mechanical Financial Services Inc., Helpers Home and Global Marketing 2019-12  Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: We have maintained our views since the beginning of the year, and we firmly value China's best.
3-Square Worker (600031): High-end equipment enterprises with global competitiveness: high-end product structure optimization + scale effect + high export growth
On the count of 2019-08-30, we're going to continue to grow, and we're going to look hard, and we're going to write a growth story, and we're going to watch Davis hard.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board