The proposed acquisition of 3-Car financial equity to facilitate the company's transition to “manufacture plus services” The proposed acquisition of 3-car stockholdings owned by 3-1 groups of shareholders with their own funds The proposed acquisition of 3-1-car financial equity to facilitate the company's transition to “manufacture plus services”
In October 2010, one of the 25 auto finance companies in the country was licensed to operate, mainly to provide financial services to the engineering and machinery industry.
The company intends to buy 91.43% of the equity in the Tri-Car finance at a price of $3.980 billion, thereby facilitating the company’s transition to “manufacturing plus services.” Increasing the efficiency of the use of its own funds.
The M&As will then be unaffected by the associated transactions, and will result in a significant increase in the total equity/flow (millions of shares) of automobile finance. At the same time, currently listed companies are well funded and operating cash flows continue to flow.
The implementation of automobile finance operations is expected to improve the efficiency of the use of the funds. As of the semi-annual report in 2019, the cumulative balance of mortgage loans for which the Department is obligated to buy back through the Trinity Finance Fund was 3,326 billion.
A financial lease with a repurchase guarantee obligation is estimated at 66 million yuan. Assuming the sales income of the Tri-Quarterly Performance Card and the 40% mortgage ratio, the total size of the mortgage sales business would be about 30 billion dollars in 3,2019.
It is expected that there will be nearly 10 times as much room for capital to boost the industry, and that automobile finance will be on the rise in the coming years. Digitalization will create smart wind control models, business models will be replicated overseas to promote internationalization: companies.
Three-and-a-half times, the group's big investment, the acquisition of Trio finance, will create a smart wind control model based on its digital capabilities.
For the time being, the biggest short cut in overseas sales compared to other overseas brands is financial support, significant public homogeneity. - After the Division acquires Trinity Finance, it will quickly export wind control models, financing talent, etc. abroad.
3x1 (600031) " Māori on various product lines rapidly set up an offshore financial platform to raise the sales level of overseas operations. "
It is proposed to buy a three-car financial equity to promote industry research in the area of “manufacture plus services” and to specialize in industrial chain research, especially robotics and automation-related plates.
Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production techniques, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering, machinery, and automobiles. The Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017, is well placed to take investment opportunities from the bottom up.
The Center, which joined the Pacific in July 2019 to study industrial fluctuations and seek certainty, has been based at the South-West Securities Research and Development Center, which joined the Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report