Three heavy jobs, 600031.
The company published three quarterly reports, yielding 58,691 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, correspondingly to growth, seasonal fallbacks in the lower seasons of income growth and large profit increases reflecting a scale effect.
Gradual improvements in the quality of the dig products, better performance in the market of the Acetex sy485h, leading companies to do more digging than ever before, and greater combined competitiveness. Concrete blocks benefit from the start-up of the property and the replacement of pump cars, and we judge that the three-quarter growth continues at a high rate.
Profit growth is much faster than income growth, which is a reflection of the advantages of corporate-scale effects and the relatively strong cost-control capabilities, with a sales cost of 6.93 per cent in the previous three quarters, compared to 1.43 ptt, management fees, large engineering and mechanical products and key components, digitalization and smart technology, and research and development inputs for applications.
In the first three quarters of the company, the Māori rate was 32.54 per cent, compared with 1.38 pt, net interest rate 16.03 per cent, compared with 4.17 pt. In the previous three quarters, net operating cash flow was 94.45, compared with + 8 per cent, and was current.
The net gold flow/net profit is still greater than one, indicating that the quality of the company ' s operations remains robust.
According to the Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, 1,792,000 industrial excavators were sold in January-September 2019, i.e. +14.7 per cent in comparison; of these, 1598,000 were sold domestically, i.e. +12.2 per cent in comparison, and 19.4 million were exported, with a marked difference between the recovery of this round of engineering machinery and the large cyclical fluctuations that were previously strongly stimulated, plus foundations.
The role of the bottom-up economy in building “stable growth” is underscored by the resilience of the current round of demand recovery. The company, as China’s champion of engineering machinery, is expected to become the leader of engineering machinery at the international level as export competitiveness increases. 160 billion yuan, equivalent to 10, 8 and 7 times the current level. Considering the need for engineering machinery in the current round,
Downstream demand is less than expected, internationalization is less than expected, and industry competition is increasing. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Association of China, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.