The Center for Research on High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials intends to acquire the Trinity Financial Corporation, which will help to improve competitiveness and internationalize the process.
The company proposes to acquire the equity of the 311 Automobile Finance Department, with its own funds of $3.98 billion to acquire the equity of the 3rd Group of Shareholders, with a corresponding assessment value of $4.22 billion and a proposed transaction value of $3.98 billion. This acquisition will facilitate the company's transition to “manufacture + services” and the scarcity of automobile gold financing (all).
According to the evaluation, the total equity assessment of the shareholders in the Tri-Car finance was $4.62 billion, and the Tri-Foundation Group, the value of which was estimated to be $4.62 billion.
The net assets of AFI are $2.9 billion, and the net profits for the month of October are $8.94 million. Three groups, Snoog-Thirty-Five, report a three-quarter review, promising that AFC will lose $920 million in net receivables due to quality or return risk.
The loss will be offset by a doubling of the reported performance and a rapid increase in the number of excavators and cranes in the market.
This acquisition helped to drive the company's transition to “manufacturing plus services”, to promote the internationalization of the company, to reduce the associated transactions, and to increase profitability.
After acquisition, the company will provide distributors and customers with packages of products, services, and financing, reducing the cost of financing and improving the competitiveness of products and services.
The acquisition of Trio Finance can help create and improve financing channels for the overseas sale of products, accelerate the building of core financial capabilities such as offshore wind control models, offshore finance talent, and promote financial support needed by overseas engineering and machinery sales to effectively reduce the costs of overseas financing for companies and clients.
Wang Hua, who supports people in overseas finance and business factoring, is currently working mainly on trio finance and its industrial chain, with a reduction in the acquisition of trio finance.
It is also possible to increase the profitability of this part of the cash through financial companies, and the demand for engineering and machinery markets continues to flourish, and the monthly increase in the sales of excavators, car cranes, etc.
Investment in capital estates was not as expected; there was a risk of a decline in sales in selected product industries.
Figure 2: Net profit in January-September 2019: 88 per cent increase in year-on-year
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment