Proposed acquisition of Engineering Machinery Financial Services Inc., Support Home and 12 December 2019, Global Sales
Event: The company's intention to finance a limited 31-car stock held by the Trinity Group of Holding Shareholders with its own funds 91.43 per cent of public equity, valued at RMB 4,221 million, to facilitate the company's transition to “manufacture plus services” and to improve competitiveness and profitability
The 31 Motor Finance Co. Ltd., one of the 25 auto finance companies throughout the country, which opened in October 2010 with the approval of the China Banking Supervisory Board, provides financial services mainly to the engineering and machinery industry and is a holding subsidiary (91.4 per cent shareholding) under the banner of the three groups.
About 30-40 per cent of the equipment sold by the listed third-to-first class of workers was sold through mortgages or loan leases, which, for reasons such as related transactions, had previously been sold through Tri-to-car finance only around 10 per cent of the total mortgage/finance lease; the third-to-worker was more dependent.
By third parties, such as banks or financial leasing platforms, capital costs are higher. Through the M&A Corporation, triple-time workers will provide a package of products, services and financing to distributors and customers, which is expected to reduce the cost of financing, improve the competitiveness of products and services, increase profitability and promote profitability.
The company's shift to “manufacture + services” is valued at about 1.5 times the price of the purchase, while the value of the similar bank or banker's pb is about 1.5 to 1.6 times the value of the purchase.
The creation and improvement of a global network of agents has played a great role, drawing on the development experience of Caterpillar, while the network of agents has been expanding and growing and matured in the absence of Caterpillar Finance.
Between 1989 and 2004, the share of Caterpillar financial services delivered as a result of the sale of equipment (i.e., financial services penetration) increased from 16 per cent in 1989 to 85 per cent in 2003 and is currently roughly at 80 per cent.
By contrast, nearly 80% of the global sales of Caterpillar's equipment are made through Carter Financial Services. So it can be concluded that Caterpillar's global sales continue to grow, largely thanks to the important marketing role of Caterpillar Financial Services.
One advantage is that the client can provide a one-stop service at the same agent's network: “Selection of equipment, financing purchase (lending), spare parts supply and maintenance.” Through the agent, Caterpillar financial services infiltrated from the United States to most of the agency's sites around the world, facilitating Caterpillar's agents.
Sales, which have contributed significantly to the growth and size of agents and to the further expansion of the distribution network, are now fully established globally, but previously companies had broken through mainly produce and after-sales services, with less support for financing, mainly local banks.
There is no one-stop shop like Carter. So the three-in-one buy-in of Tri-One Car Finance can help create and improve financing channels for overseas sales of products, promote the financial support needed for overseas engineering and machinery sales, and effectively reduce the costs of overseas financing for companies and customers.
▪ There are few automobile finance plates, which are expected to increase company performance in the future and reduce potential associated transactions. Since the introduction of the Automobile Finance Corporation Management Scheme in 2004, the first auto finance company has been established. To date, there are only 25 auto finance companies in the country, while the Trinity Finance Company Limited is one of the leading companies in the world.
China’s first automobile finance company in the engineering and machinery industry. The growth of the automobile finance industry is promising and coincides well with the principals of the three major industries: 30-40% if calculated on the basis of the company’s income of $75 billion a year.
Sales through mortgages/finance leases, which are close to $30 billion in size, continue to grow at a high level in the current number of Trinity vehicles. It is firm that FCs have only done about 10 per cent, and are expected to have significant future growth potential that will increase profits for listed companies.
At the same time, as this business grows ever larger in the future, listing companies can significantly reduce their share and write growth stories, with a firm look at Davis  profit projections and investment ratings: we have maintained our views since the beginning of the year, with a strong look at China's best.
High-end equipment enterprises that are globally competitive: high-end product structure optimization + scale effects + high export double-click 2019-08-30 Growth will continue to provide elastic performance and global competitiveness will gradually bring valuation premiums for the good of the public
3 Trinity Work (600031): The King's style continues to outperform the expected growth.