High growth continues to be maintained at a high base, with a firm view of David Ess double-shooting, at +88 per cent, and a net gain of +77 per cent for non-repatriation of $9.25 billion.
15.3 billion, or +18 per cent; net return of 2.41 billion, or +61.3 per cent; net return of non-repatriate gains q3 performance continued to grow at a higher rate, benefiting industries maintained a constant climate + higher corporate-city ratios, and corporate performance continued to grow at a higher rate since the beginning of the year, mainly on a domestic basis.
The construction of installations, the strengthening of environmental protection, the increase in demand for equipment upgrading, the effects of artificial substitution, etc., are driven by Jubail, which has led to an increase in the sale of engineering machinery and a significant increase in the competitiveness of the company ' s products.
q3 one-season revenue growth decelerated, mainly because of the higher base over the same period of 18 years, and the industry was in sales during the lower season, with 16 per cent in July-September, compared to 19 per cent in July-September, leading by 19 per cent in July-September, with sales clearly slowing in the second half of the year due to the high base over the same period of 18 years.
The rate of growth is slightly higher than that of the industry; concrete machinery is expected to increase as a result of the intensive environmental policy implementation, the rate of industrial renewal and the increase in the Māori rate of concrete machinery with a scale effect.  The overall profitability has increased significantly, and the cost of research and development has increased digitally intelligently.
To benefit from the high quality of the company's operations, the company's profitability has increased significantly, with a total gross product interest rate of 32.5 per cent, an increase of 1.4 pct over the same period in 2018; a net interest rate of 15.6 per cent, an increase of +3.7 pct over the same period; and R & D inputs for goods and key spare parts, digital and intelligent technologies and applications.
Operating net cash flows remain high and asset quality is constantly improving. Companies have managed their business risks effectively, paid back well, and their quality and efficiency have improved significantly in recent years. q1-q3 operating net cash flows are $9.4 billion, or +82%, as a result of sales by companies.
As of the end of q3, the policy of sound infrastructure + environmental tightening will lead to a long climate cycle, leading city growth + high export growth, and it is to be hoped that, next year, initiatives such as a four-quarter advance in the issuance of a special debt will contribute to the stabilization of infrastructure.
The conversion of environmental emission standards will accelerate the upgrading of engineering and mechanical equipment, and we expect the industry to continue with a sustained growth rate, with a higher market share and a globalized layout. (1) Excavator operations: a steady growth of 0-10 per cent in the volume of industrial excavators is expected to continue next year, with a steady increase in the volume of excavators, and a steady increase in the number of excavators in the number of excavators.
Continue to grow faster. (3) Overseas incomes are growing rapidly, and exports are emerging as new bright spots: if exports continue to grow by 35 per cent next year, and domestic diggers continue to grow at the same rate as this year, the overall industry will increase by about 5 per cent; Trinity exports now account for the share of the industry.
1. Trinity Work (600031): Continue to reach 31%, with the semi-annual report revealing faster growth in most overseas areas. Write growth stories and keep an eye on Davis.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings, and we continue to maintain the view from the beginning of the year that China is the most globally competitive high-end, 2, Trinity Worker (600031): The King.
Equipment enterprises: high-end product structure optimization + scale effect + high export growth will continue to generate performance prospects, with performance consistently exceeding expectations, and global competitiveness will gradually bring valuation premiums, looking at the opportunity of company Davis to double-shoot.
q3 performance continued to grow at a higher rate, benefiting industries continued to enjoy a sustained business climate + company-to-city ratio.
Corporate performance has continued to grow at a high rate since the beginning of the year, driven by factors such as domestic infrastructure development, enhanced environmental protection, increased demand for equipment upgrading, and the effects of artificial substitution, as well as a marked increase in the competitiveness of the company ' s products.
The monthly volume of excavator sales increased by 16 per cent, compared to 19 per cent in the 31st and leading industries, with a cumulative annual increase in market share ranging from 23.1 per cent in 2018 to 2.5 pct to 25.6 per cent; sales in the cranes sector have slowed slightly since the second half of the year owing to a high base for the same period of 18 years; concrete machinery is expected to outpace the industry as a result of environmental policy implementation.
Large, the pace of industrial renewal is accelerating, and we expect q3 pumped vehicle sales to increase by 30 to 40 per cent at a rate of 30 to 40 per cent, with a significant increase in overall profitability, well-regulated costs over time, and a significant scale effect, benefiting from a high level of business quality, a significant increase in corporate profitability, a combination of 32.5 per cent Māori.
During the same period in 2018, the net interest rate increased by 1.4 pct; the net interest rate was 15.6 per cent for the same year + 3.7 pct; the weighted roe was 24 per cent for the same year + 6.6 pct. Net operating cash flows remained high and the quality of assets was constantly improving.
During the reporting period, the net operating cash flow of the company was $9.4 billion, compared to 8.2 per cent, and the cash flow remained healthy as the company ' s sales grew. The number of working days on accounts receivable decreased from 127 days in the same period the previous year to 104 days, the number of working days on inventories.
q1-q3 has invested $2.03 billion in R & D, compared to +153%, accounting for 3.5% of total revenue, the highest level ever. This is mainly because companies have, since this year, advanced the full digitalization and intelligent transformation of their businesses, including marketing, R & D, supply chains, production, business management, etc. Onlineization of customers and client equipment.
The real-time collection of data on fuel consumption, start-up rates, etc., will significantly enhance marketing capacity and after-sale efficiency; on the production side, the promotion of online, transparent and refined management of production equipment, materials and personnel is expected to further reduce efficiency gains and increase profitability. In the first half of 2019, through a digital transformation, companies achieved capacity without adding large equipment.
A sharp rise in per capita output to the world’s leading engineering and machinery industry. Policy stability + environmental tightening will lead to a long-term climate cycle, leading-market growth + high-profile growth will bring elastic performance.
Looking ahead next year, initiatives such as a four-quarter advance of the debt line will provide a solid infrastructure, and the switch to environmental emission standards will accelerate the upgrading of engineering and mechanical equipment, and we expect the industry to continue with a sustained industrial climate, a higher and more dominant market share and a more globalized pattern, with a continued increase in the performance of Trinity.
Excavator operations: It is expected to maintain a steady growth of 0-10 per cent in industrial excavator sales in the next year, and it is expected that the output of spare parts manufacturers will rise at a rate of more than 10 per cent per month since August, and the ring ratio will continue to rise, and we judge that q4 and next year we expect a steady increase of 0-10 per cent in industrial excavator sales, with Trinity as the leader.
The base of the infrastructure + environmental upgrades, cranes and concrete machines will continue to grow at a faster rate. According to our calculations, concrete machines will benefit from higher concentration in the industry and are expected to grow faster than in the industry. Overseas revenues are growing rapidly, and exports are becoming a new light.
At a higher rate than at the same time, 19385 exports were accumulated in January-September 19 -- 40%, and according to our neutral assumption, if export sales continue to grow by 35% in the coming year, and domestic excavator sales remain at the same level as this year, the overall increase in sales is 5% to the right. And Triple exports now account for 31% of the industry, while the semi-annual reports reveal that 31 Indonesia, 31 India,
Europe, Europe, America, and many other regions abroad have seen faster growth in sales; as the results of globalization unfold, we expect export revenues to provide elastic corporate performance over the next few years. We continue to maintain the idea that China’s most globally competitive high-end equipment enterprises have been firmly valued since the beginning of the year: high.
End-product structural optimization + scale effect + high export growth will continue to bring elasticity to performance, and global competitiveness will gradually bring valuation premiums, looking at the opportunity for company Davis to double-shoot. Net corporate profits are projected to be $11.3 billion in 2019-2021, lower than expected in downstream capital estates, less rapid replacement of equipment, less than expected in exports, and less than expected in industry.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), East Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.