The high performance of the Centre for Research in High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials was matched by an increase of 43 per cent over the previous three quarters, with cash flows rising to an all-time high of 58.7 billion yuan in the third quarter of 2019.
The net return to the mother is now $9.2 billion, an increase of 88 per cent over the same period; of this total, $15.3 billion was received in the single quarter of the third quarter, an increase of 18 per cent over the same period; the net profit to the mother is $2.4 billion, an increase of 61 per cent over the previous quarter, an increase of 24 per cent (weighted) in the first three quarters, an increase of 6.6 pct over the same period of the previous year.
The profit level, asset quality continued to rise, accelerating digitization, intelligence and product development by 32.5% of the total Māori for the first three quarters of the product, with an increase of 1.4 pct over the same period; the net interest rate for sales was 16%, with an increase of 3.7 pct over the same period. The profit margin ring for the single quarter remained essentially unchanged.
Control, with a cost of 12.5 per cent for the first three quarters and a sales/financial cost decrease of 1.4.5 pct over the same period, net cash flow from the first three quarters of operations amounted to $9.4 billion, an increase of 8 per cent over the previous three quarters, a rise over the same period in history, 1. The performance of the Central Report doubled, with the market for excavators, cranes and cranes.
The first three quarters of the year saw an increase of $2 billion in R&D, an increase of 153% over the previous three quarters.
2. "Thirty Worker: Chinese Engineering Machines Renovation Needs to maintain a high industrial profile and Excavators ' domestic municipal presence continues to rise The Engineering and Mechanical Industry: Benefiting Downstream Replacement Needs, Capital Terrestrial Substitution, etc.
The engineering and machinery industry has been growing at a higher rate than in the previous round. Excavators: 25.6 per cent in the first three quarters of the year and 29 per cent in sales. 180,000 excavators were sold in January-September 2019, an increase of 14.7 per cent in the same year and 46,000 in the same year.
Quick-growth loops are back up, and the year ahead is expected to continue to outpace, and the next year's increase in the city's occupancy rate is expected to be smooth.
The crane industry registered a 32% increase in sales on a year-on-year basis, a negative increase in June-August, with industry increasing at a reverse downward trend of 9.2% in September. Four quarters out of the cool season, downstream capital growth rebounds and is expected to remain positive.
Chu Yonghua Capital estate investments are not as expected; there is a risk of a decline in sales in selected product industries.
Figure 1: 43 per cent increase in corporate revenue in January-September 2019 Net profit in January-September 2019: 88 per cent increase in year-on-year
Figure 11: Market share of vehicle crane sales: XXXI Rapid growth Analysis of rating ratios for relevant reports in the market
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment