Industry demand has grown steadily, and companies are profitable. 3x1 (600031.sh)
The company published three quarterly reports in 2019, yielding 58,691 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 42.88 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother $9,159 million, an increase of 87.56 per cent over the same period in the previous year; and 15,305 million yuan in the third quarter, an increase of 18.15 per cent.
2. Our analysis and judgment are that the company ' s products are core competitive, with a high net profit growth.
The volume of engineering machinery sales has continued to increase rapidly as a result of the construction of facilities, the strengthening of environmental protection, the increase in demand for equipment upgrading, the effects of artificial substitution, and so on.
During the reporting period, companies continued to improve the competitiveness and market share of products such as excavating machinery, concrete machinery, cranes, plant machinery, surface machinery, etc.
The high quality of the company’s operations has resulted in a significant increase in the company’s profitability and profits, and in a high rate of growth in the company’s sales in the first three quarters of 2019.
The Māori rate was 32.54 per cent, an increase of 1.38 percentage points over the same period; during the same period, the net interest rate on sales was the best ever. The net cash flow of corporate operations rose to 2.6 times in the first three quarters of 2019, and the stock turnover increased to 3.53 per cent from 3.18 per cent in the same period the previous year.
To promote digitalization, internationalization strategies, and future sales of the bottom line of policy. During the reporting period, the Department continued to pursue its digital and intelligent strategy, with per capita output at the top of the global engineering and machinery industry, with most overseas regions, such as Indonesia, India, Europe, the United States, etc.
With the impact of policies such as the special-purpose debt announcement, the Transport Power Building Programme and the Beautiful Village Building, we expect capital investment to increase, with a positive impact on the sales of engineering machinery.
In the event of the accident, the government increased its scrutiny of road vehicles overloading, and the need for additional vehicles, such as concrete vehicles, may have increased significantly: an increase in environmental phase-out would also have an impact on the sale of related engineering machinery. We expect the sales of engineering machinery to be sustained in the fourth quarter.
Given the company’s high market share in the engineering and machinery industry, the current state of the industry and its profitability, we expect that the company’s performance will continue to grow steadily. The company’s forward-looking strategy of digitalization and internationalization, with a digital transformation for productive release, we expect.
The risk of volatility in the engineering and machinery industry, internationalization has not expanded as much as expected, and market competition has increased the risk.