The performance of the three-quarterly report is in line with market expectations, the capital has increased its efforts to promote steady growth in the industry, and the operating cash flow is 9,445 million dollars, an increase of 8.16 per cent over the same period.The three-quarterly report continues to record high performance, overall in line with market expectations: the firm 2019q1-q3 is positive.
The current income is 58,691 million yuan, an increase of 42.88 per cent for the same year, and the net return to the mother is $9,159 million, an increase of 87.56 per cent for the same year, of which 2,019q3 quarterly income is $15,305 million, an increase of 18.15 per cent, the net profit to the mother is 2,411 million, an increase of 61.32 per cent for the same year.
0.48 pct. Operating cash flows of 9,445 million were achieved in the first three quarters, an increase of 8.16 per cent over the previous three quarters.The engineering and machinery industry has grown steadily and the company ' s core products are becoming more competitive: 1 September, sales in the excavator industry were 17.92 million, an increase of 15.03 per cent, and the company ' s share in the excavator market was increased by 15.03 per cent.
The total market value/flow (million yuan) has increased slightly, at a faster rate than the industry, and the product structure has improved considerably, with a larger share of medium-sized ton digs.
The concrete industry has also been growing at a high rate this year, with the company acting as the industry's third-in-one card, the Association of Commercial Cars and Engineering Machinery, and the capital building, which has increased its efforts to promote steady growth in the industry, and the company's profits are expected to continue to rise:
Three-time jobs (600031) " Downward pressures on the economy of the various product lines and rising capital investment. "
In order to speed up the use of local government-specific bonds, it is necessary to ensure that they are largely released by the end of September -- 2019/08/29 -- and to provide for the advance issuance of a portion of the special-purpose debt for the next year to ensure that they will be effective by the beginning of next year.
Three heavy jobs (600031) Performance 2019h1 believes that, in the context of the accelerated issuance of special-purpose debt, capital projects are expected to be landing at an accelerated pace, exceeding expectations, and looking forward to the long-term competitiveness of companies.
There has been a marked acceleration in the recent start of work in the Yuan region, Guangdong, Guangxi and Hunan, with steady growth in the engineering sector - 2019/07/17 - expected to continue with corporate profits as industry leaders.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: We expect companies to double their net profits in 2019-2021 and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Three-quarters report performance is in line with market expectations, and capital has increased to promote steady growth in the industry.
Three-quarterly reports are in line with market expectations, and infrastructure has increased its efforts to promote a steady growth of the industry. Industry research is good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related plates.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Centre in July 2019, was dedicated to studying industrial fluctuations and finding certainty opportunities, and was employed at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Institute in July 2017.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.