The U.S. National Reckless Securities Center for High-end Equipment and New Materials Research
"Equal Manufacturing + Finance" Synergy of Company Basics (RMB) issued an announcement in response to an enquiry from the Shanghai Stock Exchange regarding the operations and finances of the 31 1 car finance
The three-car finance will provide financial services around the company’s engineering and machinery business, with the transaction price adjusted from RMB 3.98 billion to 3.38 billion. This acquisition will facilitate the company’s transformation to “manufacture plus services” and facilitate the process of internationalization and digitization of the company and raise the company’s profitability.
1) Main business content: financial services for engineering machinery and car buyers. Out of the $450 million interest income from January to October 2019, wholesale loans from distributors (the loan term is < 1 year), mortgages from retailers (30% of the loan term) and finance leases from retailers (the first payment ratio)
After the purchase of the car, the finance will be used for second-hand engineering equipment loans or financial leasing operations, for consulting, agency and second-hand engineering equipment residual processing activities.
2. Access to finance: Three-One Car Finances obtains funds through shareholder deposits, loans from financial institutions, issuance of financial debt.
3. Profitability: The profit model for wholesale and retail loans is a profit spread, with a loan rate of 6-9% and a raise rate of 4.35%-5%.
In January-October 2019, the vehicle pre-tax profit of $130 million fell by 38 per cent, while the total external lending rose but the net profit fell, mainly because of the lack of synchronization between the proceeds of external lending and the provision of loans.
4. Risk profile: 31,58 per cent of the financial capital adequacy of the Trinity Car as of 31 October, loan balance of $9,378 million, ratio of wholesale loans from dealers, mortgage loans from retailers and financial leases, respectively.
1) Impact on the main financial indicators for triple-time jobs: the ratio of corporate assets and liabilities as at 30 September 2019 The revenue from automobile finance was $400 million in January-September 2019, or 0.68% of triple-time jobs, which has no significant impact on the company’s current business.
Wang Huajun (including debundling funds) is mainly a joint venture capital of Trinity Finance. 2) The acquisition of Trinity Finance, in conjunction with the development of the main industry, has helped to internationalize the internationalization: World Engineering Machines.
The big one, building competitive financial capacity, drives companies to move to “manufacturing plus services.” On the basis of good cash flows and monetary capital for three-time jobs, optimizes the three-car gold, including shareholder deposits.
By integrating financing structures and increasing the efficiency of the use of triple-time capital and the return on capital.
Figure 2: Māori rates for the different operations of Māori in January-October 2019 in XXXI auto finance Figure 3: Changes in the net financial profits of XXXI automobiles in 2017-2019 (millions of yuan)
Figure 5: Key financial indicators for motor finance, 31 per cent growth in January-October 2019, 47 per cent decline in profits and 50 per cent increase in loan balances
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment