On 22 December, the Board of Directors of the High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials Research Centre, Company Basics (RMB), issued an announcement agreeing to 91.43 per cent of Trinity Motor Finance Co. Ltd.
After fully listening to the market, the purchase deal fell by $600 million, pb by 1.2 times, and the company announced on December 12 that it was going to buy the Trinity Car Finance Company, which, after taking due account of the market, reduced the transaction price from $3.98 billion to $3.38 billion. As of October 2019, the value of the Trinity Car Fund had been reduced to $3.38 billion.
The net equity of the company is $2.9 billion, and the price-adjusted transactional asset pb is 1.2 times more. Given the scarcity of the licence plate, the transaction price is relatively fair; and the Group of Three (G3) has committed to compensate for the loss if the current net account receivable from AFC is lost due to quality or return risk.
The proposed acquisition of Trinity Financial Corporations (FICs) has helped to improve competitiveness and promote internationalization. This acquisition has helped facilitate the transformation of firms into “manufacture plus services” and the process of internationalization of firms.
2. High Performance Growth meets Expectations, Cash Flows Re-emerging After Acquisition Companies will provide distributors and customers with packages of solutions, services and finance
The three-quarterly review of the three-yearly review of the world’s largest industry, Sino-Chico, provides low financing costs and improves the competitiveness of products and services. The business structure of the international champions, Caterpillar and Matsuma, drives companies to shift to “manufacture + services.”
3. “The doubling of reported performance, the acquisition of 3-car finance by excavators and cranes can help to create and improve financing channels for the overseas sale of products and to accelerate the increase in the rate of overseas sales — a stocktaking of the 3-plus jobs”,
The development of core financial capabilities, such as wind control models, offshore finance talent, and the promotion of overseas engineering and machinery sales agencies, China’s 14-plus financial support are needed to effectively reduce the cost of overseas financing for companies and clients.
The current auto finance business, which serves mainly the trio and its industrial chain, buys three-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o. According to the three-quarters report, the cash available to companies amounts to 19.3 billion dollars (money 13.8 billion + serviceable).
Wang Huajun, a financial asset of $5.5 billion, can also boost the profitability of this part of the cash through financial companies. The demand in the engineering and machinery market continues to flourish, and the monthly sales of excavators, car cranes and cranes are increasing at a faster rate than ever before.
Part of the product industry risked falling sales; Volatility in global financial markets
Figure 1: 43 per cent increase in corporate revenue in January-September 2019 Net profit in January-September 2019: 88 per cent increase in year-on-year
Appendix II: Industry sales data score, then averaged final rating as market average investment