Resource and Environmental Research Centre 54% increase in flexibilities, and lower coal prices continue to grow. Companies achieved business income of $22.116 billion in the first quarter of 2020, a decrease of 6.01% in the same year; net return to the mother.
The company’s performance was higher than expected, with lower electricity prices and a small drop in revenue: the impact of the new crown epidemic in the first quarter, the company’s power delivery zone, reduced demand for electricity in the area, and a cumulative electricity generation of 46,553 million kilowatt-hours, down from the same period last year.
10.81 per cent; 43.478 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity on the Internet, 10.67 per cent less than the same period last year.
Coal combustion, financial costs double down, profits improved valuation Average power coal prices fell by 27.5 yuan/tonne, a decline of 4.67%. The decline in electricity prices and the decline in electricity generation is expected to return to the depths of China Electric International.
The fall in the price of coal not only offsets the negative impact of the decline in electricity generation, but also achieved a 50% increase in the company’s net return profit. According to our previous calculations, the company elasticizes the cost of coal to the Qin island q5,500.
1.25 The company's performance in the first quarter of the year, which is the highest among comparable companies, has also amply validated our ruling that the price of coal has increased over a long period of time and that the high-scoring red and low-value valuations have defensive properties: in the second quarter of 2020, the price of coal, which has lost the support of heating, has fallen rapidly, and Qin Island q5,500 has fallen 500 yuan per year.
Tons. In 2020, the coal price hub is expected to be $520-540 per ton, and companies will continue to obtain profitable business repairs from the lower coal prices, cash flows will be abundant, companies will have a basis for maintaining a high red mark, and robust performance will be more defensive under the current economic downturn.
The impact of the epidemic exceeded expectations; electricity prices fell significantly; coal prices rose; and stocks restrictions were lifted.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment