The logic of this track has changed overnight?
One billion yuan, or 19.06 per cent more in the same year; 22.13 billion yuan in net profit to mothers, or 22.33 per cent more in the same year; cash flow from operating activities, based on institutional holdings, among the top 20 agencies, there is not a shortage of top-level funds, e-Franda and Botham, but also a lot of money. In the third quarter of 2019, however, there was no shortage of cash.
This case has been studied several times before, at the following points and drawings: it is Chinese medicine, a combination of pharmaceutical commerce and the pharmaceutical industry.
In medicine business, it is the regional distribution leader in the Zhejiang region, ranked tenth in 2018 among the country's pharmaceutical businesses, with an income of 23.3 billion yuan. In the pharmaceutical industry, it has two heavy-pound products: 100% capsules, Acarbo sugar and more than 2 billion annual sales.
From the point of view of the rate of return on investment, in 2018, the Chinese East medicine rose from 24.74 per cent to 23.17 per cent in Heung Swe. Second, however, after its semi-annual disclosure, its stock prices showed a departure from those of Heung Swe, whose stock prices fell sharply (from a high point of 44.10 to an inter-district location of 19.03, a sharp fall of 56 per cent), while it continued to innovate.
Not only that, but also if the two valuation expectations are traced back to the opposite, the historical valuation area of Heung Swe is 39-69 times, while the Chinese medicine is 23-31 times. The difference, though only in detail, is reflected in this report, which will update the Excel form of its financial model and comb it for you, based on the tri-quarters of 2019.
Key points of the tri-quarter report: in terms of the quality of growth — operating income increased by 19.06 per cent on a year-on-year basis, receivables increased by 18.17 per cent on a year-on-year basis, sales fees increased by 1.99 per cent on a year-on-year basis and inventory increased by 9.91 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
As a result of the consolidation of the financial statements, the growth was of good quality as a whole. In terms of profitability — 32.34 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 2.83 per cent in the same year; in terms of operating capital — 19.38 per cent in terms of accounts receivable at the end of the third quarter of 2019, the turnover rate of accounts receivable was 19.38 per cent.
At the same time, there was a slight increase in the stock turnover rate of 4.81 at the end of the third quarter of 2019, summarizing the three-quarterly report: steady growth in operating income and stable profitability.
1) What are the factors worth analysing after the release of its three-quarterly report? From a modelling perspective, how will these change factors affect the financial modelling? 2) What is the difference between the performance of the three-quarterly report in 2019 and the previous estimates? What are the data assumptions that need to be updated?
3) In this case, the Chinese medicine fell by 45% from its high point in 2018, and the entire market is expected to be fermenting its heavy-pound product, Acapopa. So, how much of Acapopa sugar revenue would that be?) This time, based on the updated data from the tri-quarters of 2019, what is the area to be valued?
Today we start with Chinese medicine to study the characteristics of the pharmaceutical business, and the logic of financial modelling. In the field of medicine, we've been able to model Heung-seo, Wahlan-El, Chang Chun-hyun, Shizuku, Shizuku, Dong-yang,
Stone 4 medicines, etc. ...can buy a professional version of the team's report, get some of the case valuations we've done before, as well as detailed Excel financial models, and even hundreds of companies and dozens of industries for in-depth study of the nature of the industry.
Since the three-quarterly report does not contain a breakdown of the data disclosed, we are mainly using the information disclosed by the voucher vendor to determine whether to adjust the fake set-up, which is partially shown in purple fonts; otherwise, it is still shown in black fonts, and the three-quarterly report has the following main valuation assumptions:
1) The rate of income growth — 27,628 million yuan in operating income in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 19.06 per cent over the same period, not much in contrast to our estimate of 18.79 per cent. By operations, the difference between the estimated 16 per cent is small, so we don't adjust it.
The pharmaceutical industry: According to the voucher researcher, in the first three quarters of 2019, the revenue of the business grew at a rate of approximately 29.88 per cent, compared to our data, mainly because we did not have access to all the pharmaceutical information we contained when predicting other drugs, so we predicted them roughly according to industry growth, while in the third quarter of 2019, other drugs were released faster.
However, in terms of the growth in the income of the 100% core drug and the Acapose sugar, according to the data disclosed by the voucher dealers, 100% of the income of the capsule increased by about 15% in the first three quarters of 2019, a slight difference from the 17% we forecast; Acapo sugar increased its income.
Therefore, we do not adjust their income growth rates. Given the change in the Māori and annual Māori rates in the three quarters of history, the Māori rate in the three quarters is higher than the Māori rate at the end of the year, and does not differ significantly from the combined Māori rate of 30.2% that we forecast, so we do not adjust their cost-rate assumptions.
Not much, and there may be some fluctuations between the quarterly reports and the annual reports. Therefore, we do not adjust to the original assumptions.) Other assumptions — capital expenditure, operating capital changes are small, and we maintain the same assumptions.
The data are carefully cross-referenced and in-depth -- according to the three-quarterly report, what minor changes have occurred in the basics? How will the underlying value be affected by these minor change factors?
During the mid-2019 reporting period, KFW, FG, BF, etc. However, according to the three-quarterly report of 2019, KFW, FK, BF, etc.
Over the past three years, its business income has increased at an annual compound rate of 9.92 per cent and the net profit return at a 25.17 per cent annual compound rate.The net profit return has declined at a year-on-year rate because of increased R & D inputs, a 77.39 per cent increase in R & D costs compared to the previous year, and a rise in management costs as a result of the merger of the acquired subsidiary Sinclairphyrmalimited
1) Pharmaceutical commerce — operations are mainly concentrated in Zhejiang province, which is the leading pharmaceutical business in Zhejiang province and is the leading provider of medicine in our country. 2) The pharmaceutical industry — the central operator is the controlled subsidiary, Chinese-American East Chinese pharmaceutical in Hangzhou, which produces products in the areas of organ transfer, immunosuppressants, diabetes, digestion, and 100% capsules and Acapose sugar.
3) International Medical Beauty Business — In 2018, Chinese medicine was collected through the acquisition of the United Kingdom Medical beauty company Sinclair (26.86 per cent), and International Medical Beauty Business (0.25 per cent). However, in terms of Maori contributions, the Māori ratio in the pharmaceutical industry was 80.58 per cent, followed by pharmaceutical commerce (18.78 per cent), and international medical beauty business (0.6 per cent).
On the industrial chain, suppliers of raw materials, medicines, etc., are upstream, with the top five suppliers purchasing 6.51 per cent of the total, with low concentration; and downstream, with the top five clients accounting for 8.19 per cent of total revenue, with low concentration.
This business has resulted in a financial reporting structure unique to this case: 14.01 per cent was spent on sales costs, 2.56 per cent on management costs, 2.3 per cent on research and development costs, and the rest, before the valuation model was carried out, we looked at a set of basic data compiled by Merger and Purchasing Merger:
\blacksquare p-ttm (left-1) \ttm \t-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n \b-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-e-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-e-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-e-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-e-n-n-e-n-n-n-e-n-n-n-n-n-n-e-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-e-e-n-e-n-n-n-n-e-n-n-n-n-n-n-e-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-e-e-e-e-n-n-n-e-e-e-e-e-n-n-n-n-n-e-e-e-e-n-e-e-n-n-n-e-e-e-n-n-n-n-n-n-e-n-n-n-n-n-n-e-e-e-n-n-n-n-n-n-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-n-e-e-n-n-n-e-n-n-n-n-n-n-e-n-n-n-n-n-n-n
(a) Prior to 2012: the front-run revenue growth hub, at about 20-25 per cent;
As can be seen, the growth of the industry as a whole has been faster in the field of pharmaceutical commerce, on the one hand, as a result of the faster growth of the gdp in the country and the expansion of health care coverage, and, on the other hand, in the pharmaceutical industry, which relies on 100% of the capsules, the market opening of the Acarbo sugar market, and access to the catalogue of essential medicines.
For example, it has led to faster emissions, with growth rates of 40% and more than 30% respectively. And the decline in business growth at a later stage has clearly been hampered by the slowdown in pharmaceutical commerce, but it is noted that the surge in the pharmaceutical industry remains at more than 20%.
The growth in pharmaceutical commerce has declined, with industry revenues falling overall in 2013 as a result of the fall in drug prices and the gsk bribery; and industry-wide growth generally falling in 2017 as a result of the “two-vote” system. However, through policy analysis of the two-vote system (reference to our previous report on this case, as can be seen from the purchase of a professional version of the report bank), the policy
The impact on the industry is limited and gradually digested, and this case began to warm up in the fourth quarter of 2018, when we opened up two separate projects for the pharmaceutical business and the pharmaceutical industry.
At the same time, full customer coverage was achieved for medical institutions, retail terminals, and distributors, mainly in Zhejiang province, where the city is the first with around 20%. As it is not possible to split the amount of commercial income from medicines, prices are forecast, and changes in the market’s share are difficult to determine.
In this case, the acceleration method is projected. That is, the current year ' s income = the previous year ' s income* (1+ growth rate). So, what is the driving force behind the growth of the pharmaceutical circulation industry? What are the prospects?
However, the pharmaceutical circulation sector is still promising. The main reasons are the following: first, the policy pushers the industry to shuffle and improve the concentration of leading enterprises.
In the United States, for example, in 1980, the United States introduced a series of policies, such as the control of drug quality, market pricing mechanisms, and the authorization of wholesale enterprise systems. Among them, the authorization of wholesale enterprises is similar to the “two-vote system”, which refers to the government's recognition of a qualified large pharmaceutical wholesale enterprise as a “authorised wholesale enterprise”, which chooses among pharmaceutical producers.
After a combination of mergers, reorganizations, and card-shuffling, the pharmaceutical circulation industry formed a three-pronged pattern, with Macson (37%), Cardina Health (33%) and US-Gen Burgan (26%) monopolizing about 90% of the entire US market.
In view of the differences in the Chinese-American situation, the flow of medicine in the United States has been made downstream, mainly to national drug chains, with no geographical barriers, thus making it easier to form a national flagship; while the flow of medicine in China has been downstream, mainly to hospitals, which are geographically distributed, with pre-entry enterprises having stronger market control (with pharmaceutical companies or local relations).
So, the domestic pharmaceutical distribution market is less concentrated than in the United States, where the current competitive pattern of “national taps (Change, medicine, medicine) + geographical taps (Chudong medicine, Yunnan drugs, etc.)” is difficult to change in the short term. Second, since the flow of medicines is a “bridge” for upstream supply and downstream demand, the supply side and demand.
In the United States, for example, in the 1980’s or so, there was an outbreak of innovation in the United States, with prescriptions selling from 5% in the 1970’s – for example, heavy-pound innovation drugs such as Lovertin in Mercado (listed in 1987 at a peak of $14 billion), and competitions.
The US pharmaceutical circulation industry has grown at a combined rate of about 15%, benefiting from the explosion of innovative medicines. Domestic supply ends, when based on generics, will clearly move toward innovative drugs.
In October 2017, the Central Office of the Communist Party of China and the Office of the State Council launched the " Opinion on Deepening the Review and Approval System Reform and Encouraging Innovation in Medico-medical Devices " , which set out policies to accelerate the approval and approval of the review, including conditional approvals, and to speed up the process of placing innovative medicines on the market by our pharmaceutical companies.
In September 2019, the Health and Welfare Board issued the Healthy China Action-Cancer Control Implementation Programme (2019-2022), which clearly states that the registration and approval of new anti-cancer medicines should be expedited, both within and outside the country.
For a few years, Heung-seo, Jun-seu, Sin-Da, etc. have been listed as the pd-1. Due to their higher adaptive levels, including higher rates of non-small cell lung cancer, they are expected to be released in greater quantities in the future, as well as to the total consumption of medicine in the country, the State has also encouraged the acceleration of new medicines that have been placed on the market abroad and are in urgent need of clinical assistance, which will also stimulate the pharmaceutical industry.
Rapid growth. For example, the nine-priced hpv vaccine against cervical cancer, from listing applications to completion of the technical review, is simply a long-term gap between our per capita medical expenditure and that of developed countries. In 2018, we spent less than US$ 200 on medicine, while US$ 1400 in the United States and over US$ 800 in Japan.
In terms of population base and ageing trends, China's pharmaceutical industry is a highly defined “green track.” Three points (higher concentration of industry, growth in the size of the pharmaceutical industry, differences in per capita spending on medicine abroad) determine the prospects for the entire pharmaceutical sector, so what is the pace of growth in pharmaceutical commerce in combination with these three dimensions?
1) In terms of the size of the pharmaceutical industry - in 2017, Zhejiang Province sold 1,451.35 billion yuan, accounting for 7.25 per cent of the country's drug sales, ranking 5th with a compound increase of 8.42 per cent over the last three years.
The market for medicines in Zhejiang province is dominated by Chinese medicine, the Intel Group, Zhejiang Shizumoto, among them, Huadong.
The Chinese Medicines Pk Intel Group, which is competitive, depends critically on cost-control and financial operations. Compared to the Māori rate in the last three years, Māori is 7.29%, 7.43%, and Māori, respectively.
7.47% compared to 6.06%, 6.61%, 6.88%, 0.82%, 0.84%, 0.81%, and this case is clearly better than the Intel Group. (The foreign leader is about 2%) By comparison, both the Intel Group and the Chinese Medicines have both cost control and financial operations.
There is a gap. Therefore, the future pattern of competition for medicine in Zhejiang province is expected to remain stable. 3) Per capita spending on medicine - in 2018, per capita spending on health care in Zhejiang province was $2059, a 21.4 per cent increase over the previous three years.
Based on the three-quarter revenue growth rate disclosed by voucher dealers in 2019, which was 14.89% for their pharmaceutical business operations, closer to the 16% we had previously predicted, so we maintain the same assumption. How will we predict the income of the pharmaceutical industry after looking at the forecast for medical business income?
In 2018, it earned $8.238 billion, an increase of 26.86 per cent over the same period. According to the data disclosed by the voucher dealers, its income from the pharmaceutical industry increased by approximately 29.88 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019.
This is due mainly to the fact that we do not have access to all the drug information that is contained in other drugs when we predict them. So, we predict them slightly by industry, while in the first three quarters of 2019, other drugs were released relatively quickly, resulting in a difference between our forecast results and the real income increase.
However, in terms of the income growth of the hard core capsules and the Acapose sugar, according to the data disclosed by the voucher dealers, in the first three quarters of 2019, the income growth of the 100 caps was about 15 per cent, a slight difference from the 17 per cent we forecast; therefore, the increase in the income of the Acapo sugar industry is not adjusted for the income growth of the pharmaceutical industry.
Although it has a larger product class, its core products, the 100% capsule, the Acapose sugar, contribute more income, about 50% of its pharmaceutical industry income, so we're mainly predicting these two products, while other products, such as second-line production, pyrotropyl, whether to replace McCorn ester, takmos, Xeroxin, etc., we're predicting simply.
1) See first its core product - 100% capsule: As we are not able to obtain specific market size and city occupancy information on 100% capsules, we use the speed-up method for 100% capsules, which were listed in 1991 as a Chinese medicine of the national class, which is a two-pronged drug.
Gas, used for cough, asthma, haemorrhage, back pain; chronic bronchitis, chronic nephrological incompetence; clinical applications, mainly focused on chronic renal diseases, respiratorys, organ transplants, blood dialysis, etc.
Renal diseases predominated at 40%. Respiratory problems accounted for 30% and organ transplants for 30%. Figure 26: Income per unit, while in 2016, the number of patients in the sample hospital was ranked first in kidneys and respiratorys.
The city’s share is 24% and 37%, respectively. After a rapid increase in historical income and the rate of growth, in 2017 it earned about 2.3 billion yuan per capsule, or 15% more in the same year.
In 2017, a new version of the health insurance catalogue was adjusted to change 100 capsules from assistive to gas-blood-supplemented drugs, diluting them as long-term therapeutic drugs for chronic diseases. In January 2019, the Office of the State Council issued the “Enhancing Performance Examination in Level III Public Hospitals” in the context of medical control fees.
The Nuclear Work Opinion states clearly that there are limits on the share of income from assistive medicines, which are not restricted by this regulation, so that in the future, 100% of the capsules under dilution of assistive drugs will remain, because of the number of units they apply, the future of properties closer to health care products, and the lack of accurate figures for the city.
Thus, in the valuation, we forecast the future rate of growth of the adaptive industries, taking into account the rate of increase in the sector. 1) Chronic kidney disease: according to the data revealed in our chronic renal disease epidemiology survey, the current adult prevalence rate of slow STDs is as high as 10.8 per cent, with a projected growth rate of chronic renal disease of more than 17 per cent over the next 10 years;
2. Respiratory diseases: The prevalence of respiratory diseases in the country is currently about 6.94 per cent, with more than 92 million people suffering from respiratory diseases per year throughout the country. In 2017, the size of medications exceeded $13.3 billion, of which the majority was used. From 2007 to date, the rate of use of medicines in the central medicine hospitals has increased by more than 15 per cent per year.[1]
3) Organ transplantation: The main application is for kidney transplants, which increased by approximately 19.67% in 2017 compared to the rate of transplant surgery, and which is expected to be maintained in the future as the level of contributions to our organs continues to rise. According to the data disclosed by the voucher dealers, the income of 100% capsules grew by about 15% in the first three quarters of 2019, in conjunction with us.
In summary, the three major adaptive conditions applied are increasing at a relatively similar rate, and the income share is also similar. And, from history, the M & A reasonable assumption is that, as it moves out of ancillary drugs, market expansion is increasing.
Akapo Sugar, another heavy-pound medicine for Chinese medicine, was first introduced in 2002 as Bayer's Batang Poon, and entered the National Health Care Directory in 2004. In 2017, sales were about $2 billion.
According to the data disclosed by the voucher dealer, Acapose's income grew by about 30% in the first three quarters of 2019, close to our forecast of 31%. Today, market concerns about the Chinese medicine core are about volume purchases.
We're not officially in place yet, and we're not adjusting our income assumptions here, but we're going to do a sensitivity analysis of the implications for it in the current update. It's mainly used to treat type 2 diabetes, and it's commonly used oral sugar.
Carbohydrates, which make us more suitable for starch-based food, are the core drug for our high-blood sugar treatments. For the Acapose projections, we use the city-to-city formula based on income = size of the market for diabetic drugs*
First, look at the size of the drug market for diabetes — our country is a large global diabetic country, with the number of type 2 diabetics accounting for about 90 per cent of diabetes, with a prevalence rate of about 10.9 per cent. According to Frost&Sullivan, there were 124 million diabetic patients in 2018.
The size of the drug market reached 57.3 billion yuan, with a compound growth rate of 13.65 per cent in 2013-2018, and the market share of Acapose - between oral and injecting drugs, with more oral drugs, including dichotomy and alpha-sugar enzyme inhibition
The use of diabetes mellitus in our country is dominated by oral drugs, of which Acarbo sugar is the leading and city-based drug in the country, but competition for diabetes medicine abroad varies. The U.S. market for diabetes mellitus is used to inject insulin.
On the island, the oral drops are dominated by the new anti-sugar drug dpp-4 inhibitor. (Note: glp-1 accelerator is retouched and oral, oral glp-1 developed for No and Nord, marketed in December 2017) Figure 31: Diabetes patterns in the United States
Since there are differences in the structure of oral mellitus in Central America, the trend in the future of the domestic market for oral mellitus is towards dpp-4, glp-1. So, here, we have to predict from the point of view of product suitability, price differentials, researchers, R&D progress, etc.
The speed and depth of substitution between these two generations of products for Acapose. (In view of the fact that the oral glp-1 original drug has just been marketed, and that most of the glp-1 drug in the country is injectable, it should not be used as an alternative to Acapose sugar, but rather as an alternative comparison of insulin, which is not a reference.)
The inhibitors are comparable, slightly lower than glp-1. 2) The price differential - Acapose costs about $5 per day, dpp-4 inhibitors about $7 per day, and glp-1 agonist about $40-50 per day. The price is close to the price of Dpp-4.
3) In the case of researchers: with the exception of Chinese medicine, Mio, Heung Swe, Tombo, Collon Pharmaceuticals, Restar Medicine, etc., are in the design of dpp-4 inhibitors and glp-1 agonists. 4) In the case of large laboratories, the development of Chinese medicine glp-1 and dpp-4 is more advanced than the development of Chinese medicine glp-1 and dpp-4.
Quick, of which, Sigletine's dichotomy (dpp-4) is in the process of production. Two glp-1s are in the clinical process, of which the glp-1 innovation drug tttp273 has just been launched.
On balance, dpp-4 has a competitive advantage in prices and Acarbo sugar, which may pose an alternative threat. However, taking into account medical habits (Acarbo sugar has for many years dominated the oral drug market, and the endocrinologists are more likely to use it)
At the same time, dpp-4 is a second-line drug that makes it very difficult to use first-line sugar in the short term, causing a blow. Moreover, even if it starts to have an alternative effect, considering that the Dpp-4 of the Chinese drug itself is about to be produced, it can still be in a better position to compete for the dpp-4.
As a result, the M&A sets a scenario switch - optimistically - for the penetration rate of Acapose sugar, which remains at its current level of 18 per cent during the forecast period;
Conservatively - during the projection period, Acapose's market share remained at its current level for almost five years, then, if hit by dpp-4, gradually slides down to the same level of glp-1 accelerator (14%) on the United States market. Then, look at the market's share.
Currently, the domestic production of Acapose is based on a microbial fermentation method, but this method has high quality control requirements for products such as germs, fermentation conditions and parameters, impurity separation, etc. As a result, there are fewer competitors for Acapose.
Given that the price of Acarbo sugar for Chinese medicine is about 70% of the original drug, there is a certain price advantage. Moreover, in terms of promotion, Chinese medicine is based on the advantages of its commercial operations, its ability to promote it is strong in the future.
There is still a certain trend towards substitution of national production.) Then, with the entry of other competitors, the rate of urban occupancy remains constant. Since other drugs are mainly related to stomach disease, immunosuppressants, diabetes, M & A is a reasonable prospect.
According to the data disclosed by the voucher dealers, the information that needs to be noted is that, in the first three quarters of 2019, their overall income from immunosuppressants, e.g., liglicone dimetrazine, nitrophene, and datocin, doubled. However, since detailed data are not available, the rate of increase in this part of the income is not adjusted in this three-quarter update.
In addition, the newly acquired medical beauty business, owing to its short timing, small size and lack of historical data, has been able to reach this point, where we have completed income projections. However, since the introduction of the bulk purchases, the core of the market dispute over Chinese medicine has been whether its core drug, Acarbo Sugar, will enter the collection in the future, and whether it will enter it after the collection.
What was the impact of income — so, the question that had to be addressed was whether the market was overstretched on it or whether it was really worried about its future? On December 6, 2019, the third round of a symposium on the purchase of pharmaceutical belts was held in Shanghai.
According to the information received, it is generally expected that the new round will be partially adjusted on the basis of the first two rounds (no, there may be changes in the future due to unofficial market expectations, subsequent formal policies, etc., which will also need to be based on new 1) and that the construction of public hospitals (including Xinjiang) in the 32 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country will be expected to take place.
2) agreed procurement volume: if one is selected, the agreed procurement volume is expected to be 50 per cent of the total procurement volume; if two are selected, expected to be about 3) the winning rule is generally expected to be the case in the industry, in the generic name of the same drug collected by the State, for all enterprises
The country ' s lowest winning bid is the maximum price (i.e., the upper limit of the final winning bid is the current lowest price on the national market), the number of successful firms determined by market competition, and the lowest number of household tenders. 4) The number of successful enterprises is expected to be the result of this national rule for the expansion of the number of successful firms (second batch of entries).
The market is expected to select the supply area from the original low-to-high-priced enterprises, on a rotational basis. The change is based on the selection of the lowest-priced enterprises for two to three provinces, and the ranking of the lowest-to-high-priced ones.
Previously, the market's “expected list” had included 35 products, including Acarbo sugar, dimethyl diazepines, and protein violet. That was why the case had fallen sharply in recent times, as expected.
So, the core question is: if Acapo sugar really goes into the current round, how much will that affect the Acapo sugar revenues of Chinese medicine? Here, we're going to do it. The core question for Acapo sugar is how much prices are going to fall. We're going to do this.
Revenue from sale = Acapo sugar sales income in 2018* (1-1-decrease)* (1+ increase in market share due to the winning bid); Acapo sugar, from a product-type perspective, has three product types affected by collateral purchases, mainly 1 of 50 mg) Acapo sugar tablets (50 mg, 100 mg): Bayer, Huadong medicine competes, and Chinese medicine has been evaluated through consistency.
2) Akapo sugar capsules: Green leaf pharmaceuticals have been evaluated for consistency; 3) Akapo sugar chewing tablets (50 mg): Chinese medicine has not been evaluated for consistency, and therefore, in the current pattern of competition, there is only one direct competitor for Chinese medicine.
According to the pricing rules for a new round of hand-held purchases, the price is not higher than the lowest winning price in the country. The lowest winning price for Chinese medicine in the last year is 1.3 yuan/square (50 mg).
According to the Central Procurement Document for high blood pressure diabetics clinics for urban and rural residents, the maximum price limit for Acapose is 0.68 yuan. At present, the average price for Acarbo sugar for Chinese medicine is between $1.3 and 1.4. We calculate it briefly on the basis of 1.3.
On this basis, it has been calculated that to meet the requirements for this level of procurement (the offer is less than $0.68 per piece), the Chinese medicine will need to be reduced by 48% and by 64% for Bayer. The big lydler has signed an exclusive procurement agreement. Thus, Chinese medicine has a certain cost advantage over Bayer.
There is a greater likelihood that China’s medicine will be able to accept a lower price than China’s. Here, by assuming that China’s medicine prices will be reduced by 55%, 65%, 75% (69%, 76%, and 83% for Bayer), three scenarios allow for sensitivity analysis.
Since the competitors of the Akapo sugar tablets are currently only two types of Chinese medicine and Bayer, there is only one household mark according to the winning rule disclosed in unofficial information, so we analyse their sales according to both winning and non-achieving bid:
Case 1 — If a single household mark is successful, the agreed share of the purchase volume is 50%, China can divide 48% of the market area (not including 4% market share of the capsule agent), calculated as 48% = (100%-4%) *50%, while in the unaggregated procurement union area, we assume that its market share is at the current level (30%) and its non-aggregation level is constant (30%)
Case 2 — It can compete only in the non-federal region if it has not succeeded in winning the bid; since the regions not involved in carrying out purchases are mostly township hospitals, the coverage of the market in this part of China’s medicine is more optimisticly estimated to be competitive enough to capture at least 60 per cent of the market share of the unincorporated procurement area.
Based on the sensitivity analysis described above, when China’s drug price has been reduced by 55%, it has not had a significant impact on its income, which will have been reduced by only 7% (100%-93%). Thus, China’s drug price has been reduced by a greater incentive than in the three winning scenarios.
And, it's worth noting that while the pharmaceutical industry's income growth and net profit growth are almost consistent, the Chinese medicine industry is still on the rise.
And the answer is, "Innovation premium." For pharmaceutical manufacturers, core competitiveness is research and development. And let's compare it with: Chinadong, which focuses on diabetes, anti-cancer, super antibiotics, digestive tracts, cardiovasculars, immunosuppression.
In the direction of agents and the market for chronic diseases, such as diabetes, and in the field of anti-cancer medicine, as well as anaesthetics, cinematography and, to a lesser extent, sugar and urinary diseases.
And, in terms of R & D inputs, the R & D rate for Chinese medicine is lower in the industry, but as it has grown in recent years, it is already similar to Chinese biopharmaceuticals that we have studied in 2018, but it is quite different from Heung Swe, where there are currently 56 innovative drugs.
WATON — In terms of the number of innovations, there are only three innovations in the line of research, one for non-small-cell lung cancer, the McWalleney: a global new mellitus technology introduced from the United States, oral glp-1 product, tttp-273; a new mediabete drug, hd-118.
(2) Basic information on major R & D projects. According to the 2016 report of the evaluatepharma Worldpreview 2016, otookto 2022, the net present value (NPV) method was used to assess the global market potential for new drugs.
In 2016, the ratio of Npv/total market value of the Rhodes, Novartis, Sénofie, Celgene, Johnson and other giants was more than 20 per cent, while Npv (approximately RMB 52.1 billion) of the ii/iii phase of the Npv innovative drug species accounted for about 25 per cent of the market value of Heung Swe medicine (approximately RMB 21 billion) in 2016, and the indicators for the global multinational drug industry.
By the same token, we did a rough npv valuation of the McWaldeone Ideal currently under study in Chinese medicine (taking into account that the two remaining innovations, apart from Mycrew Denny, are just beginning, and npv is very small and not included in the calculation), because of its adaptive condition, which is non-small cell lung cancer, and which is a modifier, which is similar to that of the Arpatini non-cell lung cancer in Henry (on the market).
So, on the assumption that its future city occupancy rate is consistent with that of Hsing Swe, the approximate npv is 3.6 billion left, and because of the wide variation in the value of innovative drugs, its valuation area is significantly lower than that of Hsing Suk, while stone and Chinese biopharmaceuticals are mainly based on generics, so the valuation range for Hsien Tung medicine is closer to that of stone, whereas Hsien is much closer.
So, there is a question that needs to be addressed: whether, in the case of Chinese medicine, it is faster to study or to be marketed, as we have studied Chinese biopharmaceuticals, the same thing that is shrinking income in Encarve.
At the same time, there are new items like Anrotoni that can be used as a replacement for the drops. In addition to the innovations, there are some counterfeits in the Chinese medicine, mainly in diabetes, anti-cancer, super antibiotics, and the elimination of the more than 30 major research and development projects that have been revealed, the focus is on new sugars.
The country’s market is still dominated by insulin, Akapo sugar, and dichotomy, which are smaller. However, it still covers glp-1 (expected to be marketed in 2022), dpp-4 (expected to be marketed in 2020), and sglt-2, represented by the net equivalent of Caglia.
But it's worth noting that these products are not innovative drugs, and they're not the first. It's just that, as a bio-like drug, imitation is more difficult than generic generics.
Lilla Lupe, a Chinese drug, is currently in clinical phase three, and is expected to be marketed in about 2022. We use the city-to-city approach, which predicts: Lilla Lupe, the income from Chinese medicine = the size of our diabetic drug market * glp-1 penetration * Li La Rupe penetration * the rate of Chinese medicine market *
1) The size of our market for diabetic drugs — the size of our market, which we follow from the above projections — is projected to reach $173.9 billion by 2028, with an annual compound increase of 2) glp-1 penetration — currently, our penetration rate for glp-1 is low, at 1.52 per cent, while in the United States it is expected to reach only 1.52 per cent.
As high as 14.1%, considering that glp-1 is mostly injectable, that it is not easy to use oral medication, and that our doctors and patients still use Acapose. Therefore, we conservatively assume that the glp-1 penetration rate is slower to reach the current level in the United States by 2028 (14%).
3) Lilalupi City - currently, Lilalupi is the core species of glp-1, with 61%. However, considering that the newly listed Somaluyan is an oral type and is better at clinical level than Lilalupia, there is a potential future impact on Lilaru Pin.
Therefore, we assume that for the last three years, Lilarupine's share of the city has remained at its current level of 61 per cent, which has gradually fallen to 47 per cent worldwide in 2018. (4) The Chinese East Medical City is home only to former researchers Noor and Nord's Lilarupin, and the country is in Liralu.
There are about seven manufacturers in the Chinese fabric, including Chinese biopharmaceuticals, transmercial Tombos, among them, China’s fast-paced medicine, which is estimated to be around 1.1 billion in size over the next decade. Moreover, China’s medicine has a fast-paced sugar pill, Sigletin IIA, which is projected in the same way.
We will not repeat here that it is expected to be about 1 billion in size over the next decade. But overall, there are few heavy-pound products that can feed Acapose sugar in the short term of three to five years, so that in a pessimistic scenario (without taking into account the growth of small varieties), there is a real risk of a decline in the scale of profits in this case.
Combined with the above data, Merger Merger has given the following calculations for the case, the income growth rate for the last three years has been reduced and projected, respectively. This is a small step in the evolution of the valuation model.
And then we have to look at -- how the annual profits are estimated? What are the main factors in the profit tables, how are they constructed? Where will the future annual operating revenues be spent in this case?
Costs (including R & D), sales costs. Note that all three of the above-mentioned calculators are depreciated and amortized.
Compared to their domestic counterparts, the Māori rate is largely at the industry average, while the Māori rate is generally higher for domestic firms compared to the international giants. This is mainly due to the fact that foreign firms have gone through the process of industrial integration, and their operations are mainly based on the fact that the Māori rate is higher than that of the international giants.
This assumes that future Māori commercial Māori rates for Chinese medicine will remain at the 2018 level (7.47%). By contrast, Māori rates for Chinese medicine industry operations are similar to those of Hsing Siu and are at higher levels in the industry.
Given the more stable historical Māori rates in its pharmaceutical industry operations, it is assumed that in the future its Māori rates will remain almost five years flat3 (excluding R&D costs) for international medical and aesthetic operations - management costs include mainly employee remuneration, travel costs, etc. from history.
The share of costs in income is shown (2.05 per cent, 2.06 per cent, 1.67 per cent, 1.93 per cent, respectively, in 2014-2018), and therefore no adjustment is made to the original assumptions.
Therefore, M & As makes a reasonable assumption - that its management costs will remain at an average of almost five years of water R & D costs during the projection period - in terms of historical R & D costs as a share of the pharmaceutical industry income (the R & D costs as a proportion of M & D revenues for the projection period (2014-2018, respectively) - that their R & D costs will represent the income of the pharmaceutical industry during the projection period
Thus, the cost of sales - mainly travel, promotional and market maintenance, employee remuneration, etc. The historical cost of sales as a percentage of income - was 11.23 per cent, 12.74 per cent, 13 per cent, 13.4 per cent, and 14.01 per cent in 2014-2018, respectively.
We maintain the same assumption. By contrast with the industry, since Chinese medicine has both pharmaceutical commerce and industry, its sales costs are not comparable to those of the same industry, are lower than those of pharmaceutical industries and higher than those of pharmaceutical businesses.
Therefore, M&A makes a reasonable assumption — because its historical sales cost as a share of income is rising, but because of the modest changes, it is assumed that its sales cost as a share of income will remain at the 2018 level for the projected period.
The balance sheet is based on two key assumptions that affect the free cash flow of enterprises: capital, capital spending on Chinese medicine, mainly for the expansion of production lines, factories, etc., but generally low. The higher capital expenditure in 2018, at $1.642 billion, was mainly due to the acquisition of new pharmaceutical technology from the British medical and American company Sinclair and the outsourcing of medicines.
As a result, we maintain our original assumptions about capital spending. Thus, M&A makes reasonable assumptions about capital spending:
1) Due to the lower proportion of fixed asset inputs as a percentage of income, assuming that this proportion will remain at an average of nearly five years in the future 2) As a result of the lower level of additional construction work in progress, assuming future maintenance capital expenditure as a percentage of the net fixed asset value of the previous year 3) depreciation is classified as depreciation of existing fixed assets + depreciation of additional fixed assets, and we assume that depreciation of existing fixed assets is maintained
At the same level in 2018, the depreciation of the new fixed assets was depreciated in straight-line terms, with a depreciation of 10 years, with a residual value rate 4) because of their acquisition in 2019, which resulted in higher levels of additional intangible assets, but at the same level of historical data, the amortization of intangibles as a proportion of intangibles at the beginning of the period remained at almost a five-year average of 14 per cent.
The share of the amortization of the long-term cost to be amortized at the beginning of the period, at an average of almost 57% of the five-year average.
To strengthen its own free cash flow and to enhance its own value? Operating capital, we look at: 1) downstream voice rights — mainly instruments receivable and receivables, accounts received in advance.
In historical data, while its accounts receivable as a percentage of income is declining, if broken down into accounts receivable and accounts receivable, the increase in discounts of instruments receivable results in a decrease in the proportion of instruments receivable; in the third quarter of 2019, its accounts receivable as a share of income was 31.13 per cent, an increase of 0.09 per cent over the same period.
So we don't make any adjustments to the original assumptions. So we don't make any adjustments to the original assumptions.
Downstream clients in domestic pharmaceutical-flowing enterprises are mainly hospitals, with less speech power, while the foreign giants are chained pharmacies, with relatively more speech power. In contrast to their domestic counterparts, Chinese medicine is at a higher level in the industry.
2) upstream voice - mainly accounts payable and advances, whose share of costs is more stable from historical data. In the third quarter of 2019, their share of costs was 30.03 per cent, an increase of 2.35 per cent over the same period.
There is a decrease of 0.34% in the same year. There is a slight change in the share of the cost of accounts payable and advances due to differences in the quarterly reporting data over the annual reporting.
In summary, Merger Mergers reasonably assumes that their share of the costs payable during the projection period is at an average of 19.73% over a five-year period. And since the share of prepaid accounts in the cost is low and volatile, assuming that they have finished speaking rights during the projection period, we look at how efficiently it operates – the stock turnover rate.
In contrast to the industry, the foreign giants have a higher stock turnover than domestic firms, because downstream customers are chained pharmacies. The stock share of the country’s medicines is higher than the share of the product’s product with a franchise of fine python medicines, which leads to a higher stock turnover.
Therefore, the M & As reasonable assumption that the share of the cost of the Chinese medicine stock in the forecast period is maintained in 2018 or more is concentrated in the following table figures:
When you look at this, several of the main variables in the valuation modeling are already clear. When you assume that it's done, the modelling is a water-to-water process. All of the above is for table measurement of the financial modelling. Modelling, how do you operate?
Before we proceed with the modelling, let us sum up the basics of the case: 1) The income increase: the pharmaceutical industry has a rigid demand, the ceiling is high (China’s medical expenditure and the US Japan’s level is very different), and as the industry’s industrial structure is upgraded (from imitation to innovation) it will be good for the medicine.
2) Income drivers: In the short term, the pattern of medical circulation in Zhejiang province has stabilized, with little change in the pace of growth, while the pharmaceutical industry depends on whether the growth in the 100% capsule and the Acapose sugar has been sustained, and attention has to be paid to the need to purchase the tape against Acapo.
In the long term, it depends on increased investment in R & D and on enjoying an “innovation premium”. 4) Core mooring: The commercial side of medicine, because of its contribution, has cost control and financial capacity, which is the core mooring, and the pharmaceutical industry, which is R & D input.
In terms of R & D inputs, the cost of R & D has gradually increased in recent years, similar to that of Chinese raw pharmaceuticals. But it needs to be strengthened in terms of innovative drug inputs. 6) Risk factors: cash flow to operating capital, stock coverage, and industry chain voice are low.
As expected in the market, Acapose is more likely to enter the third round. The scale of its future income is associated with a higher price range. Once the drop is higher than expected (55%), in the pipeline, it will be possible to take over in a short period of time.
It's a process. All of this is for a table of financial modelling and a detailed valuation matrix for some of the key companies, and for the purchase of a prototype or a professional version of the report.
For example, Heiconway, Heung Swe, for example, has a modeling component, as follows:
In the next professional and technical editions of the report, we will address the following major issues in this case, along these lines. Only by thinking clearly about these issues can the company become fully understood and the logic shut down. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, they can move across the secondary market -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not taken into account,
It is clear that there will still be a great disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies. What are the differences between the data zones that have been produced, and whether there are any points for reflection? Are there any differences between the big domestic and foreign companies?
2) Are the valuation ranges derived from the combination of relative valuation methods, absolute valuation methods, logical? Where are the differences? If sensitivity analyses are conducted, how much is the impact of the wacc and acceleration on the valuation? 3) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain - the choice of different methods in the valuation modelling process in this case.
What difference does it make? How should all the financial projections be combined to form a closed link to the logic of valuation modelling? 4) After the pre-surge and collapse, many people are likely to be nervous and sleepless -- so, what is the value of this case, whether it is expensive or cheap?
Due to the public details of the report, there is a conflict with the payee who will be in charge of the merger and purchase of the report, so that the M&A team will be required to report to the user, and some of the content will no longer be provided free of charge, and gradually try to pay for the function. A reasonable price for the good product will be a way to make the world a better place – the cost that everyone will pay will be in our interest.
Adding more investment elites from top universities around the world would also facilitate the M&A team's procurement of deeper industry data from a global perspective, allowing it to continue to refine and provide you with more dryer research. If you are interested in the [valued part] of this case, and more other cases, you can scan the bottom two-dimensional code to get the case.
Details of valuation modelling, and the financial risks that may be involved. At the same time, reports that were previously unpublicable for a number of reasons, as well as significant risk point tips, will be included.
No form of decision-making supports any form of investment proposal. This paper is based on public corporate attributes, is organized according to its laws, and does not endorse changes in the future, nor does it support any changes in the future. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee its completeness, accuracy, timeliness.
There are risks and research needs to be careful. 3) With regard to the theme: Financial modelling reports are very voluminous, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and do not ensure that all the cases you need are covered. 4) With regard to the platform: all elements of the elite team are exported only to the micro-trust platform, are not responsible for any other platform content, and we reserve the right of legal recourse for counterfeiting and violating platforms.