Incidents: On 25 October, the company issued its three-quarter report for 2020, during which it achieved operating income of $16,103 million, a 6.6 per cent decline in the same period; total profits: the level of operations remained generally stable and the size of the four-quarter harvests would return. 323.5 million tons of coal (Yoy-2.5 per cent) were sold by the company in the first three quarters of 2020, combined coal prices were 404 yuan/tons, a 5.2 per cent decrease in the same period, coal sales.
The double drop in volume and prices resulted in a 7.2 per cent decrease in the business income of the coal plate (1349.65 billion yuan); the company's own production cost of coal units (115.5 yuan/tonne) was affected by the change in accounting estimates for the special reserve capitalization of inputs and depreciation of fixed assets, which increased by 6.0 per cent over the same period, but benefited from a decrease in the sale of coal from abroad and a decrease in unit purchase costs, with the operating cost of $97,279 million, which decreased by 6.4 per cent compared with 6.4 per cent: the Māori rate of the coal plate was 27.9 per cent; it was only 0.7 percentage points lower than in 19 years, maintaining basic stability, and the coal plate remained stable.
In the four quarters ahead, with economic recovery and the onset of the winter season of consumption, coal prices have been maintained at a high level, and the size of the harvest is expected to pick up. The power plate: the fall in the volume of electricity sold has delayed performance, and the impact of the epidemic is more severe.
In the first three quarters of China, 10,157 million kWh of electricity was generated and 9,503 million kWh was sold, a decline of 12.9 per cent and 13.1 per cent, respectively, on average, using the “20200428 KWh (601088)” Quarterly: short, 3284 hours, a decrease of 3.1 per cent in the same year, and a weighted average price of 334 kWh/mw, which was almost the same as last year (333 kWh/mWh).
During the same period, the decline in electricity generation led to a decrease in coal combustion consumption and the purchase of coal-fired units.
The sharp increase in the distribution of dividends, the steady diversification of values, the impact of the fall in costs, the decline in operating costs (25.00 billion yuan) by 11.2 per cent over the same period, clearly ahead of the decline in income, has led to an increase in the overall Māori rate of the power plate by 3.4 percentage points, to 29.6 per cent, and, overall, to a greater impact of the epidemic.
Transport and Coalification Industry: Port Blocks first warmed, Māori size increased by 1.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The first three quarters of the company ' s railways, ports, shipping, coal-chemicals earned 286.09, 47.92, 21.83, 3.78 billion yuan, an increase of 5.3 per cent, 7.9 per cent, and the first coal port in the country for the construction of the Beidou Cors system, which effectively increased the efficiency and safety factor, with 15.7 million loadings in the previous three quarters.
Tons, an increase of 0.3% over the same period, have led to a first positive shift in port block profitability. Four quarters of business improvement is expected to intensify, and the success of integrated business is assured. \triangleright
With the slow recovery in the supply of land-based coal, the year-round growth of imported coal will continue, and Australia’s coal import moratorium will continue, but the four-quarter powered coal will come to a halt during the season, and the price of coal is expected to remain high and narrow in a situation of mismatch between supply and demand. With the recovery of the economy, China’s four-quarter business boom will continue, with integrated operations ensuring company performance throughout the year.
Profit projection and investment rating: taking into account China ' s coal-based integrated whole-industry chain development model, high operational risk resistance, low levels of asset indebtedness, \triangleright cash flow, accompanied by the completion of the operation of the Yellow Railway and the construction of power plants such as Shinhua Victory and Pasha River, the size of the company ' s capital expenditure will decline further, with a surplus
The profitability will continue to improve and the high-scoring red-cash cow properties will continue to strengthen (133.60 billion yuan in cash on the company’s books as of the end of the third quarter). The company is expected to operate in 20-22 years. Risk factors: lower than expected macroeconomics, higher than expected coal prices, and security implications of company mining. \triangleright
Toming Zhok, a Ph.D. from the China Mining University (Beijing), a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, a member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing, and a former deputy director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Research, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, and in June 2016, the Union Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry.
Chao Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.