High performance growth was the culmination of a surge in crane operations. On October 31, 2018, the beneficiary industry experienced high performance growth, and the elasticity of crane growth is expected to continue to be released:
-23.01 per cent, with a steady growth in sales performance during the low season, with operating income at its highest level in the same period in the three quarters. The high growth in corporate performance was mainly due to high sales of cranes: 2018q1-q3 car cranes, with 24.7 million cumulative sales, +67.10 per cent of the same year.
According to grass-roots research, the q3 engineering machinery is in good condition, the start rate is stable, and the number of hours per type of equipment is generally higher than during the same period last year. State policy has been relaxed recently, and investment in q4 infrastructure has increased at a rate similar to that of the previous year.
In anticipation of a rebound, capital investment is expected to increase by +8 per cent over the year. At the same time, the engineering and machinery industry is expected to continue its climate cycle as a result of market opportunities arising from strategic advancements along the way and structural changes on the supply side, combined with artificial substitution and environmental tightening.
Completely, speed elasticity is expected to continue to be released, and the company, as the crane leader, is expected to continue its operations. 1-q3 has excellent profitability and enhanced cost control.
0.13%, corresponding to 1.65pt. The decrease in the management cost rate is mainly due to the increase in corporate sales revenue, the strength of the staff, the stability of the group-contributive enterprises, and the impact of the scale effects; the decrease in the financial cost rate is mainly due to exchange rate gains and interest expenditure
There has been a significant increase in cash payments for goods 2018-08-31 and services received, with a single-season net operating cash flow of -25 million and a decline in the ring q2(1.224 billion).
And it's safe and manageable, and now the company's history is largely cleared, and the quality of profits is expected to improve. • Expanding overseas markets to improve the global layout, conglomerate support for enterprise development, companies continue to improve the global layout, total product exports are long ahead of the industry, and capture the "abandonment."
“Strategic opportunities to open up markets in South-East Asia and Africa to generate new momentum for revenue growth. 2018h1, the company’s controlling shareholder, Xu Xu, was included in the list of companies in Jiangsu Province’s first mixed ownership reform pilot. The company is expected to further advance smart manufacturing planning and strengthen business management and incentives.
:: Mechanisms to facilitate the reorganization of high-quality assets within the group for sustained health development.
Figure 6: Increased cost control capacity
Figure 7: q1-q3 operational cash flow slightly decreased.