The three-quarterly report was in line with expectations, and the industry maintained a high growth rate in corporate performance in the middle of the evening of 30 October: the company issued its third quarterly report for 2018, the first three quarters of which saw a continuation of strong sales in the engineering and machinery industry during the first half of the year, with a stable market for corporate priority products.
A total of 22,238 car cranes were sold in January-August, a 71 per cent increase over the same period, of which Xu was 47 per cent; 690 were sold in January-August, an increase of -18 per cent over the same period, of which Xu Xu was 59 per cent. According to the company ' s semi-annual report, the company ' s share of the stock was about 50 per cent.
According to the sales data for the heavy-lift industry from 1 to 8 August 2018, the market for corporate lifting equipment is about 50.5%.
The company’s products remain a national and even a global leader in a number of areas. Strict marketing policies, bad debts, and the company’s profit quality are gradually rising.
The sales policy is clearly more stringent than the industry average, and the aggressive marketing strategy of “low down payments, zero down payments” has been strongly discouraged. Corporate repayment levels have improved significantly since this year, and history has been bad.
“Mixing” is on the agenda, and is expected to further improve the efficiency of the company’s operations in the future.
Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425) "The Middle East Report's beautiful performance, the company Xu Engineering Group was included in the first mixed ownership reform list in Jiangsu Province in the second half of the year, and the country kept the industry at the top."
Business Reform “two hundred lists”, which is expected to bring together the group’s high-quality assets into the public domain -- 2018/08/30 Divisions, such as the Department of Excavators, which has developed rapidly in the last two years.
Xu Xu Engineering Machinery (000425) "Modging speed, there will be further improvements in the efficiency of the company's operations, with a view to further improving the competitiveness of the company's market"
According to the latest national customs figures, Xu's branded products were exported first in the first half of the year, the company received US$ 1 billion in overseas sales, a relatively small share, and trade frictions had very limited impact on companies.
A “one-way” strategy that actively exploits the markets of developing countries in South-East Asia and Africa, wins a solid market share locally based on the quality of the over-hard products. Investment proposals: Based on judgements about long-term trends in the engineering and machinery industry, let’s see
The horizontal development of good companies has gradually increased the class of niches to include first-line engineering and machinery companies around the world.
Three-quarterly reports meet expectations, with industry research in high-profile industries that sustain high-growth corporate performance and specialize in industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation-related issues. The financial sector has been active for more than six years, with representatives including Robot Trends, and so on.
In June 2017, Pacific securities were brought together to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals. He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.