Three-quarterly reports predicting performance as expected, and looking forward to further improvements in corporate profitability in the future Events: The company recently issued a three-quarters performance forecast for 2018, in which sales in the engineering and machinery industry continued to be strong for the first half of the year, with companies having a stable market for priority products
In the first three quarters of the year, the domestic engineering and machinery market maintained strong growth, with a total of 22,238 car cranes sold in January-August 2018, an increase of 71 per cent over the same period, with Xu ' s share being 47 per cent; 690 cranes were sold in January-August, an increase of -18 per cent over Xu ' s share.
Xu's share is 59%. According to the company's semi-annual report, the market for corporate crane equipment is about 50%, and the market for corporate crane equipment is about 50.5%, according to the sales data for the heavy machinery industry from 1 to 8 August 2018.
The company’s products remain a national and even a global leader in a number of areas. Gross stock/flow (million shares) has a tight marketing policy, bad debts are settled, and the company’s profit quality is rising.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) Use sales policy to be significantly more stringent than the average for the same industry and to firmly eliminate “low down payment, zero 12 months maximum/minimum”
A radical marketing strategy, such as the down payment. Corporate repayment levels have improved significantly since this year, history has been poor, accounts have been largely cleared, and we judge that the company's Māori rate will be higher in the second half of the year than in the first half, and the profit-making quality of Xu's Mechanics (000425).
In the second half of the year, the company’s parent, Xu Xu, was included in the first mixed ownership reform list in Jiangsu province and the country’s Xu Engineering Machinery (000425), which is expected to increase the efficiency of the company’s operations.
Business Reform's Bien List, which is expected to bring the group's high-quality assets to the public market in the hope of further improving the competitiveness of the company's markets, like the Divist Department, which has been growing rapidly in the last two years.
Xu's report (000425) has limited impact on the company's overseas operations.
In the first half of the year, the export of Xu's branded product was ranked first in the industry and the company's overseas sales received - 2018/07/14
Millions of dollars, a relatively small share, and trade frictions have only limited impact on companies. By seizing a national “one-way” strategy, companies actively exploit markets in developing countries in South-East Asia and Africa, gaining a solid market share locally through hard product quality.
Investment Recommendations: Based on a judgement of the upward trend in the engineering and machinery industry over the long term, we see that horizontal growth of companies gradually increases the class of niches and joins the world’s front-line engineering and machinery companies. My three-quarters report predicts performance as expected, and looks forward to further improvements in the quality of the company’s profits in the future.
Three-quarterly reports forecast performance as expected, looking forward to further improvements in corporate profitability in the future. Three-quarterly reports forecast performance as expected, looking forward to further improvements in corporate profitability in the future.
Before entering the financial sector, there were eight years of business experience, in areas such as engineering machinery and automobiles, in production techniques, markets, and strategies. The Pacific Securities Union, in June 2017, was well placed to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals.
The Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, which was established in July 2017, was well placed to seize investment opportunities from the bottom up by joining Pacific securities in July 2017. The Centre, which joined Pacific securities in September 2017, was well placed to seize investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The three-quarterly report predicts that the company will further improve the quality of its profits in the future.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.