tcl Group (000100) Household appliances
Summary of performance: The company achieved business income of $11.336 billion throughout the year 2018, a slight increase of 1.6 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders is now $3.47 billion, an increase of 30.2 per cent over the same period; the strategic restructuring is well under way and the transformation is beginning to bear fruit. The company has released significant capital since 8 December 2018.
Production restructuring bulletins, smart terminals and their associated accompanying operations are moving well away from listed corporate entities, and are now fully aligned with the principles of “smartness, management, efficient operation” with streamlined functional structure and model adjustments at headquarters. During the reporting period, companies separated 39 non-core enterprises, although short-term receipts were captured.
However, the performance efficiency and effectiveness indicators have improved significantly, and the transformation is beginning to bear fruit, with net interest rates for the group being raised from 2016 to $386,000; the availability of data after the assets for the reorganization have been removed has been further improved, asset liabilities have recovered in 19 panels, and the long-term development of PV power has been sufficient.
Under pressure, there has been a certain decline in both the Chinese light and the net profits, but it still maintains the industry’s leading efficiency and profitability. At present, there are six panel lines, t1, t2 and t3 lines, which have been fully sold; the 6th-generation flexible aoled line t4 has been primed, productive and productive.
The 11th generation super-sized lcd line t6 was launched ahead of schedule in November 2018, and construction began on the 11th-generation line t7 of the panel with 8k and oled sizes. The first half of 2019 was affected by the withdrawal of the lcd plant from its capacity and the demand pull of the large-sized lcd, and the price of the panel was refrigerated.
In the long run, looking at the market potential of large-scale television products for exchange of machine demand, commercial displays, foldable soft products, etc., is driving the company’s long-term growth. Billions and 4 billion (Star PV + industrial financial returns) refer to the valuation level of the same industry panel.
1. tcl Group (000100): Repurchase of shares demonstrates confidence and focuses on the new sails (2019-01-11) 3.tcl Group (000100): the panel industry underestimates the headlines of the industry.
tcl Group (000100): overall performance increased significantly, assuming 1: lcd panel prices continued to warm in 2019, and Chinese PV output was released gradually, with lines t1, t2, t3
Keeping full product sales high, the increase in profitability driven by panel warming, Māori retention in 2019-2021 at the assumption that 2: tcl fully benefits from vertical industrial chain integration, Icd television sales at around 25% Growth, offshore market openings: household Internet serviceable terminals and active users at an average of 30% compound acceleration per year, tcl
The e-Maurice ratio has remained at 16 per cent over the next three years: assuming that the branding and product strength of the tcl household power group continues to increase, the increase in sales such as frequency air conditioners, wind cold refrigerators, clean washing machines, roller washing machines, etc., has led to an improvement in the average price of products, while the Māori rate of the household power group has remained at around 16 per cent over the last three years;
Assumption 4: Mobile communications operations gradually emerge with synergies with the Chinese PV industry, full screens and 5g input-led Novo will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the China Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.