Short-term profit under pressure, long-term viewing of the ai server pcb elastic release Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) after April 25, the company released the first quarter 2023 report. 23q1 realized operating income
Compared to the trend of 300 deep corporate prices, the company’s q1 share of revenue is in line with expectations, and the net return profit is slightly lower than expected, and we believe that the main reason for this is the one-in-one factor: there is some pressure in the first quarter of this year due to the higher overall base of q1 last year.
A low penetration rate for related products such as ai servers, and an early high-growth low base for overall performance In automobiles: downward pressure on automobiles leads to upstream supply chains, some parts of spare parts are subject to price pressure, or a lower level of company car pcb Māori.
By 23q1 there was an increase of approximately $36.19 million in exchange loss due to exchange rate fluctuations, a decrease in the turnover of transactional financial assets in relation to the same year and an increase of $47.19 million in investment losses to associated companies in relation to the same year, and a slight increase in the net profit from the same year after excluding the effects of both.
..aigc detonation numeracy needs, the company being the core beneficiary of pcb, with successive releases of chhatgpt, gpt 4.0 etc., ai-related training and access data explosion increased, with servers accounting for 14% of the annual collection and exchanges 43% of the total, resulting in 57% of the total.
The company became the highest-shared server at pcb, while the company’s shareholders were more competitive than other insiders in their pursuit of high-value overseas clients. 1 server: Trendforce predicts a 15.4 per cent increase in the delivery of the ai server in 23 years.
(002463.sz): annual reports increased from about 12 floors of the whitley platform to more than 20 floors of the i-training stage server;
The ccl type has been raised from m4 to m7; the asp has grown three times as much as the normal server, amounting to more than $10,000.
Two switchboards: Cisco's performance was strong and raised expectations throughout the year, with a more optimistic view of the global market. The high-speed switch penetration rate of 400g/800g will continue to rise, benefiting from increased demand for the egs platform and the i-server.
According to our estimates, the global penetration rate of the 400g switch is currently less than 50%, and the 800g is almost zero. Server demand is not as high as expected, industry competition is increasing.
Focus on pcb, where business income continues to grow, is the leading global print circuit board company, which, after many years of development and long-term accumulation, has developed a comparative competitive advantage in terms of technology, quality, cost, branding, size, etc., and has led the industry. 2019-2022,
The company has been focusing on the established business strategy of “Focus pcb master, excellence” and has become one of the important brands in the pcb sector. In 2022, the pcb business generated about $8.336 billion.
2 High-end telecommunications boards, two-wheel-drive vehicle panel pcb products in the application areas of communications equipment, data centre infrastructure, core application domain of motor electronics, supported by industrial equipment, semiconductor chip testing, etc.
The remarkable success of the opengpt in the field of application in figure 4pcb as opposed to the openai appears to have opened the door to a new era in the development of commercial artificial intelligence applications.
The scene is falling and data in the areas of image, voice, machine vision and games will grow in an explosive fashion, and research information on the subject indicates that global data creation is expected to increase to over 180 zb by 2025, with a robust growth in data creation and a projected increase in the installation base of data storage capacity.
Overall demand for data centre-type infrastructure equipment applications was robust in 2022, and structural needs in emerging market areas such as high-speed network equipment, data storage, high-performance computers, high-speed computing servers, artificial intelligence (ai) were met by weak demand for pcb products associated with 5g base stations and increasing price competition.
With the gradual adjustment of domestic controls and the gradual easing and recovery of constraints such as global chips and supply shortages of specific components, the backlog of end demand orders has been implemented and the stock of corporate products has been absorbed. In 2022, the corporate communications market generated about $5.495 billion in operating income, a year-on-year increase.
About 13.95 per cent; the corporate communications market reached $1,886 million in 2022, or 75 per cent of the pcb application; while the global automobile market is affected by such adverse factors as persistent supply chain constraints and weakening consumer demand, despite the innovation of the new car market, the overall global market for major automobiles has fallen the same way.
In the first half of 2022, the company’s carboard business was affected by high prices of raw materials, pressure on production, the resumption of the supply chain from operating revenues and subsequent improvements in market demand, and the full release of the additional capacity of the Yellowstone bus board.
The rapid growth of the market for new products, such as millimetre wave radars, the introduction of hdi autopilot aids and smart space controllers, ceramics, thick copper, based on continuous adjustments to optimize product and output structures, and the rapid resumption of growth in the company ' s automobile board operations in the second half of 2022, with an increase of about 12.61 per cent in business income over the same period
Operating income was about $1,897 million, an increase of about 12.80 per cent over the same year; the car board rate was about 24.05 per cent, a decrease of the same year;
In October and November 2022, Thailand and Singapore, respectively. As a result of business development and the need to increase the layout of the overseas production bases, the decision was to invest some $280 million in new production bases in Thailand.
The company will accelerate the construction of the Thai production base and plan for its scale from the first half of 2025 to the fourth quarter of 2024. The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, S.H.I., with its own funds, will set up a fully-owned subsidiary in Singapore to register capital.
1 million dollars. Singapore was created because of the business expansion and investment needs of companies to better meet the needs of customers and to better serve their clients. As of 22 years, Singapore has not yet been formally operational.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, received directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in the present report.