Quarterly evaluation in 2023: performance against expectations, i+ car e-future
Keywords: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients Events: Companies published a single quarterly report in 2023, yielding $1.87 billion, yoy-2.6 per cent; Mothers' net profit, $200 million, yoy-19.7 per cent; Non-Mother's net profit, $180 million, yoy-22.4 per cent gross.
▪ The 2023 pcb industry faces multiple challenges of weak demand, high stock adjustment, oversupply, and fierce competition, which significantly discourages new demand in the pcb sector in the first half of 2023. In the larger context of the overall decline in the industry, 23q1 companies continue to upgrade and technology with the optimal structure of quality products.
Innovations maintain a basic balance between revenue and Māori rates. Companies’ Māori rates, R&D inputs, and time-cost rates are industry leaders.
The fever of openai has led the public to realize that technological advances in artificial intelligence are entering the “unique” moment, when the i model requires more computing to manage the amount of data, to drive data centres towards higher speed standards, and to generate a significant increase in demand for high-level hdi and high-frequency high-speed pcb.
More than 400 g a year, the future market space for the integrated calculator switch is expected to reach over $4 billion in 2026. 2) General server platform upgrades: egs platform route upgrades drive an increase in pcle 5.0 penetration, measuring more than $10 billion for common server pcb space. 3)
Increased elasticity of the ai server: gpt pulls up the computing power, drives up the market for high-calculation chips, prices rises up, and a combination of the ai server pcb industry space is expected to reach over $6 billion.
The lead client, the one server, successfully cut into the lead company, driving up the price of the core traffic volume.  Automobile board business: auto electrification, intelligence, web connection is a definitive upgrading direction, adas system capacity continues to rise, optical sensors are autopilot needs, catalytic circuit board usage and
The value of the arithmetic wave has increased significantly.
Reconfigured product and capacity structure, 48v is going to produce by the end of the 23rd year, booster power, and the second growth curve is growing fast.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s net return profit for 2023-2025, respectively
Growth, 5 g and motor panel injections continue to deteriorate.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board