1q23 Performance Under pressure, the ai+ motor board led long-term growth Events: 1-quarter report of 2023 issued by the Quantium Power Share, 1q23 achieved revenues of 1,868 million yuan, a reduction of 2.57 per cent; net profit of 200 million yuan was realized, a decrease of 19.74 per cent; net profit of deductions from the non-repatriation of mothers was achieved
\triangleright is mostly caused by high-moric dictation plate pressure. Business board short-term pressure, ai+enhancement support needs increase. Data centres such as servers, switchboards, etc.
The \triangleright business is closely related to the economic environment, and the current capital expenditure of both domestic and foreign cloud producers is conservative and the business board is facing short-term fluctuations in demand. After three consecutive quarters of 3q22 to 1q23, the current industry inventory has been devalued
In the long run, the application and development of new-generation information technologies, such as cloud computing, big data, ultra-high view frequency, physical networking, and artificial intelligence, will lead to a global digital transformation, with the share of electricity (002463.sz) reported for the year 2022:
Arithmetic pcb, which will take the wave of the ai to 2023/03/ to build the infrastructure of the data centre, will continue to develop. As data processing and transmission requirements increase, the switch will shift to 400 gbps and 800 gbps, and the server will rise to 5.0 pcie.
2. Quantities (002463.sz) were upgraded in 2022, and the relevant area pcb board is expected to achieve a full price increase.
Higher requirements are required in terms of numbers, dimensions, performance, etc., and companies are deep-placing with a high market share in the relevant areas 2023/02/06, high customer resource quality, product coverage of the server's parent board and accelerated cardboard, applied to the 800g switch.
3. Anecdotal evaluation of the event: control of the shares, a technology investment-assisted car market layout - 2022/12/Add. Driven by the power of motor motors, long-term demand for motor panels: electrification, intelligence and networking, etc.
The growth in the use of the pcb board, driven by a number of destabilizing trends, has also led to an upgrade in the direction of multi-storey, high-level hdi, high-frequency high-speeds. The company will provide about RMB 776 million in power upgrades to the Valium.
Hdi expands production capacity. The company will complete the mid-2022 evaluation of the power shares (00246.sz) by winning the P2pack technology by holding the stock company Weibo, and will be able to do so as soon as possible: two-track cars, with technological advantages leading to development - 2022/08/
Sample testing and client certification applied to the 48v light-mixing system, with 4q23 expected to yield in real terms; companies were also integrating business synergies with the winning strategy to improve their performance. Investment advice: company performance under short-term pressure affected by downstream demand fluctuations, but data centres, car collars, etc.
The long-term development of the upgrading of the field pcb board remains unchanged, with a net return profit expected to be achieved in 23/24/25 years The Division maintains a “recommended” rating for long-term growth in the context of the ai wave and car electricization and intelligence. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.