E.C.E.C. (002463) Breaks the cycle and looks forward to aigc-led growth, southwest securities research and development centre.
• Summary of performance: In the first quarter of 2023, the company achieved income of $1.87 billion, a 2.6 per cent decline in the same year, and a net profit of $200 million for the mother, a 19.7 per cent decrease in the same year; a small adjustment in performance and a stable cost-side performance.
At the profit end, the company achieved a net return profit of 200 million yuan, compared to the high-level multi-layer core player, and will benefit from the future upgrade of the ai server and the switchboard. The company's deep-deep multi-storey pcb board area, the process chain has accumulated deep experience, the technology is a global leader, and the company is in a leading position.
It's a core pcb supplier for the Nwdiaai acceleration card overseas, and the client's resources are deeply tied to the White Cardodm factory, the main service provider in Taiwan. And, driven by the demand of the one, the increase in the volume of data will drive the switch to 800 g, and the pcb product will rise in volume. We believe that future global aigc industry development will be public.
The autoboard forward-looking layout, which will benefit from the growth of the automobile electronics industry in the future. As traditional fuel cars move to electric, intelligent, car pcb demands rapid release of high temperature, high pressure, high density, etc.
In the future, the company will benefit fully from the increase in the demand for motor motorization and intelligent release. 1 Company profile: the pcb industry core player, which is widely applied downstream.
Founded in 1992 in the city of Kunshan, Jiangsu Province, and based on the development design and production of electrical boards, and based on the concept of “growth, youth, co-benefits”, the company has focused on the implementation of the established strategy for the steady growth of the “mutual pcb masters, excellence” and, with the efforts of the entire workforce, has been expanding and developing over the years.
Branding, now one of the major brands in the printing of circuit boards, has a reputation within the industry. Corporate-led products are widely used in communications equipment, automobiles, industrial equipment, data centres, network, microwave radio frequency, semiconductor chip testing.
The company’s 19.52% share is in the British Virgin Islands’ investment company; its second largest shareholder is the was group, holding 12.80% of the company’s shares, and its third largest shareholder is Happyunion.
Corporate operations include: enterprise communications market boards, motor panels, office and industrial equipment boards, other operations, consumer electronic panels, total revenue from company operations in 2022 at $8.34 billion, an increase of 12.4 per cent compared to the revenue structure; and, more specifically, business communications market boards at $5.50 billion, an increase of 14.0 per cent, representing 65.9 per cent of the company ' s operating income.
(b) In the main business, the corporate communications market was 34.3 per cent, with an increase of 5 pp and an increase of 1.89 billion yuan, compared with 6.3 per cent and an increase of 18.1 per cent; and the office and industrial equipment board was 32.6 per cent, compared with an increase of 32.0 per cent.
2.1 pp, Māori increased by 4.6 per cent and Māori by 6.6 per cent over the same period; for other operations, the Māori rate was 1.0 per cent, for companies amounted to $1.87 billion, a decrease of 2.6 per cent over the same period, for mothers ' net profit of $200 million, a decline of 19.7 per cent over the same period, which was a decline of 19.7 per cent, for downstream demand, and for corporate operating cash flows of $630 million in the first quarter of 2023, an increase of 136.3 per cent over the same period.
The corresponding dynamic pe is 25 times, 21 times, and 17 times, respectively. When considering the scope of our business, we have selected three similar companies in the pcb area for valuation, namely, deep south circuits, Hensen technology, and profit electronics.
From a pe perspective, the industry averaged 27 times the value in 2023. The company's entry into the core pcb supplier of the nidiaai acceleration card will benefit from a future performance growth driven by the release of the ai server. We believe that the company should enjoy a certain valuation premium, have no cause, have no cause, and will not receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.