Yunnan White (000538), pharmaceutical biology, four major operations to secure a high score, to boost the new business layout, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company published its annual 2023 report, which achieved a gross operating income of $39.11 billion in 2023, which increased its performance by the same year, while core products continued to be released. In 2023, the company ' s industrial revenues were $13.74 billion, which increased by the same year, mainly as a result of an increase in the ageing of the population, the recovery of demand for sports and retail pharmacies, especially the chain of otc operations.
With regard to the core varieties of white medicine, Yunnan has contributed more than $1.7 billion (+15.27 per cent) in operating income, Yunnan has earned more than $900 million in sales of white powder, Yunnan has generated over $600 million in sales of herb capsules, Yunnan has generated over $300 million in sales of white drugs (distribute) and Yunnan white drugs, and other brands.
Platland anti-inflammation monolithics, gynaecology gynaecology meds, plant rehydration products 16/124/47 per cent/15 per cent, respectively, of which gas and glyphsal fluids are paid to focus oral health and cleaning products and are constantly contributing to high-quality business development, including oral care panels.
South White Toothpaste achieved a market share of 24.60 per cent and continued to have the highest share in the industry, with a 36 per cent increase in operating income from the same year on the clean-up board, while the Chinese Drug Resource Group achieved an external operating income of $1.71 billion (+22.2 per cent), mainly driven by the needs of its customers and upgraded Chinese Drug Resources.
Industrial platforms; 4) Improved efficiency in the operation of the pharmaceutical industry in the province, strengthening of silo synergies and the realization of the main business income of 24.490 billion yuan (+5.63 per cent). Business income of 25.295 billion yuan, an increase of 6.98 per cent over the same period, is based on the company ' s ongoing expansion of new business models through mergers and joint ventures.
• Strengthening innovation capabilities and achieving phased results in nuclear drugs. The company has been introducing high-level and multidisciplinary talent, hiring Mr. Zhao Young-min as its Chief Business Officer, Senior Vice-President, and recruiting well-known national and international scientists through a collaborative research and development platform of the Beijing University-Yun International Center for Research on Pharmacy and Pharmacy.
In early January 2024, Tianjin Ltd. obtained the endorsement of the environmental impact report form of the Nuclear Drug Research and Development Centre Tianjin project (new use, sale of radioactive drugs) and officially initiated construction work that will effectively support the company's development of innovative nuclear pipelines in the future. Inr101 for prostate cancer diagnosis.
1. Yunnan Pharmacy (000538), which focuses on industry, strengthening (+0.19 pp), and the company ' s industrial Māori rate of 64.24 per cent (+0.8 pp), mainly in company implementation
The company focuses on nurturing new business blocks such as the Ministry of Health Care, the Ministry of Beauty, the Ministry of Agriculture, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Agriculture, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, and the Ministry of Telecommunications, in an effort to generate new revenue for the company.
In August 2023, the company ' s smart technology business unit (bu) was launched to further upgrade the company ' s digitalization and intelligence; and in November 2023, the Lijiang Digital Pharmacy Industry Platform, which was built by the Government of the People ' s Republic of China, was launched to facilitate the completion of the branded Pharmacy Project.
A new phase; active use of artificial intelligence to create an experience of employee intelligence services, the company's first digital employee, the White Snack, was online in October 2023, based on an artificial intelligence model, increasing staff efficiency, and in February 2024, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with China Cloud Calculating Technology Ltd.
Promoting research and development and innovative applications of Chinese medicine and artificial intelligence technologies. The company’s digital enabling industry is growing, and future competitiveness is expected to increase further.
Assumption 2: The pharmaceutical industry: The company Yunnan White's retailing of drugs has come to an end with a strong competitive chain of outlets, while at the same time increasing research and development of innovative and potential products to provide a completely new growth point for future development. We expect that each of 2024-2026: Health Products Industry: a multi-dimensional increase in brand exposure, given the “two-pronged” approach on the company's line.
Assumption 4: Medium and Medical Resources: The company has maintained a sustained leadership in its thirty-seven areas and is in the process of building a new pattern of thirty-seven end-products, assuming an annual growth of 23% in sales in 2024-2026. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.