Profitability is expected to recover, and the heated management pole barriers are deep, and the heated management pole barriers are deep.
\triangleright Upstream copper aluminium has seen a higher price increase since this year, the company's refrigeration operations pass downstream through the raw material price transfer mechanism; the steam zero business is under pressure this year. Looking forward, as the gas zero raw material prices go downstream plus the copper aluminium prices.
The company is expected to recover its profitability by slowing or levelling its price margins. The company’s deep-farming heat management has been at the top of the world’s market for many years, with sub-products such as electro-inflated valves, new energy car heat management integrated components, megga pumps, etc., forming systems up to the highest/minimum (in dollars) in almost 12 months.
Performance, customer and technical barriers are expected to maintain the industry as a leader.
The new power of automobiles and car-making, the rapid growth in sales by large North American and other customers, and the rise in corporate revenue on a quarterly basis. The company’s rapid growth in integrated module output, which we estimate at about 20 per cent of the 21q1-3 integrated module harvest, drives the value of 10,000 new energy vehicles and, from this, the company is expected to maintain a large double-digit growth rate.
Refrigeration operations: Electronic expansion valve penetration continues to rise at a rate of 10.64% \triangleright. Electronic expansion valve penetration will increase and companies will benefit fully from electronic expansion valves.
Given the rapid growth in the demand for new downstream energy vehicles, the price of raw materials has risen too fast, and price transfer and inventory digestion are 49, 32, 23 times higher. Given the company’s heat management pole, it is expected that the zero-breeding business will maintain a large double-digit base.
With growth, raw material prices are expected to be flat and price transmission is expected to improve gradually, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Research Assistant: Lee Kyung-po’s global demand for new energy vehicles is not as high as expected; capacity expansion is not as fast as expected; upstream raw material prices are higher than expected;
Quarterly review: 2103 performance up and double ownership steady.
2. 3x3 smart control (002050): unsuspecting upstream price increases, heat tubes, two-wing silos, summary of company financial statement data projections
Deng Young-kang, University of Xian Transport, and Nanjing University, have 12 years of industrial work experience in the energy and new energy sectors. Joined the securities industry in 2015, where he was employed in the Sino-Sin securities and Anshin securities, and in October 2021, where he joined the Sino-Sin securities industry.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.