Household appliances, white household appliances, 3x4 - performance against expectations, heat management taps on a continuous basis Events: Companies publish the 2021 tri-quarters and generate operating revenue of $11.72 billion in the first three quarters of 2021
1. The rise in raw materials, lack of cores, etc., do not change the company ' s performance on a continuous basis: in the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved operating income of $11.72 billion, or +36.39 per cent of the year, of which 21q3 achieved operating exchange losses, and some of the products in the zero module component resulted in Māori.
The decline in total equity/flow (million shares) was higher, mainly as a result of increased interest income.
2. High-speed growth in auto heat management, with a significant increase in component supply bicycles: in the first half of the year, company heat management took a swing - 2021/04/23. Automobile spare parts operations achieved income of 2.11 billion, a significant increase of 122 per cent over the year, as a result of the start-up.
Samurai WikiLeaks (002050) " Pacific Motors Team " component supply, with some spare parts extraction, 24.85% Māori, downside, Triwia WikiLeaks - 2020 income meets expectations, looking at new talent.
4.06pt. However, with the high energy penetration, the company focused on in-depth studies of new energy car air conditioning and heat management systems, cutting in parts and gradually passing to components and subsystems.
Toyota, General, Gilly, Biadi, Upper Steam, Uri, Tesla, etc.
The flagship - 2021/02/10 Division will continue to benefit in the coming years from the highly focused development and deep cultivation of thermal management systems, particularly the global leadership of electronic expansion valves.
3 Automobiles with two-wheel drive, microchannels, and Yavico operations are expected to be very thin: with the exception of the rapid growth of new energy vehicles, companies have been growing steadily in home power operations. In the first half of the year, the power refrigeration business generated $5.56 billion, or +27 per cent, and the Māori rate was 27.82 per cent, or 27.82 per cent.
+0.26pc, which not only increases revenue, but also effectively transmits the rise in raw materials, maintains the stability of the Maori rate. In refrigeration operations, microchannel operations such as large central air conditioners, cold cabinets, cold-chain transportation, as a strategic point of activity for companies, are expected to have thin hair in the future, with national production replacing it.
The market for the megga pump products in the Section’s operations is the largest in the world, with the Avico industry having experienced faster growth in the first half of the year, and the profit margin having been won monthly. With the widespread use of high-end home power, the business is also expected to become a potential growth point in the future.
Investment proposals: The company is committed to the field of new energy car heat management and will have great potential for future growth.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.