Shengyitech (600183ch) buy (maintain) targetprice
Wehavenoticedeveralnewsoutletsreportingthatshengyitech'slatestultra - (previoustp low)losclproduct (synamic9gn) hasbeencerfieldbynvidiaandis
I'm sorry, up/downside expedtobedhenextetsingphasesoon.entingindia'ssupplychain curantprice
Notlyisavalidationofthecompany'sr &dcapabilies, butalssuggests the companynyiscliquelytocontinuedmarginexsionasshitagh-endproducts chinatechnology
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(synamic9gn)hasindeedbeencerfiedbynvidia.thisamajor breakthroughforthecompanyashigh-endproductsimplyhighermargins, stockdata
It's not a good idea, but it's a good idea, because it's a good idea, because it's a good idea, because it's a good idea, because it's a good idea, because it's a good idea, because it's a good idea, because it's a good idea, because it's a good idea, because it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea.
I don't know what you're talking about, certificationsmaysoimply the company's projectcanmeet the reformations more thantheotherchipdesigners, suchasamdandintel.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if you're the only one who's going to do it, but I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Newgenerationofcclproductcouldboardthecompany'stopandbotottom linesinthecomingyears.maintainbuywithanunchangedpat source:factset
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlydirectordirected, relaidtothspefifectviewsextatanallypressed by report. besides, theanalystconfirstrhatneothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedthecodeofconduced by thehonkongsecurities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
It's not like I've been working on it, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycmbigm outperform mark-perform
"underperform cm internationalglobalmalketslimited cm internationalglobalmalmätslimited" ("cmbigm") iawholnyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, nyinvesssale uncenterandantegueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceonthe performanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderingassessoleverablemarketactors. andbigmcommendsthataverssssouldentlyvalulatepartualintureinvestments.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection, point-of-viewanalytical methodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something like this, but we're going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about, either.
Thealysisnotsubject toapplicableresductionsunderfundinrules intendedtoensureattheanalystisnottaffectoredbypotentiacontracts alsointerestthartatcourdbackofothereliabilityofotheresearchreports.thisreportis intedfordedforstoributtionsstately"majorusstitutionalinvestors", asdefininedinrule15a-6undertheus.securitiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this, but I'm going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, singarecipients should contact & bisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconventionwithotherport.