Events: Proactive technology announcements, more than 5 per cent of the company's shareholders' national investment plan, over six months, increased in the manner allowed by the Shanghai Stock Exchange (including but not limited to centralized competitive trading, bulk trading, etc.)
The company’s business performance has improved marginally, the profitability circle has recovered, and major shareholders have increased their confidence in subsequent growth. The company’s fundamentals have improved markedly in the light of the company’s recent disclosure of performance, with 2023q3 companies.
In the face of a complex external macro-environment, the company responds positively to the full range of dimensions. \triangleright Choi
Critically, Prismark reports a 13.1% decline in the pcb production ring in the first quarter of 2023, with competition for prices still stronger. Companies gradually release the group’s additional production capacity, reducing it through scale effects, pushing out a variety of small quantities of products and competing for different markets.
In the areas of servers, appliances, etc., full advantage is taken of quality stability and timeliness of delivery. At the same time, I.E.T. (600183.sh) Tri-quarter 2022 reports.
Q: q3 company performance is under pressure to wait for marginal improvement - 2022/ Continue to obtain important certifications. 2. Energy-for-technology (600183) company in-depth research: new cars
The company is expected to take the lead as a leader in the industry. Pcb is an important support ring for the technology industry.
This item is also expected to benefit from a gradual recovery in the demand for pcb. With the rapid advances in technology, the transmission rate of the server is expected to increase further, while the new, quadrupled evolution of the car is expected to increase the power of the car.
Sub-products are also more demanding, adding further improvements to the communications side related infrastructure, or the need for pcb products, or are expected to be repaired, to bring growth to related products such as the company ' s copper coatings. Investment proposals: taking into account such factors as demand pressures at the current stage of the copper overboard industry, and public sector
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and whose findings have not been received, directly or indirectly, by reason of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.