Core assets of undervalued national-produced printers 01/08/2025 Printer operations: hands on core hard technology, global head vendor internationalization prospects. 1) Internationalization
\triangleright Highlights: hard-tech Bending became the world’s leading manufacturer, with distribution networks spread across more than 110 countries and regions. According to idc, the city is ranked number one in the global printer market of 2024q4.
Fifth, the market share reached 2.9%, while 2024q3 was 2.6%, and 2025q1 was 3.1%. As of 2024, the map had more than 2,000 R & D teams and over 6,200 patents.
On the consumer market, the map introduces smart network sharing, test retreading, i.e. a voice printing, etc.
Release of the Quantumai Smart Document Production System. 3) Printer chips are in the core area of perimeter safety and reliable evaluation, and the country’s production of printers has continued to strengthen. The Secure and Reliable Measurement Work Guide (v3.0) expands the evaluation category, and the master control chip mounted by lasers or inkjet printers becomes one of the five major categories of the existing evaluation.
The printer’s core technology, at all levels of source code and complete software, has a printer engine with autonomous intellectual property rights. In 2024, Kwok’s map broke out in key sectors such as finance, with a 50% increase in the volume of mail-breaking markets.
Chip business: A lot of flowers in auto electronics, industry, etc., to build core competitiveness. 1) Deep-farming half of the \triangleright industry for over 20 years, with the introduction of important investors, accelerates development.
In 2020, important investors such as the National Large Fund were introduced, valued at $19 billion, and further accelerated by the introduction of key investors. (2) In the area of automobile electronics, multiple chips have been set up in mainstream domestic and foreign cars, and they have begun to move into bulk traffic.
gurc01, used mainly for car distance measurement support systems, breaks the patent monopoly and performs excellent performance on objects at measuring distance. g32a1445 has completed module development and testing with 50+tier1 manufacturers and has achieved mass production of scale. 3) Other areas, such as industry, the g32r5 series of real-time control dsp cores
The film is a global premiere based on the dual-nuclear structure of the armocortex-m52 processor and the helium edge-ai technique for high-performance real-time control and marginal-ai integration applications, which are imported into multiple industry head-to-head customers, while companies are also conducting chip layouts for human robotic applications, some of which have already been delivered in bulk.
Investment proposals: The company is the leader of the global printer market, and the firm has continued to grow competitively and securely. At the same time, the polar ocean has expanded and opened new opportunities for growth as a leading domestic semiconductor, automobile, industrial, etc.
17x, first covered, “recommended” rating. 1 Printer business: hands on core hard technology, global headmaker International 1.1 significant results: hard-tech Bending becomes global head vendor.
Global printer head producers, with distribution networks in more than 110 countries and regions around the world. Bentley is a company with core printer technology and autonomous intellectual property rights that combines R & D, design, production, sale of printers, consumables and print-out solutions to fully construct "Key Parts - Printers - Print Management Uniforms"
An integrated whole-sector chain layout covering products ranging from a4 to a3, black to white, single to multifunctional, hardware to solution-wide product line coverage, with distribution networks spread across more than 110 countries and regions around the world. Figure 1: Maps for more than 110 countries around the world, for R & D, manufacturing, sales, etc.
The market share was 2.6 per cent, with a further increase in the map share in the global printer output ranking of 2025q1 and a market share of 3.1 per cent.
There are high technical thresholds and patent barriers in the printer industry, with only about 10 brands of laser printers with complete global capabilities. Hundreds of thousands of global patents in the printer industry cover a wide range of technologies such as precision machinery, precision engineering, precision optical, electrostatic imaging, and supply chain closures.
Technology, with only about 10 branded laser printer manufacturers with complete capabilities.
Group technology to meet long-lived, high-reliability requirements, etc.
Modules on science, color management, information security, etc., deal with bottom-level technical principles, real-time and safety • they need to circumvent patents, do optical simulations, and their free curry mirroring process requires nanoscale models. Bending is growing in its own hard-tech capacity and has developed autonomously for more than a decade to achieve a complete breakdown of the printing industry in the country.
On December 16, 2024, the number 18 million printers worldwide were wired down to the world’s head camp, behind which there was a steady build-up of technology and manufacturing capacity:
First, on the technical side, more than 6,200 patents have been obtained, and the technological advantages of their own are highlighted. The Beneves have developed autonomously a series of master chips (covering a4-a3, black-white-to-colour) that need to be integrated into a proprietary algorithm and control sequence, involving precise motion, optical and imaging controls; as of 2024, the Map has broken through the laser scanning unit (lsu)
Technology, establishing six major R & D centers, with over 2,000 research and development teams and over 6,200 patents. In graphic technology, carbon powders require micro-mimetic position control, 4% precision, and working with higher education institutes like Wuhan University to achieve a4-colour printer and a3-colour copier breakthroughs.
Obtaining a world record certificate to fully validate its strength: According to the official authority of the World Records Certification Agency (Wrca), bp5200/bm5200 of a series of black-and-white light printers, developed and developed by the Pearl Sea Bend Electronics Ltd., can print more than 400,000 pages on a continuous basis in print life tests, with a card rate of less than 0.02 per cent.
As a result of official World Records certification (wrca), it has been recognized as “a world-class load-resistant printer.” Second, in terms of manufacturing capacity, Bentuan is the largest and most productive laser printer industry in a single park around the world. As of 2024, Pentium produced 6 million units; it has the only fully automated production plant in the country.
At the same time, it promotes the clustering of industrial chains, with 70% of the spare parts coming from around 50 km of suppliers, nurturing hundreds of upstream and downstream enterprises, and helping to create the power of the sea.
Third, in terms of overseas market expansion, more than 110 countries and territories have been sold abroad, with more than 50% overseas. In terms of overseas markets, the volume of overseas printer sales increased by 6% in 2024.
Actively expanding overseas markets such as Shanghai, ASEAN, the All-round, the BRICS, etc., has accelerated the deployment of European markets, which, while ensuring the stability of core markets, have achieved significant breakthroughs in other markets abroad. The advance map has been sold to more than 110 countries and territories abroad, accounting for nearly 50% of the total volumes of the map.
1.2a3 high-end product +ai layout: Product upgrading to strengthen consumer-level markets a3 has achieved remarkable results in the face of a3 printer, confirming the company's own strength. In May 2024, Bentiu organized the "China Print New Breaking-up-Bantu Strategy launch and China's first fully autonomous launch of a3" in North Kyoto.
Core parts are autonomously controlled: the printer engine is fully autonomously developed, has complete control of the printing process, and is free from dependence on foreign technology. Soc is a self-designed chip-integration control, encryption, etc. that guarantees security and stability of the message.
(ii) Coverage of the mainstream market: Bentoa 3 series focuses on the needs of political and business users, providing solutions that are efficient output, smart and easy (phone-scanning, micro-letter remote printing) and low printing costs. Among the same products, the key indicators such as print accuracy, cost of materials, stability, etc., are international leaders.
For example, support for automatic double-sided printing, large-volume paper boxes (a3 dozen printing machines increased by 131.44 per cent in 2024, with the fourth-quarter ring increasing by 401.41 per cent. Consumer-level markets continued to expand, and product upgrading and +ai technology upgrading consolidated their leader status.
Depending on the user’s product experience, you will be the first to introduce functions such as “intelligent network sharing”, “test retreading”, “ai voice printing”, “retreading” and “retrouting”. For example, the “test retreading” function can be used to print applications and is suitable for a Mercedes printer with a wifi feature (type “w”).
App automatically removes handwriting marks through image recognition techniques, and returns one key to a blank examination and printing, easy to rehearse and applies to educational settings such as home and school.
The Bentuan viewai smart document production system is officially launched. The system combines ai content generation, smart security clearance, automatic layout, print/digital printing, covering the entire process of drafting, proofreading, layout to output, direct-fired party organ writing inefficiently, in an irregular format, and high content security risk.
Figure 7: The core strengths of the Bentuan visionai smart document production system Integration of national think tanks such as Xinhua, Central Party School and five major professional databases to ensure that content is policy-oriented
New business growth points, such as copiers, domestic markets at the end of the market have broken through high-value products and high-end channels, industry customer growth has doubled, and overseas markets have doubled in South America, Europe, Australia, Asia and the Pacific.
Markets have been successful in opening up larger new customers. Corporate sales of consumables grew by about 14.8% on a year-on-year basis in 2024.
In November 2024, Trump declared victory in the presidential election of 2024, and on January 2025, he formally vowed to take office as the 47th president of the United States. Since the second half of 2024, we have continued to issue Recommence Technology and Technology Internal Requirements.
To the king, Microsoft Blue screen events and autonomous controls, technology needs to be the king, trust winds to reboot, technology needs to be the king: to re-emphasize that ownership is the main line, and more than 10 other reports, such as the "Definition of Main Lines" and the constant emphasis on technology needs to be the king, and Ken to keep an eye on the main lines of autonomy and control.
Policy is highly concerned, and the Government’s report on its work focuses on the self-reliance of high-level technology. The Report on the Government’s Work for 2025 highlights the following: promoting high-level technology self-reliance, taking full advantage of the new national system, strengthening key core technologies and cutting-edge, subversive technology research and development, and accelerating organizational implementation and ahead-of-the-road deployment.
Local governments also attach great importance to the development of information technology and put in place policies to support national production progress. 1) In March 2025, the Beijing Governing Council of the Regional Council for Economic and Technological Development issued the Beijing Economic and Technological Development Zone Measures for Building the National Open Source and Information Industry Highlands, which supports businesses in the core areas of information technology and focuses on artificial intelligence innovation.
By 2027, the number of IT market players and the size of the industry’s revenues doubled, bringing together 1,000 highly innovative, growth-oriented and competitive start-up firms with incomes of up to $100 billion.
2) In February 2025, the Office of the China-China Guangdong Provincial Council and the People's Government Office of Guangdong Province issued the Action Plan for the Construction of a Modern Industrial System in Guangdong Province 2025. The policy states that: ground-breaking results have been achieved in key materials, instruments, software, equipment, etc.; and self-sustaining basic software students such as
Support for the introduction of creative talent, the building of an integrated base for education, the promotion of educational chains, the human chain, the industrial chain, the productive talent initiative.
High-level construction of the National Innovation Park, improvement of the infrastructure, creation of an eco-community in the new-quality industry, introduction of the printer's control chip into the safe and reliable evaluation list, and the printer's potential for a major turn-around in the area of mail creation.
Point. On 1 July 2025, the China Information Security Monitoring and Assessment Centre updated the Guide to Secure and Reliable Measurement (v3.0), comparing version 2.0 with the extension of the evaluation category of cpu products: the artificial intelligence training reasoning chip to be carried by lasers or inkjet printers.
This addition is significant: the safe and reliable evaluation is currently oriented towards only five disaggregated areas (cpu, artificial intelligent training reasoning chips, operating systems, databases, and master control chips mounted by lasers or inkjet printers), indicating that the five areas in question are of high importance in the area of credit creation and are at the core of national production substitution.
The company is expected to continue to benefit from the printer's demand in the area of information technology, as well as from the demand for information from the printer-based office facilities that prevent data leakage. The company has achieved the national core of the soc chip control.
Participants such as U.K., H.H.S., etc., have jointly completed the project "Nationally manufactured printer core soc chip serialization from major development and scale application" and have studied and explored the national product-based self-controlled printer soc chip series. At present, this series of chips has been used in bulk for the national production of Mercedes printers and has achieved national production.
Substitution and scale-up applications. In July 2021, the Chinese Electronics Institute validated the results of science and technology, which led to the achievement of an international lead in technology of the same kind.
In 2024, the map was acquired continuously in key sectors such as finance.
Breaking through, the market was always in the lead, with a 50 per cent increase in the volume of sales in the credit market, a 50 per cent increase in the volume of products, a 65 per cent increase in the volume of printers in the letter market, and a 130 per cent increase in the volume of printers in the 2025q2 letter market.
LSI was founded in 1991 as a global leader in imaging and export technology solutions and printing management services. Prior to being acquired by listed companies, LSI operated primarily in the business of ass and es, which included the production and sale of various types of laser printers and related consumables, accessories and a range of related items.
The printing of management services, for example, provides clients with a set of business software solutions. Since June 2023, the corporate external business environment has changed significantly, with the Alliance’s international business expansion and supply chain negatively affected.
The LC maintains greater commercial value for its operations, and is more likely to gain higher recoverable value through the sale of assets. Based on a combination of its own and the interests of a wide range of shareholders, the company decided to start selling 100% of the LCL lightly, and the company’s printing business is expected to develop in the long term.
The company held the twenty-first meeting of the seventh board of directors and the twentieth meeting of the seventh supervisory board, respectively, to consider the adoption of the Bill on the Sale of LICs and the Signing of the Equity Purchase Agreement, which agreed that the company's controlling subsidiary, ninestargroup company, would sell its direct holdings to the buyer.
On 1 July of that year, the estimated transaction value for the date of delivery was $90,572.06 million. The net profit of Lexmark Internationalili, Inc. for 2023, 2024, was negative, and the company raised $7,884 million and $557 million, respectively, in the two years for the goodwill generated by the acquisition of the Alliance International.
When the transaction is completed, the risks to the listed company’s offshore operations will be significantly reduced, and the company will concentrate its resources on the development of printer ownership.
Deep-cultivated semiconductor industry, which has accelerated growth with the introduction of major investors for more than 20 years, is a national professional, from printer master soc chip to consumer encryption chip full-series printer core design company, and a global supplier of printer general-use chip.
It is a state-defined high-technology company that works on integrated circuit chip design, with core technology such as cpu design technology, multi-nuclear chip design technology, safety chip design technology, common-use chip design technology, etc. Four major research and development centers have been set up in Pearl Sea, Shanghai, Hang and North Carolina.
A joint laboratory with Zhejiang University and the Shanghai Microsystem of the Chinese Academy of Sciences has been set up to promote polar microelectronics at the forefront of the industry’s technology. At the same time, investment in intellectual property has been stepped up, and long-term cooperation and exchanges with leading intellectual property firms in the country and abroad have been established to provide comprehensive intellectual property solutions to clients.
In the month, several strategic investors, including the National Large Fund II, were introduced by Everett Elpeck Electronics (later renamed Polar Microelectronics) Ltd. A total of 3.2 billion yuan was imported. After the introduction of the strategic investors, the value of Epike’s investment was 19 billion yuan.
With the introduction of important investors, the development of polar microelectronics has accelerated, with many achievements in products, markets, etc. 1) 2021: new R & D centers were set up in Chengzhou, Chengdu, and the R & D teams in Joohai, Shanghai, Hangzhou have expanded, technology R & D has grown significantly, and mcu operations have achieved medium- and high-level levels in industrial control, automobiles, etc.
2) 2022: The size of R & D staff now exceeds 500, the overall ratio of R & D staff exceeds 45%, promoting the development and industrialization of new products in areas such as printing, engineering, auto electronics, and new energy sources. 3) 2023: In order to maintain a leading position, polar microscopic investment in R & D continues to increase.
R & D expenditure for the year was 506 million yuan, an increase of 26.03%. With the deep coverage of polar microproducts in industrial controls and automobile markets, polar micro has successfully imported pole customers. 4) 2024: chip sales were 615 million, an increase of 26.01% compared to the same year, with non-printed chip sales increasing by 42%, including the first in the country.
Products such as ultrasound sensors and signal processor gurc01, which are produced successfully.
• 506 million in R & D spending throughout the year
In the core core chip area, you get a mass-produced ultrasound sensor, upper-air Mitsubishi, pelicans,
Signal processor turc01, sky-key breakthroughs, Great Walls, etc.) to work together.
• Completion of autonomous R & D consumption levels in mid- and high-end industries, ultrasound sensors and signals
General mcu platform, auto modem (reverse radar) has ampm 32f411 series
High arithmetic for real-time processing through aec-q100 general mcu platform and real-time processing
Mcu, overvalued, grade2 reliability, attack team, multiple product.
Universal mcu platform, and apm32f465 series derivative of a series of high-performance vehicles
mcu and an amm32f035 series for human robotics.
International First Line Chip Control Specialized Mcu Bureau, including joint controllers
And smart hands, real-time control of dsp chips, etc., which currently cover the printer chip design the whole industry chain and build a self-controlled safety chip.
In the area of printer chips, the company has core technology, such as cpu design technology, multi-nucle Soc-specific chip design technology, safety chip design technology, generic chip design technology, and is a national professional, from printer master soc chip control to consumer encryption chip-wide printer chip design company, as well as printer utility cores.
A global supplier of the film. There are a variety of products under the flag, such as printer-controlled soc, consumer chip, which includes two categories: ink box chips and sculptor chips. Machine and sfp solutions. Black and white single laser printer-controlled soc, which carries a national product, Ping-head Kogang-chul-cpu.
(b) 4-digit noorflash controllers with a maximum frequency of 50 mhz; rich security ip (aes, des, ssha, sm2/4); support for processing system downloads and running linux operating systems;
Real-time response with printer interfaces; support inverting breakotops, enabling key storage and cpu restricted access. 2) hsp2220: applies to desktop laser printers, colour scanners and mfp/sfp solutions. Black and white multifunctional laser printer masters soc, with a fully developed system ip.
and external ip (16 sdram interfaces, data transfer speed 200mbps/bit; 4-digit noorflash controllers with maximum frequency of 50mhz; rich security ip (aes, des, ssha, sm2/4); congested flexible image processor engine (jbig/jpeg codecator, scan backend, semi-colour tone and algorithm hardware acceleration)
Support for processing system downloads and operation of linux operating systems; support for printer interface real-time response; 2.3 deep-farm integrated circuit design for many years, producing rich products in areas such as auto electrons.
The products include microcontrols and processors, sensors, electronic chips for cars, etc.
Microcontrollers and processors: polar ocean micro-provides a wide range of 32-bit microcontrollers and microprocessor product combinations with advanced process processes with low-power, high-performance, high-integrable, high-reliability, scalable, etc. performance features that achieve a higher level of real-time, stability and safety, meet customer diversification applications and provide engineering
Design development by the master provides maximum flexibility and simplicity. 1) apm32 industrial stage microcontrols: apm32 is based on 32-bit microcontrols based on the armocortex-m0+/m3/m4f inner core, with high performance, low power consumption, real-time, stability, safety, multifunctionality,
These features are integrated, providing rapid, easy and flexible development experiences that help users save their development potential and optimize their performance. The apm32 product is rich and the development of eco-resources is well developed and is widely used in areas such as industrial control, auto electronics, high-end consumer electronics, intelligent homes, new energy sources, and communication facilities.
2) apm32 control specific microcontrols: the power is very widely used in life, ranging from mini-discharges to large-scale industrial equipment. As the concept of low-carbon energy efficiency increases in depth and automation of water, smarter and more energy-efficient electrical products are more popular.
The polar sea has the leading system-level ecological service capabilities that enable users to achieve their output quickly. 3) apm32a car regulation microcontrols: apm32a series mcu, coverage
kernels, armocortex/m3/m3/m4f with apm32a407 series, apm32a103 series, apm32a091 series of three product lines with efficient cpu processing, enhanced storage space, and a rich connection function through aec-q100 reliability certification and Iso2662 functional security tubes
The system certification, which further expands the array of ultra-marine-grade mcu products, meets the high reliability of car chips, high work temperature ranges, etc., and effectively meets the development needs of car electronic diversity communications and body control applications, which can be widely applied to vehicle use scenes such as body control, security systems, information and entertainment systems, power systems, etc.
4) g32a general microcontrol device: g32a series general mcu, based on anrmocorpex-m0+/m3/m4f kernels that meet Iso26262silb~d certification and aec-q100 requirements and are integrated into a secure encryption module to stabilize the working temperature range at -40circc~125circ}c, perfect hardware and software tools
Support the fast-tracking of assistive user projects. Low-power bluetooth mcu of high-performance rrisc-v cores, which combines high-performance 2.4 ghz radio frequency transceivers and rich external resources with low-power, high-efficiency transmission rates, etc., and excellent transmission performance helps unlock the chain.
Sensors: The polar-sea sensor product mix is dedicated to providing excellent “sense” capabilities for the design of applications such as auto electrons, industry, consumer electrons, object networking, including ultrasound radar ranging, touch, biology, photovoltaic, etc.
These products help users meet a variety of functional and performance needs, providing smart solutions that are both reliable, flexible, low-capacity and fast-tracked. Gurc01 is the country's first ultrasound sensor and beacon chip, applied to auto support systems and industry, to build distance measurement systems.
A rich configuration with built-in temperature sensors and signal processors, with excellent tables for measuring long- and short-range objects, and supporting multiple functions and broad-programmable drive frequency ranges.
Automobile electron chips: Multiple product lines, such as generic microcontrollers, car-specific chips, etc., provide products and applications that meet Iso26262 functional safety standards, are safe, reliable and of stable quality, and provide rich eco-localized technical support to clients.
A combination of products to meet the growing demand for applications in the automotive electronics industry and to assist clients in achieving fast track figure 22: Automobile electronic chip product profile, multi-point layout, car electronics, industry, etc.
In the electronics sector of cars, multiple chips have achieved project fixation in mainstream domestic and international car plants and have begun to enter into bulk loads to get in. 1) The country ' s first smooth-volume ultrasound sensor and signal processor, turc01, is used mainly for car distance measurement support systems, breaking the patent monopoly and performing excellent performances in measuring long distance objects;
High-precision positioning, instant signal processing, etc., while the product is small in size, algorithmic integration, anti-distression manufacturer completes module development and testing and has achieved volume production, which has been successfully applied to vehicle breakdowns such as bcm, bmu, charger posts, seat controllers, t-box, obc vehicle charger, Hvac heating air conditioning system, etc.
Application (3) galt6120: Automotive headlights led matrix control chips that significantly enhance inter-operability and driving safety of the car lighting system, while at the same time providing more intelligent lighting for the car by reducing the cost and power of the car lighting system in the industrial field, with layouts for the ai, robotics, etc. 1) g32r5 series of high performance real-time controls
Chips: The global first is based on the dual-nuclear structure of the armocorpex-m52 processor and the helium edge al technology for high-performance real-time control and marginal-ai integration applications, which are imported to multiple industry head clients. First, the performance is high. g32r5 series uses the latest armv 8.1-m architecture design of the armocorpextex---
m52 Dual Nuclear cpu, which supports parallel work with the two-nucleics, can perform both high performance computing and real-time control tasks with a work frequency of up to 250 mhz, which can be measured in real time compared to the 800 mhz cortex-m7 inner nuclear product; second, low cost, low power consumption.
HeliumTM technology that significantly enhances advanced digital signal processing (dsp) capabilities and machine learning (ml) applications; third, the overall real-time and intelligentness of the system. By supporting custom data access cde interfaces, the UV command extension module developed autonomously in the polar sea can be expanded to support triangular functions, Foley at the command set level.
Multiple mathematical calculations such as foliage conversion and complex mathematics accelerate, significantly shortening mathematics time and lowering cpu access figure 23:g32r501 chip feature 2) rolls out ghd3440, ghd3440r, etc. multi-machine-driven chips, also targeting human machines
Human applications have performed comprehensive chip layouts, including joint controllers and smart hands real-time control of dsp chips, smart encoder chips, brain computing chips, battery management master chip, visual radar sensor chips and force-to-record sensor chips, some of which have been delivered in bulk.
There are rapid developments in the areas of automobiles, industrial controls, etc. (1) 2025h1: the polar sea micro-business revenue is about $556 million, a decline of about 18% in the same year, but the non-consumption chip camps, such as industrial controls and cars, receive about 254 million yuan in the same year-on-year increase, of which about 182 million non-consumption chips are sold, a 47% increase in the same year.) 2025q2: the polar sea has a marginal revenue.
With about $302 million in revenue, the ring has grown by about 19 per cent, of which about $150 million in non-expendable chip camps, such as industrial controls, cars, and about 44 per cent in the ring. From the point of view of volume, the total volume of chips has increased by about 34 per cent; and about 109 million in non-expendable chip sales, or 50 per cent in the ring.
3.1 Profit predictions and business splits 1) Income: First, corporate chip operations are expected to accelerate with the innovation policy catalyst. The master control chips on lasers or inkjet printers are now in the safe and reliable measurement guidelines (v3.0)
Assessments, future printer chips are expected to continue to grow in demand in the area of mail. Second, new products in the areas of auto electronics, industry, etc., are constantly expanding and the power chip business is accelerating. As smart drivers develop, the need for chips (intellectual drivers, mcu chips, etc.) is increasing.
With a market size of 120 billion yuan, it is expected to break 300 billion yuan in 2030, with an annual compound growth rate of over 25%. As a result, the industry is expected to maintain a high profile.
The development of home-grown chips is expected to accelerate. With the successful import of polar microproducts into pole customers and their deep coverage in industrial controls and automobile market applications, the coverage of auto electronics, industry, etc., continues to expand, with many products becoming core competitive in the market (gurc01, etc.), and many new products entering the supply chain and starting to be approved.
The growth is expected to accelerate, considering that many of the company's new items have not entered the pipeline, and that more are expected to start bulking. Overall, the demand for printer chips is expected to accelerate with the release of the message demand and the company's continuous roll-out of the core competitive new products and the opening of multiple new items.
Chips in a number of areas, such as automobiles, industry, etc., continue to push to the market and expand their influence, taking into account the city's revenues: first, the company has continued to deep-plough the printer market for many years and has accumulated a good customer base for the general consumption and accessories market. Second, in 2024, the company actively built a network of sales, recycling of consumables and a3 copyings.
New business growth points, such as fuelwood, and domestic market breakthroughs in high-value products and high-end channels are expected to continue, with the positive impact associated with these developments. Thirdly, overseas markets have successfully opened larger new customers in a number of markets, including South America, Europe, Australia, Asia and the Pacific, and are expected to contribute to the long-term growth of business.
The global printer market, at $75.1 billion in 2024, is expected to grow from $78.5 billion in 2025 to $123.1 billion in 2034, with a compound annual growth rate of 5.1 per cent, and is expected to grow at a slightly higher rate than the global printer industry, given the increasing competitiveness of corporate general consumption and ration operations and the expanding market.
Given a stable corporate business model and a stable market position, the Māori rate is expected to remain relatively stable, with a projected $1 billion, and therefore the total size of the company’s related business will be affected by the sale. Here we have two projections for the original printer and consumables business, namely, taking into account LAF and not taking LAFs apart.
1. Income projections for the map and the LCL. Revenue projections for the map: But companies have become more focused on the development of the map since they were separated from the LCL, and the map itself is expected to accelerate its development. First, the map is becoming more competitive in consumer-level markets and has continued to expand its influence abroad.
In recent years, domestic users have evolved into “home-to-house” high-end products such as printers, while consumer-level products have technical advantages and are expected to continue. Overseas operations are also expected to continue, becoming an important engine of future growth (as already described above).
Second, nationalization is expected to accelerate the release of demand over the next few years, and will help to boost growth. Policy is now highly focused on high-level technology self-reliance, policy support for the IT industry, and growth is accelerating.
Financial, medical, educational, energy, etc. applications are becoming more widespread, and the market for domestically produced laser printers will be further developed. As the printer industry leads, it is hoped that, as demand ends continue to be repaired, it will benefit from faster and higher growth in national production alternatives.
The annual compound growth rate is close to 50%. Thus, as a leading company in the core area of letter creation (the printer chip is in one of the five main areas to be evaluated) (the domestic advantage is evident), the company’s printer business has continued to grow rapidly, and output in the area of letter creation has increased rapidly in the first half of 2025.
As can be seen from the idc data, the company’s share in the world is increasing, as reflected in the Department’s own technological and market capabilities. Globalization is therefore expected to bring new growth to the company. So, the LCL’s revenue projections: given the overall landscape of the world’s printer industry, the LCL is dominated by overseas operations.
The product layout consists of black and white laser printers, colour laser printers, multifunctional digital composite machines and associated consumables, accessories and a range of printing management services.
(b) Consider stripping the Alliance: taking into account the fact that the Alliance was still active in the first half of 2025 (according to the company announcement, the sale of major assets of the Alliance was completed on 1 July 2025), the revenues of the Alliance in 2025 are therefore being paid in full.
Assumptions. As a result of unprofitable revenue disclosure in the first half of 2025, the impact of the first and second half of the League ' s history was re-enacted, while the Benevolent Map was expected to continue to improve competitiveness in letter-making, consumer-level markets and overseas markets, regardless of the withdrawal of the Alliance: based on the above-mentioned projections, the company ' s original printer and consumables operations for 2025-2027
4% of the sum of the two companies' revenues). The Māori rate, the League ' s international business model and competitiveness are stable, and the Benevolent Plan is expected to continue to improve in both the letter-making, consumer-level and overseas markets, so combined, gross 1) revenue: the revenue is a companion to the three major operations mentioned above and is expected to grow at a rate that is consistent with the associated business.
Main cost rates (consider decoupling): 1) Cost of sales: The cost is expected to remain stable as the company ' s market channels mature and sales capacity increase continuously, but with a certain intensity of input, given that the company is still in the process of expansion such as chip, printer, etc. At the same time, decoupling would reduce the cost burden, but 2025
The associated costs of the Alliance in the first half of the year will continue to have an impact on corporate reporting (management, R & D rate-related impact 2) and management cost rates: as the internal management capacity of the company continues to improve, management costs are expected to stabilize over the long term, and corporate R & D rates are expected to cool down over the medium to long term, but companies will remain strong over the next few years.
In response to investment returns from sales of the Alliance: based on the company ' s performance forecast for the first half of 2025, the company accounted for in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Enterprise Accounting Standards, and preliminary calculations of the withdrawal of the Association ' s net profits from the current period and the deduction of the net profits from the non-return to the mother have had a significant impact (based on the performance forecast, it is expected that the net return from the first half of 2025 will be realized)
Here, our impact on the company ' s profits from the two projected median zones is approximately 650 million, taking into account the clarity of the company ' s current business plates and the different circumstances of the different business plates in terms of technology, markets, business models, etc., and should be analysed for the operations of the different sections, and therefore the valuation of the segment is used as a valuation method.
According to the company’s 2024 annual report, the company’s core business is currently classified as printer business (the subsidiary’s Mercedes is the main) and chip business (the subsidiary’s polar micro is the main operator) as well as general consumption and accessories.
Printer operations (Bento): As the company has now officially severed the Alliance International, it is looking to the future, primarily considering the value of the map itself. Given the scarcity of the map in the printer market, a share is not yet available.
In business, we refer mainly to business similarities and local similarities in core technology assets. On July 1, 2025, the China Information Security Assessment Centre updated the Guidance for Secure and Reliable Surveyors (v3.0), comparing version 2.0 with the expanded category of test products for cpu products: artificial intelligence training reasoning.
Chips and master chips on a laser or ink printer, to which the evaluation consists of five categories: cpu, operating system, database, artificial intelligence training reasoning chips and master control chips on a laser or ink printer. As a result, the printer chip and the printer itself are of high security control importance.
On a comprehensive basis, we have selected companies that are already in the core categories of the evaluation category, including databases, head-to-head data in the field of operating systems chips, and Xin-Aun as comparable companies (taking into account the substitution of the same national product and the higher degree of productization and competitive advantage in the substitution). At the same time, taking into account the turnover of national production,
Intergenerational attributes, and the position of the map printer in the market (substitution of products and market competitiveness, and higher position in the domestic and global markets), we have chosen Bercho, which is competitive in the substitution of products and markets, as comparable companies.
At a time of rising and steady investment at the research and development end, the sales end has established a more stable distribution network worldwide, and therefore combined, assuming a stable net interest rate in the future. By reference to the average value of comparable corporate valuations, we gave company printer operations 43xpe in 2025, with a market value of $35.7 billion.
Chip operations (Altired Sea microscopic printer chips, constantly moving towards auto electronics, industry, etc., to create a second-growth curve. Lead companies in the field of mcu are selected as comparable companies that have both deep-deeper shares downstream, such as autoelectronics, industry, etc., taking into account that printer chips are now in production.
The high importance of one of the five main categories of safe and reliable measurements makes it possible to select five categories of safe and reliable measurements of sealight information that are comparable to those of cpu, ai chips. In valuation methods, considering the long-term potential of the chip area in the future, short-term profits cannot be fully reflected in the company, due to factors such as high inputs.
Given that corporate chip operations are primarily responsible for polar microelectronics, income projections for polar microelectronics are taken into account in the above projections for corporate chip operations and are assumed to increase at the same rate in 2025-2027.
General consumption and spare parts operations: There are currently fewer companies operating in the area of general consumption and accessories. We select the close-knit shares of our business as comparable companies. We forecast the average net interest rate for general consumption and spare parts operations at 2% above, assuming that the net interest rate is in line with the competitiveness of the market and the generally stable pattern of the market.
The average annual net interest rate is 39 x. But, given that the historical level of interest rates on the stockholdings is higher than the net interest rate on the company’s general consumption and spare parts business, together, we gave the company’s general consumption and accessories business 25xpe in 2025, corresponding to the global printer market, which has continued to grow in competitiveness and to consolidate its position.
At the same time, as a leading domestic semiconductor, the polar sea has opened up new opportunities for growth in the areas of automobiles, industry, and so on. Considering the impact of the breakup and the sale of major assets, it is expected that the company will return to 1) the market will not expand as expected.
There is a potential for expansion in areas such as the rule of law, but there is a risk that markets will not expand as expected. (2) There is a risk of increased competition among practitioners. There are multiple competitors in the industry, and fluctuations in domestic market demand can further increase competition among counterparts.
3. There is uncertainty about changes in technology routes. Technological changes, such as in the current one, are faster, and there is a potential for changes in competitiveness in the relevant areas as a result of changes in the technology routes in the area of disaggregation. The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.