Event: On 30 June 2021, Slanwa issued an announcement on the issue of shares for the purchase of assets and collection of Slanwa (600460.0.sh)
Reorganization & approval, and the power of the idm will fly. The company's announcement will be announced in advance and will be sent to a large fund.
The sale of $8.235 million for the purchase of investment and equity in Slander, and the proposed collection of support funds of up to $1,122 million for the 8-inch integrated circuit chip production line phase 2 project and the repayment of the public bank loan, have now been approved by the SEC.
The shares will increase from 34.13 per cent to 63.73 per cent, while the major funds will provide an impact analysis of the total equity of Slan micro.
Strong companies’ manufacturing capacity and future profitability; 2) Introduction of large funds as major shareholders in the company, which will help to upgrade the company’s market position in the integrated circuit industry and bring more business synergy to the company. Industry’s high profile continues, and production benefits from Wang’s depth: the company’s current capacity is a national leader, son.
In the short term, the industry has continued to have a high climate, a high price of goods, and the company has continued to increase its prices.
In the long run, growing production capacity and manufacturing capacity will enhance the competitive edge of firms’ markets and lay the foundation for rapid growth. The product structure continues to be optimized, and long-term growth dynamics are strong.
In the case of igbt, the ipm module has been used by mainstream national white power suppliers, the igbt module has entered the Hong Kong, China, China, etc. supply, the new energy vehicle igbt module has started to enter the bulk supply, and the main domestic plant has increased its assessment. And the current push to move the igbt up to 12 inches will be enhanced.
This advantage: for mems, the company's more than a decade-long cultivation of the mems sensor, the variety of products, the three-axis acceleration sensor's competitive advantage, entering head-to-head customers like hmov; in addition, the company has continued to increase the input of semiconductors of compounds, and a 6-inch silicone nitrified arbium integrated electricity was built in 2017.
Test lines in the chip, and in 2020, a mid-test line for the sic power device began to be built, accelerating the development of the sic device and striving to achieve car car car carbonated silicon breakthroughs.
Slanwe, one of the leading home-grown Idm companies, is now benefiting most from a tight trend in production, and the company has built up its technological advantages with sustained and intensive R & D inputs and adherence to the Idm model.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. is competitive in its products and, driven by the high profile of downstream markets, has sufficient power to grow in the future.
Risk factors: industry cyclical volatility risk, technology failure to meet expected risks, productivity climbs and clients, Xian Electronics University, close to five years of semiconductor industry experience, overseas work experience with Texas instruments, etc.
In 2017, in Pacific securities, in 2018, in sales securities, and in 2020, in Sinda securities, in the electronics industry, the Golden Bull Award of 18/19 was ranked 3/2 in the electronics industry.
Li Xiaoqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, joined the south-west securities in 2018, the Sunda securities in 2020, covering mainly crystal-crylic mills, digital chips, and radio frequencies, as well as panels and smart machines. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sunda securities in 2020, covering vrrr, optical, storage plates.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.