Six-monthly review of Slanwa (600460) 2021 recommended (for the first time) multiple operations with high performance innovation q2
The profit-making industry is booming, with companies recovering q2 and re-innovating their net profits. In the first half of 2021, companies achieved a business income of $3.308 billion, or +94.05 per cent, and a net return profit of $431 million, or +804.98 per cent, respectively, and a single-quarter recovery and a return net profit of more than ever.
The overall operating and profit margins of the Division have been reversed by: (i) a higher level of output from the 8-inch chip production line maintained during the reporting period by the Company ' s son, S.A., with a significant increase in chip production compared to the same period last year, an increase in the combined Māori ratio of products to 18.35 per cent and a significant decrease in losses; and (ii)
The company's subsidiary, Slander's led chip production line, is largely full-loaded, and the led chip production has increased considerably over the same period last year, with a combined Māori rate rising to 6.87 per cent and a significant decrease in losses; (3) Slander's integrated circuits and splitware products have been sold more than during the same period last year.
The company's integrated circuits, ipm, mcu, and mems have gone well together. In recent years, the company has continued to grow into the harvest period, and its operations have gone hand in hand. In integrated circuit operations, 2021.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s revenues from integrated circuit operations amounted to $1,120 million, compared to +108.19 per cent, mainly because of the apparent acceleration in the volume of new products from the company ' s various circuits; the company ' s revenues from the IPM module, which exceeded $410 million during the reporting period, increased by more than 150 per cent over the same period, are now widely applied to downstream household electricity and to the variation of industrial customers.
In the first half of the year, the company introduced two generations of ipm with higher accuracy, lower loss and higher reliability than one generation; in the first half of the year, the company ' s electro-controlled mcu product continued in many areas, such as industrial frequency transformers, industrial ups, photovoltaic reversals, textile machinery servile products, various types of mutagenic fan applications and electric bicycles.
Extensive application: for mems, the company recovered 140 million yuan during the reporting period, an increase of more than 290 per cent over the same period the previous year. Products such as acceleration sensors have already produced bulk output on the 8 inch line.
In addition, there has been considerable progress in market promotion and development of mems products such as infrared light sensors, heart rate sensors, silicon microphones, six-axis inertial sensors. The volume of mems sensor products is expected to increase further in the second half of the year.
Domestic power idm leads, insisting on "design and build the integration path" and building core competitiveness in many fields. For more than two decades, the company has been on the path of "design and integration" and has been working through the entire industrial chain of the chip "design-manufacture-sealing" that has crossed the "5 to 12 inches" line.
The information in this report is derived from publicly available information, the accuracy and completeness of which suggests that investors should exercise caution in entering the market and taking risks on their own. Core competitiveness has been built in the areas of power semiconductor (poweric, powerware and power modules), mems sensors, photovoltaic products and high-end led chip, one of the leading idm companies in the country.
Companies will continue to take advantage of the Idm model by actively expanding medium- and high-end markets, such as electricity, communications, industry, photovoltaics, and new-energy vehicles, and are expected to perform on new steps. Pe should be 93 times and 76 times, respectively, with the first “recommended” rating to be covered.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.