Re-innovation, high-end product layouts, events: Slanwa's mid-2021 report, company revenues of $3.308 billion in the first half of 2021, Slanwa
This represents an increase of 94.05 per cent over the same period, a net return of $431 million over the same period, an increase of 1306.52 per cent over the same period, a decrease of net profit and a significant improvement in business performance in the second quarter.
On the one hand, because of a slight increase in product prices and, on the other hand, because companies optimize their market, customer, and product structures in a high industry climate. On the other hand, the cost rate, thanks to the scalding effect of the harvest, has improved further during the company’s period, one pct less than q1, is still 1 pct).
The swing days for inventory and accounts receivable have continued to decline, with significant operational results. The company’s stock turnover days have been high since the 20th of the year, and the company’s business improvements have been remarkable.
Ten thousand per month; eighty inches per month; 12 inches of Xiamen ' s chip output reached 1.4 in June, Child Autumn Research Assistant, compound semiconductor line Slanming has reached 40,000 inches per month and will be completed in the second half of 21st year.
The product lines have multiple layouts, new products open up long-term growth space. With the advantage of the idm and ongoing research and development inputs, the company’s product lines have steadily opened and benefited from high industry climates and national production replacements.
In the first half of 21st year, the company managed to raise 1,709 million yuan, an increase of 85.64 per cent over the previous year. Of that amount, the igbt product went through $190 million, an increase of more than 110 per cent over the previous year.
The pace of product restructuring, with higher-value-added high-pressure supercharged moss tubes, high-density low-voltage gulls mos tubes, high-power igbt, etc., have continued to make faster progress and lead the performance industry. It is particularly noteworthy that the company ' s self-developed V-digbt and frd chips have already been developed for the power-driven mainframe of the automobile.
With regard to integrated circuits, the company managed to collect 1,120 million yuan, an increase of 108.19 per cent in the first half of the year. Of these, the ipm module generated a breakthrough of 410 million yuan, an increase of more than 150 per cent in the same year, and has entered the country more widely.
20210428 - Sindam Securities - Slander: Power idm old General, the new course is being supplied by a white power plant. And the company has introduced a new two generation of higher precision, low wear, and higher reliability.
20210622 - Sindam Securities - Slander: 12 inch ipm, which is expected to increase further in the future in the city of Ipm. Meanwhile, company mems continue to do more, line expansion accelerates, cars and industry start up.
In the first half of the year, the harvest was over 140 million yuan, an increase of 290 per cent over the same year, and the mainstream mobile phone plant has made a massive effort to encapsulate the module with an eye for the future using the company's acceleration sensors, and the company's infrared light sensors, heart rate sensors, silicon microphones, and so on.
202,10701 - Sindam securities - Slander: steady promotion and development of mems products such as six-axis inertial sensors.
In addition, with regard to the third generation of semiconductors, the company's silicon-based device development is continuing, and the mid-test line for the sic power device has been implemented in the second quarter, pre-empting the third generation of semiconductor development. Led, which has delayed the company's performance in the previous period, is also changing positively.
The led chip business generated $294 million, an increase of 110.84 per cent. And the Māori rate rose to 6.87 per cent, resulting in a significant decrease in losses. While consolidating the market share of the traditional led chip, the company has fastened the back of the back of the inverted mini-led chip and LCD smart area applied to the high density (cob) screen.
Sinda Securities Inc. Light Mini-led chip development and customer outreach, and speed up the release of light-led chip products into the middle-end chip market of car lighting, cell phone backlight, landscape lighting, etc.
I don't know, cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing, profit forecasting and investment rating: Slanwa led the country as a national power Idm.
In the long run, companies igbt, miniled, and third generation half risk factors: industry cyclical volatility risk, technology mismatches, productivity uphills, and households below expectations risk.
Figure 1: Slander micro-harvesting and profit performance Figure 2: Slander's profit margin performance Figure 3: Slander's cost performance
Figure 4: Research and development fee rates for the Slander emblem, Figure 5: Accounts receivable for the Slander emblem, Figure 6: Stock of the Slander emblem
Fang Jing, a leading student at Xian University of Electronics and Technology, has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, and has foreign experience abroad, such as in Texas instruments, and is familiar with semiconductors and consumer electronics chains. He is also the founder of the country’s well-known semiconductor incubation platform of 10 coffees, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early.
The Golden Cow Award, 18/19, was ranked 3/2 in the electronics industry: Li Shunqing, Master of Arts, Wuhan University, joined Southwest Securities in 2018 and Sinda Securities in 2020, covering mainly crystal mills, digital chips and radio frequencies, with a balance between panels and smart machines.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, in 2020, joined the Sindha securities, covering vrar, optical, and storage plates. Autumn Kotao, a Master of Asset Assessment, joined the Sinda securities in 2020, with the ability to produce, cover power, simulation, and seal plates.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.