H1 has seen a huge increase in performance, power of Idm in the period of gold growth, a sudden increase in performance, a full expansion of product lines, a full-scale advance, a substantial reduction in the loss of the 8-inch line of Slander and Slander's led chip line, a collection of parent companies.
There has been a significant increase in the sale of circuits and separate devices, with h1 having an overall Māori rate of 11.28 pct to 31.6 per cent, leading to a roll-out of the three main plates, and the rules for gbt and frd have been supplied in bulk 1) which have resulted in revenues of 1.709 billion yuan, or 85.64 per cent, and an increase in Māori rates of 11 pt to 32.5 per cent.
Of this amount, the igbt product harvest exceeded $190 million, or more than 110 per cent, and the self-researched igbt and frd chips. The main electric vehicle module has been tested by a number of customers in the country and is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the second half of the year; 2) the integrated circuit operation achieved a total of $1.12 billion, or 108 per cent, and the Māori rate rose by 13.4 pct to 38.7 per cent.
3) RMB 200 million, an increase of 111 per cent, and Māori increased by 27.9 pct to 9.5 per cent. Production progress is fast, with 2022q4 expected to achieve 60,000 inches of capacity \triangleright
In the first half of 21st year, Sran was largely full of 5/6 inches, producing 1.22 million units, or 5.7 per cent more, and Sran was able to produce 320,000 pieces of 8 inches, or 33 per cent more, in the second quarter and to make a profit in the second half of the year, with a sustained increase in production line inputs and increased production capacity in the second half of the year, in an effort to make a profit throughout the year. Sran was able to produce 5.72 million pieces of 12 inches.
In the second half of the year, it will accelerate its investment in the production of 70,000 units as soon as possible, and the company's silicon-based research and development will continue.
The test line in the device has been made available to the second Lidu.
The introduction of a major fund as the company’s main shareholder, 5.9% of the company’s total stock, has helped to raise the company’s market position in the integrated circuit industry, bringing more business synergy to the company. Multiplier. The current Schen’s semiconductor index is 92 times higher, taking into account the power semiconductor’s high profile and the company’s future capacity.
Expansion, optimized product structure, first coverage, “recommended” rating. Industry landscape below expectations, R & D progress below expectations, and productivity climbs below expectations. Corporate financial statement data projections aggregate
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai University of Transport, and a Bachelor of Science and a Master of Finance from the University of Shanghai.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.