The company announced its product, Tigerneo, two-faced bdv570 (144 batteries) group.
\triangleright and tigerneo double-faced bdv610 (156 batteries) assemblies were certified with extremely competitive low-carbon footprint values from the French Certisolis Laboratory, with carbon footprint values of 448 and 450 kg CO2 per kilogram, respectively
In addition, the company's tigerpro series of 108 batteries, 120 batteries, and 144 cells, single-sided and double-sided, have all been certified as carbon footprints. The company's highly competitive carbon footprints are expected to help overseas households by requesting tenders for large ground power stations and large-scale business roof projects with high-efficiency components.
The electricity price subsidy of the Cre Board further enhances the competitiveness of companies in overseas markets. Globalization, with the expansion of integrated production capacity, will continue.
In 2021, the company's battery fragments, such as Jiangxi Rao, Yunnan Chuo, An Quan Quantico, were put into production with balanced capacity and increased efficiency of integration. By the end of 2021, Deng Young-kang had become more efficient.
The company has a silicon production capacity of 32.5gw, a battery capacity of 24gw (of which N silicon production capacity of 0.9gw), and a component capacity of 45gw, with a projected volume of 23.55gw, which is among the highest in the world. In 2022, the company is expected to form a silicon, battery and component production capacity of 40/50gw, integrated, with a self-supply rate of 80%.
In the local market, crystal energy ranked first among the eight countries in 2020, including the United States, Viet Nam, Japan, and Australia, with 24%, 17%, 17%, and 16%, respectively. The share of offshore revenue rose steadily, with 2021h1 overseas operations accounting for 86%, reflecting corporate globalization.
The company was the first manufacturer in the country to produce a first-line component for the \triangleright. The company invested in the gw level n battery test in 2019.
In 2021, the company's laboratory N single crystal battery was 25.4% efficient and is now stable. Research assistant: Lee Kyung-po, Quantitative Production Efficiency 24.5%, good 99%.
The project phase 8gw was off-line in January of this year, and the company’s Topcon is expected to produce more than 10gw in 2022, taking into account, among other things, the slopes. Compared to the percn-type topcon, companies are expected to enjoy the premium of new technologies while making their products more competitive.
The cost falls in scope and profits are expected to recover quickly. 21 years of company component profits are taxed by 201, sinks, 1. Photovoltaic industry depth reports 2022008: high demand, higher rates, freight and cost implications. 1) 22 years of company toncon capacity will overcharge the components and make them more expensive.
Low production costs for batteries in light; 2) lower financing costs for companies when they returna and much lower financial costs for companies; 3) increased 5gw quota for battery components in the United States new tariff policy with double-sided components exemption; this will result
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.