Short-term performance pressure, sustained innovation to build long-term competitiveness, increased by 20.88 per cent compared with 20.88 per cent, with a net profit of $412 million for the third quarter, an increase of 13.67 per cent compared with 13.67 per cent.
1) Income side: Company q1-q3 achieved 2,529 million yuan, an increase of 28.95 per cent over the same period; q3 earned 878 million yuan, an increase of 15.57 per cent over the same period, slightly less than the increase of the second quarter. On the one hand, the shutdown of some of the factories affected by the epidemic in late September had an impact on the company ' s production capacity delivery and delivery rhythm; on the other hand, the renminbi appreciated significantly, based on a similar increase.
Wind, the average exchange rate of $21q3 against the F RMB is 6.47, compared to 6.92 over the same period. If measured against the United States dollar's comparative calibre, the impact is further magnified by the appreciation of the RMB mainly due to shortages of raw materials and price increases; properly managed corporate costs, q1-q3 R & D inputs are driven by innovation and product competitiveness continues to improve
The company maintains technological innovation at its core and continuously increases its investment in product R & D, q1-q3 at a cost of $185 million, an increase of 12.19 per cent compared to 12.19 per cent, and this year ' s product competitiveness has been continuously enhanced by upgrading and launching of new products on all three lines of operation.
Programmes, including new items such as roompanel, roomsensor and roomcast, and collaboration with Microsoft, troupe conferences to promote multi-purpose collaborative solutions that will provide conference users with a brand-new panorama conference room solution. Desktop terminals: work with Microsoft, Zoom in depth, work together to develop multiple new items (t58w phones, w73p, w73h), further
High-end markets. Cloud Office Terminal: Multi-products such as wired and wireless headphones, cameras, specialized wide-band headphones have been introduced, product matrices have been refined and efforts have been made to provide users with a perfect audio-visual communication experience. 46x/34x/26x, Dreamnet technology, open communication, Zoom are comparable companies, with an average pe value of 76x over 21 years.
Short-term disturbance of company performance, such as the epidemic, the appreciation of the renminbi, the price of raw materials, etc., but companies continue to enrich their product matrix to build core competitiveness and long-term operations are expected to improve overall. “Recommend” ratings are maintained. Exchange rate fluctuations affect company income: the epidemic repeatedly affects domestic production and overseas demand.
100 million United Networks (300628): The epidemic disturbs short-term performance, difficult situations show business resilience, performance is robust and earning capacity is constrained
Corporate financial statement data projections summarize the great technology enterprises that work/life/communication humans, focusing on hard technology enterprises that are in line with China’s manufacturing development. Bonds, Hua-Tech Ltd., joined civil securities in 2021, with a focus on major equipment, operators, Chinese-industrial chains, industrial Internet, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.