\triangleright \triangleright
A little less than the second quarter of the increase; on the one hand, the shutdown of some of the plants affected by the epidemic in late September had an impact on the company ' s capacity delivery and delivery rhythm; on the other hand, the renminbi appreciated significantly on a year-on-year basis, with an average exchange rate of 6.47 per cent for offshorers, compared to 6.92 per cent for the same period, if measured in comparable calibres of the United States dollar, 21q3 income increased on a year-on-year basis.
Net interest rates at the median of the forecast amount to 46.86%, a decline of 0.83 pcts on the same year, and we believe that the renminbi appreciation has magnified the negative impact of the price increases for raw materials, which in the short term has resulted in repression of corporate Māori rates and net interest rates. The short-term effects have gradually been cleared, and the logic of medium- and long-term growth has remained unchanged.
At present, the outbreak in Xiamen has been effectively brought under control, and we expect a full increase in the capacity of the company starting in October, with sufficient orders in hand, q3 late delivery orders to be compensated by q4 and annual equity incentive targets expected to be met; while product prices will be transmitted downstream in the near future, raw material price increases and exchange rate effects will be further reduced.
Reconfirm the logic of medium- and long-term growth of the company: the product structure of the desktop communications terminal continues to optimize, the t5 series and the teams voice ratio is gradually increasing, and the logic of performance growth is shifting from a volume-driven to a price-driven one. The corporate "cloud+end" model is becoming mature, thinning the user habits, and the conference product plate will become an important performance growth point.
For business headphones, which are technically and channeled to high sip phones, it is expected to re-engineer the growth curve of the latter. 46x/34x/26x, using dreamnet technology, telecommunications, Zoom as a comparable company, 21-year average pe is valued at 72x (wind's consistent expectations). The outbreak, the appreciation of the renminbi, the price of raw materials, etc. short-term disturbance of company performance, but companies are trapped.
Keeping the “recommended” rating. Exchange rate fluctuations affect corporate income; the epidemic repeatedly affects domestic production and overseas demand.
A steady growth in performance and a high level of profitability. 2. [People's Communications] Million United Network (300628.sz): Sip is growing steadily.
Corporate financial statement data projections summarize the great technology enterprises that work/life/communication humans, focusing on hard technology enterprises that are in line with China’s manufacturing development. Bonds, Hua-Tech Ltd., joined civil securities in 2021, with a focus on major equipment, operators, Chinese-industrial chains, industrial Internet, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.