High-quality growth of the Maotai Group and steady progress in its objectives - Report of the incident of the Maotai Company in Guizhou (600519.sh) - 7th and 3rd meetings of the Maotai Company in Guizhou on January 14th, 2025
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Staff representative conference opened in the main auditorium of the Mautai Convention Centre.  Successfully dismissed in 2024, leading to high-quality growth
The mission was successfully completed, with a double-digit increase in the main indicator. According to the Maotai Workers ' Congress, in 2024 the Maotai Group earned $18,719 million, an increase of 13.3 per cent; the total profit was $12,770 million, an increase of 10.2 per cent; and the tax revenue was $8,174 million.
In 2024, the Maotai Group focused on eight areas: one was the main one.
Business development has stagnated and further developed as the main value chain of the strong alcohol industry; the second is production quality, which has improved the quality management system. The third is marketing, which promotes self-employment and social marketing.
The fourth is that science, technology and innovation have been very successful, with 170 patents for inventions. The fifth is that the level of the esg has risen in its entirety, incorporating the concept of the esg into the whole process of production. The sixth is that branding has increased significantly, with three cultural ips being crafted.
The main goal of the Maotai Group in 2025 is to achieve a steady improvement in the main indicators and to achieve a full workforce.
1 “Kotai, Guizhou (60519): Successful harvest of productivity, cost-benefit margin, net asset rate of return, operating cash ratio, asset-liability ratio, stable at excellent levels; growth in R & D inputs on a year-on-year basis
10.2 per cent At the same time, the construction of the "Nine Systems" is being pursued: one is the modern industry, which is geared towards matching supply and demand, and adjusting the channel of investment.
3 Guozhou Mao Dai (600519): Channel depth; second, modern corporate governance system; third, full chain product quality control multiplicity, internationalization of the six major systems 2024-04
Yes, product quality control throughout the life cycle; fourthly, a two-cycle marketing system that builds domestic and international complementary and mutually supportive market patterns; fifthly, a modern science, technology and innovation system that accelerates the development of new quality productivity; and sixthly, a genuine beauty.
The corporate branding system, which is designed to maintain the image of the Maoist nation, the cultural construction system in all its aspects, the continuous strengthening of the culture and the development of the talent system in all its aspects, and the risk management system in all its aspects.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, less than expected expansion of production capacity, less rapid growth, less than expected reform process, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into the wine, is a sub-high-end white wine and soft drinks plate, and it's a tasting, fast-frozen, and a real-estate wine plate in addition to an insignia.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.