The company managed to complete its mission in 2024. The goal set at the beginning of the year was successfully accomplished in 2024 and is expected to be achieved.
The company's main business is the production and operation of Mautai and the series of wines, with a total gross revenue of about $173.8 billion (of which Mautai earns about $145.8 billion, the series sells and sells).
Roughly $24.6 billion in revenue, an increase of approximately 15.44 per cent over the same year; net profits expected to accrue to shareholders in publicly listed companies; Nostrils and typical representatives of soy sauce and white wine, a collection of national geography, logo products, organic foods and national intangible cultural heritage
In one case, the company marketing network covered the domestic market and 64 countries and territories in the five continents, an increase of about 13.92 per cent over the same period.
The product restructuring will continue in 25 years, and the consumption of the poo wine will continue. At the previous marketing meeting, the Department had indicated that in 2025 it would adjust its spending levels for products such as 53° 500 ml per fly day, the precious wine, 53° 1000ml per fly day, etc., and further strengthen the Pudu monolith as a gold matrix for olive-type products.
In addition, the company will open up the market.
The year will see an increase in the overall volume of the pottery, a decrease in the volume of the pavilion, and a 25-year increase in the volume of wine from the Mangwon and the non-flying system. The company will ensure that the price of the pavilion is relatively stable at 53 degrees 500ml.
Two are essentially unchanged: the basic properties of Maotai remain the same, and the basic attributes of socialization, collection, etc. are still the intrinsic properties of Maotai. Mao Dao emphasized in the General Assembly the need to ensure stability in the 53-degree skycracker prices, demonstrating the firm’s confidence and determination in the management of the Maotai price, giving the market a stable psychological forecast of the market’s price base.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: In 2024, the company maintained a robust growth in a difficult environment, demonstrating the resilience and stability of its performance. As a leader in the white wine industry, Mao Dai has the ability to stabilize its development and move through the cycle, we appreciate the company’s continuing trend towards increasing market ownership in high-end white wine.
The company is expected to achieve a 14.45% increase in sales revenue in 2025, with a net profit increase for the parent giving a “strongly recommended” rating.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports: 24 years of successful admission, 25 years of steady growth in the company's operations, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of success in the 24 years of successful admission.
Menssoe Wang Jie Ting explains his research. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.