In 2024, the company is expected to realize a gross operating income of $173.8 billion.
The company, as a leader in white wine, is more resilient and has a cycle-by-cycle production announcement for Maotai, Guizhou, 2024.
In November of that year, the company went up and down, and Pmouth prices ensured a steady increase in performance in 2024, with a significant drop in the 4024 series and a double-digit increase in the two-digit growth. (1) In 2024, a total of 1,458 billion yuan, or 15.2 per cent, was expected to be collected, and 24.6 billion dollars, or 19.2 per cent, were expected to be collected in the series.
In the fourth quarter, the growth rate of the income from the series was 13.6 per cent and 3.4 per cent, respectively, due to the environmental impact of the industry, and the price of the batches fluctuated considerably during the year. In combination with the price of the bottle, the price of the bottle is now 2h24 original boxes and yuan. In the third quarter, in order to stabilize the price, the company adjusted its delivery structure to increase the number of the year's raw and fine items.
Quotas have been reduced, quota quotas have been reduced, and the structure of the Mautai wine products has been upgraded. We judge that the 4-quarters company maintains a three-quarter delivery policy. (2) The four-quarter series of liquor camps have experienced a marked drop in the rate of harvests, and we judge that the owner is expected to complete his mission early in the year with 1935, adding 2h24 mats with a larger price reduction of 1935 batches, which the company controls on its own initiative.
The four-quarter series of wines plays a less active role in the tabulation. (3) In 2024, the production of 563 thousand puppies has been actively seeking to change for months to date, and there are many ways to cope with the pressure from the industry, starting a new development cycle in 2025.
A sorority of distributors to confront the “supply and demand match” problem in the current market, insisting on “three transformations” (combined transitions, landscape transitions, service transformations) and balancing channel relations. In terms of products, (1) the planned domestic market for the Maow Chau market has increased slightly over the past 24 years, with 53 degrees, 500 ml of valuables.
In the case of the series of wines, there will be 1935 huts, the princes of the courthouses will welcome them, and the Chinese sauce will be large.
On the other hand, companies target catering channels, international markets, increase the development of differentiated products, and meet the demand for diversification.