Events: Preliminary accounting by the company, in 2024, the company produced about 563 million tons of gin, series of gins, Guozhou
About 481 million tons of wine; total operating income is expected to be about $173.8 billion (of which about $145.58 billion is expected to reach the target year-round, with proper year-end downside maintenance. The company’s target harvest at the beginning of the year increased by 15% and was successfully completed as planned.
The price of the core products has recovered steadily, with a steady fall in the market price of 1935 mats. The transformation matches demand, and the channels complementarities.
After “Community transformation, scene transformation, service transformation” we have developed a “new business” population, created a new drinking and drinking lifestyle, and met the needs of consumers for diversification. We believe that the “three transformations” are good for the public sector to accurately reach the needs of consumers and consolidate the basics of demand.
The two main distributioner systems, comprising “4 (self-owned companies, i-pots, large customers, corporate private domain) +6 (transmitting distributors, supermarkets, social power suppliers, hotel restaurants, professional chains, industrial private domain)” together with 10 channels. We believe that complementarities among multiple channels will also help to balance product prices, and that
To increase the efficiency of consumer transformation and provide continuous high-quality services, the pyramids will be the base of the pyramids, and the olive-type matrix will be increased.
In the face of uncertainty in the market environment, in 2025, the domestic market will spend more than a kilogram, developing the 750ml fly-away channel version, the 700ml fly-away international version, and the Guizhou kiosks (600519).
From 1 to 5 days, 49,999 places per day will be available for requisitioning one or two bottles per person, which is a much higher increase than on the first day of the dragon. We expect a more accurate consumption touch based on the three transitions.
D'Adam, it's hoped to maintain better price stability and enhance the confidence of the channel in the market, while multi-programming, high innovation, a strong product matrix, a series of wines that adhere to the one-wing strategy and become a new growth pole for the group. According to company plans, 2025.
The annual series of wines will aim to be no less than the average growth rate of the first five years of a listed company, focusing on a monolithic cluster of "two wings" with a core of 1935, Prince and Hanzai, and will build a "two-wing" set of 1935, a "three billion causes" by the Prince of Mao, and a "three billion causes" by its brand culture.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. combs it up, forms a sharp expression, gives it to consumers and allows the market to go deep. We think it's the cindasecuritiesco., ltd.
Liquor has become the second growth curve of the company, and it needs to be more refined after 20 billion body sizes.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Although the industry is still in the process of adjustment, we believe that Mao Dai, as the head of the industry \triangleright, has a strong product mix and freedom to develop robustly and cross-cyclically
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; technology improvement projects are not as advanced as expected \triangleright Zhang Waiqing, Wuhan University of Technology, double degree in law, economics, two years of work in the financial sector, then entering the white wine
For 13 years, the industry has done first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and then spent the next two years carrying out research, development and operation in Saputu, a big dairy company.
Cheng Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University.
Jo Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics. White wine is covered (in-depth study of Kutao, 5 grains, Xinzhou cellar, Shanxi wine, Quixai wine, Quantino wine, Quino, Ocean River shares, this world's nearness, soy plate). Wang Xuequan, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, B.A., B.A. Economics + International Relations, B.A., with beer covered (in-depth)
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.