I'm glad to see you're back in business.
On 2 January 2025, Maotai, Guizhou, published the 2024 production and operation report, q4 taws, with a good year-round performance.
The year-round revenue target has been successfully met and is robust. In 2024, the company is expected to have reasonable control over the growth rate, with a fast annual flow of alcohol. 1) The liquor store received about $17.4 billion (with an increase of approximately 15.75%), of which the main liquor/salary collection was separate.
-0.42 pcts. 2) The production of mackerel/saves is about 563.481 million + 0.91 pcts, respectively.
From the price point of view, since the second half of 2024, companies have invested in price controls, such as the suspension of the world's 375ml, the elimination of the synthesizing power of the magnifying box.
Motion matching of supply and demand, adjustment of channel for placement balance, suspension of direct-camp channel parities, etc., reflecting the firm ' s stronger price balance, 2, " Koto Station, Guizhou (600519): Deep channel, etc.
Heart and brand voice, subsequent batch prices are expected to reflect more balance between supply and demand, diversity, internationalization of the six major systems 2024 - co-ordinated, 1) 53° 500 ml planned for the domestic market
(c) Adjustment of the product structure of the exclusive store, merchant super-electric company contract; and
The Maotai Group is currently implementing a “one game, one heart” strategy, and the stock company continues to lead the plate, and the innovation business continues. According to the announcement, we have made a slight adjustment.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, less than expected expansion of production capacity, less rapid growth, less than expected reform process, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into the wine, is the sub-top white wine and soft drink plate, which is a palate, a fast-freeze and a real estate wine plate, in addition to a bottle of wine.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.