The year's target is robust, multi-product-balanced, dynamic regulation, full-chain control precision is raised, providing strong support for stabilizing the 500ml daily bid performance.
In 24q4, the 4-mong liquor camp received 44.7 billion yuan, an increase of 13.6%, with a slight slowdown in the margin of growth, which is expected to be relative to the previous pace of Phuhu during the year. Hundreds of millions, or 19.2% more, were removed during the year from the "motion" of the 1935 and the "meat sauce" of the kiosks.
The quota system, which is fully governed by the contract system, and the timely consolidation of cooperation among manufacturers, has led to a market promotion policy of 1935, which has led to a negative sales growth of $5.2 billion in the 24q4 series, an increase of 3.4 per cent, and a significant slowdown in growth in the single season, mainly due to the adjustment of the 1935 controlled goods at the end of the year.
The company plans around "Quality Matches, Quality Matches", which: 1 enhances structural resilience in product layouts; 2 leads consumer culture in product development; 3 introduces precision marketing in product extension, where the distribution of the gin products will be more compatible with the channel structure, and the expected increase is mainly in clothing.
Multi-species fly-by, small-volume/non-tradable texture products, and snake year-to-year raw products. Soy sauce is being strengthened by a monolith, which is being re-engineered at a price of 500-800 on the hut, and market input policies are expected to be adjusted accordingly; and the expansion of the Prince's wine channel will accelerate.
Consider the company's performance in integrating universal flying prices, supported by a more diversified product structure.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: In 2024, companies were flexible in adjusting their marketing policies, continuously optimizing the product matrix, and ensuring the successful completion of their business plans throughout the year.
"Kotai, Guizhou (600519). Under the main tone of continuous shareholder returns, the product, resources, channels are better known, better integrated, better equipped and better prepared for supply and demand."
The company is expected to achieve better demand extraction and lead to new dynamism in the white wine industry through product innovation, scenario development (self-drinking outside of political and commercial consumption) and service upgrading (touching into the private sphere and providing customized services, etc.).
Three major financial forecasting tables in Maotai, Guizhou, have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) to qualify for portfolio investment consultancy.