Initiation of a Chinese gas, Replenishment subsidiary, Saya Test, 27/09/2019, Shoyabo.
The company issued an announcement to increase the registered capital of its subsidiary, Saiya, from 15 million yuan to 35.29 million yuan. The new investor, China, proposed to replenish the Saiyan test with 46 million yuan in cash.
A 100% reduction to 42.5%, with China holding 57.5% share in the Saiyan test. The Saya test will no longer be included in the company’s consolidated statements.
A dedicated site for external testing, where road testing of company tyres is currently mainly commissioned by third-party testing sites, will be easier and faster for companies to test tyres when the subsidiary Saiyan tests are put into use, thus targeting higher product levels and better adapting to market needs.
• China’s one-size-fits-all, multi-dimensional cooperation is a promising future: China’s one-size-fits-all automobile brand has been on the top of the domestic automobile industry for 16 years. This time, China’s one-in-one-in-saia test is expected to open the door to full-scale collaboration between future companies and China’s one-in-one-in-one.
▪ Viet Nam’s strong productive capacity is a core growth point in corporate profits: Viet Nam’s Southern subsidiary achieved sales revenue of 1.761 billion yuan, or 24.8 per cent of the company’s revenues, during the period of 20199h1; net profits were realized South subsidiary roe of 10.33 per cent and super company roe 2.61 percentage points.
Avoiding trade barriers, with strong profitability and strong advantages. In addition, the 2.4 million full steel production units built jointly by companies and flat tires in the south of Viet Nam have been built in the first half of 2019, and the lack of overseas capacity increases will further enhance the profitability of companies.
▪ Import substitution and demand recovery, and the giant business opens up room for growth: high-end engineering giants benefit from an increased downstream mining landscape, and demand is expected to rise. After nearly 10 years of research and development to break the international giant monopoly, in 2016, the world’s largest 63-inch giant midday child was successfully offline.
Currently one of the three major manufacturers of the world's largest engineering machinery and mine equipment, Caterpillar, is one of the co-contractors of tyres and has entered the Chinese market for about 70 per cent of the large mines, customized, hairy 1, and " racer tyres " (601058): reported.
Interest rate giants are expected to open up the company’s growth space.
The advantages of the layout highlight the fact that giants open up to 11x, 8x, and 6x, respectively. As industry concentration increases and corporate output increases, future profitability is expected to continue to increase, maintaining a “growth” rating of companies.
Downward transmission: High stock pledge rates for large shareholders are at risk of quelling the pledge stock. Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a securities investment advisory committee