The company released its mid-2019 report on operating income of $7,092 million, an increase of 8.03 per cent over the reporting period, a net gain of $507 million for the mother, an increase of 59.34 per cent over the previous period, and a net gain for the non-mother.
▪ Viet Nam’s strong productive capacity is a core growth point in corporate profits: during the reporting period, Viet Nam’s citizens accounted for 64.2% of the company’s parent profits, while Viet Nam’s subsidiary, Roe (distribution), was 10.33%, well beyond the company as a whole.
In addition, the company and the flat tires jointly built 2.4 million steel units/year-round steel in Viet Nam, which began work in the first half of 2019, will further increase the capacity of overseas production in the future, allowing import substitution and demand recovery, and the giants to open up the growth space: high-end engineering giants benefit.
The downstream mining industry is growing and demand is expected to rise. After nearly a decade of research and development that broke the international giant monopoly, the company managed to fall off in 2016 with the world ' s largest 63-inch giant midday tires, and is now the world ' s largest engineering and mining equipment producer, Carter Pyler ' s three main tires.
One of the accompanied suppliers has entered about 70% of China’s large mining markets, and a customized, hairy, high interest rate giants are expected to open up the company’s growth space. Branding continues to grow, and brand value continues to rise: companies have been branding and internationalizing collars in recent years.
As the quality of the product increases and publicity increases, the brand value of the company increases significantly, ranking it in 2019 with 40,285 million yuan in brand value.
In 2019, the “World Brand Congress” released China’s 500 most valuable brand list of 157. The repurchase highlights corporate confidence, sustainable development future prospects: companies issue buyback programmes to repurchase some shares of the company’s stock in the form of a centralized competitive transaction using their own funds, and the repurchase of shares will be used for this purpose.
The implementation of equity incentive schemes, the effective mobilization of managers and key cadres, the attraction and retention of 1 and Racer Tyres (601058): management excellence and business cadres abroad, have amply demonstrated the firm ' s medium- and long-term development confidence.
The advantages of the layout are highlighted by the fact that the giant tire business opens up the long space. 2019-07-302, Tyres: Internal and External Pressure, Winners.
With the approval of the China Securities and Supervisory Board (CMS), Toshio Securities Co. Ltd. already has an investment advisory committee on securities.