The upper steam group (600104) study is expected to benefit from the in-house, extra-research drive of auto technology.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
According to the company’s semi-annual report of 2024, 2024h1 achieved 182,000 wholesale sales and 2115 million retail sales. Of these, 1,244,000, or 58.8%, were retailed in autonomous brands; and 524,000, or 29.9%, were sold in new energy vehicles.
According to the above-certified e interaction, companies are accelerating their efforts to optimize the distribution of their products and to maintain their share of sales in the European market.
The opening of new markets in AUSCANZ, the Middle East, South America, ASEAN, and the EU’s anti-subsidized tariffs will be scaled up to deal positively with the negative impact of EU countervailing tariffs on corporate sales. In terms of innovation in automobile science and technology, the upper gas group has achieved a two-wheel drive of endogenous and outward research and development.
On the inside, the zero-banded pantry under the upper flag is 3.0 to support the L3 smart driving technology and is expected to be officially on the market in 2025: the next generation of 4.0 in the pantry is more integrated in the ai technology and further upgrades to the level-level cloud data base, operating systems, etc. to achieve a higher level of l4.
For its part, the upper gas group has been actively exploring and investing in various fields of intelligent driving, including arithmetic, and has maintained close cooperation with enterprises in related fields, focusing on “software-defined automobiles”, pushing for the co-development of “aritic + software + chips” and accelerating the deployment of new technologies, such as the big one model.
3.0 The system has been built by smart cars in conjunction with a momenta, and companies have autonomous control over the technology. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we believe that the upper-mortex group ' s cooperation with the outside world in automobile science and technology is expected to build on the country ' s leading production technology and scale to upgrade and add value.
At the same time, as a pioneer in China's automobiles and a number of leading firms, we believe that up-to-shore operations are expected to be more robust in trade competition. Companies are expected to collect in 2024/2025/2026.