Researchchand developmentcenter Reform for Development, Ideal Selection and Cooperation
- The upper gas company covered the report for the first time.
He's a research assistant in the auto industry.
Upwinding group (600104.sh): double growth in production and ring ratio in July, cumulative delivery of smartsl7 to thousands 3. Upwind group (600104.sh): stronger sales in June, higher-than-expected rehabilitation of production Upstream: state enterprise reform for development, innovative cooperation for intellectual selection
In 2011, the company was listed as a whole. In the early stages of its development, the company went to the gas company.
Since the twenty-first century, it has set up four ways to build an autonomous brand, which has been a key battle for ownership and technological innovation, and has launched autonomous brands such as Eonwei, Bo-jin, and Wi-Fi in 2022.
The upper-air group sold 5.303 million full vehicles, which for 17 years remained the country's first in a row and was the first to become China's first new energy vehicle, a “two million enterprises” in the overseas market. At present, the upper-air group's operations cover, inter alia, the whole vehicle, spare parts, mobile mobility and services, finance, international operations, innovation and technology.
In recent years, China’s automobile market has been undergoing a wave of smart electric transformation, with new energy penetration breaking the tipping point, increased intelligent competition, and increased competition.
Trends such as accelerated globalization, on the one hand, the growing size of markets, the growing share of new energy-owned brand markets, and the entry of the Chinese automobile industry into a new phase of high-quality development, on the other hand, joint brands, state-owned enterprises, as a result of the slow pace of the electric transformation and intense competition in the market, on the other hand, the declining market share, on the other hand, 2024.
The annual cumulative retail sales of the mainstream joint brands, 6.299,000, a 15.7 per cent decrease in the same year, and the market share fell from 51.4 per cent in 2019 to 27.5 per cent in 2024. There was also a significant decline in the upper-mortality group joint ventures, with indicators such as the upper-air mass, the upper-air general sales volume, the capacity utilization rate, and the net return on the home.
The upper-gas autonomous plate was also affected by the upward-gas-based sales of the same amount in 2024. From trickle-down to the big size, the upper-gas group was transformed to start again.) Policy support, with the core management injecting new dynamic energy.
In order to find the best way to develop a joint venture in the context of the new era, the general public is actively promoting its own intelligence.
The recent increase and decline in January (%) was localized; at the same time, with its own strong technological reserves in the field of smart electricization, the group actively counter-empowerment joint branding, leading the Chinese market to the era of joint venture 2.0; 3)
The ratio of share shares in circulation (%) is brand integration, technology bottom upgrades, and intellectual skills are advanced system-wide.
Upgrading the "Seven Technology Bases" with full capacity for new and autonomous brands under the flag; for intellectuals, publishing the "A one-to-one-to-one intuitive mind-driving model", which has become the first brand in the industry with the ability to drive intelligently at the same time as Levels 1, 2, 3 and 4; and for example, to work together to open the complex.
In February 2025, the upper-mortality group and China signed an agreement for deep cooperation in Shanghai, creating a brand of “Shanghai”, which, on the one hand, provides the bottom-line support for the entire car manufacture, and, on the other hand, provides the technological support for the intellectual “class decision-making”, which combines the two teams in depth, working together, working together or working together.
For the first time, multiple factors, such as light-loading, enhanced external cooperation, were covered with a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: vehicle sales are not as high as expected, new energy transformations are not as high as expected, and external cooperation is not as high as expected.
Foreign exports are at risk from policy implications.
In Beijing, in Beijing, in the West Side, in the Golden House No. 127 A., in the West Side, b. Company profile: Old Dragons, in recent years, business performance has been overstretched: Old Motors, in the National Enterprise, with a rich matrix of products.
With the entire car business at its core, the company was set up as a fuel-era pioneer. The company that was founded in 1955 as the front of the group, the Shanghai Inner Burning Company, and the successful test of the first Phoenix sedan at the Shanghai Automation Plant in 1958, marked a breakthrough in the Shanghai car industry in manufacturing zero, with the upper gas officially entering the full-scale phase.
The joint brand has contributed significantly to the development of the upper steam period; since the twenty-first century, it has established a "four ways" to build an autonomous brand, which is a key battle for autonomous development and technological innovation, and which has been followed by autonomous brands such as Ewei, Boo-chung, and Ji-soo.
In August 2024, the group continued to take the lead in China’s top-ranked car enterprise, with its combined business income of $105.2 billion in 2023, ranking it 93rd in the world’s 500th highest in Fortune magazine.
Table 1: The upper-mortality group has a large subsidiary, and the brand matrix covers a multi-dimensional market demand. At present, the upper-mortality group ' s operations cover, inter alia, the full-car fleet, spare parts, mobile mobility and services, finance, international operations, innovation and technology.
The whole area of the car consists of two main sub-blocks, namely, passenger cars, commercial cars, motor cars, smart cars, vans, Mitsubishis, etc.; the commercial section includes a subsidiary, such as Motel, Nanjing Iviko, Shinvo passenger cars, etc. The area of spare parts covers motors, gear tanks, chassis, electrical, electronics, etc.
The development, production and sale of motor parts, such as mobile systems, interior and interior accessories, mainly include enterprises such as Shanghai Automotives Ltd., United Motors Electronics Ltd., and China Automotive Systems Ltd. In addition, companies are well organized in logistics, finance, and have a number of subsidiaries such as Angie Logistics, Up-in-In-Inwards, Up-in-In-In-In-Intra-Car Control, etc.
In the case of cars, the brands under the corporate flag consist mainly of joint ventures (uplifting the general public, uplifting the general public), autonomy (uplifting the general floor of Mitsubishi, Emeritus, Wiesi, Ingenuity, Monsignor, etc.). In the case of joint ventures, the main ones under the popular flag of the upper side are the upper class of Odys, the general public, and the Scoda brands; in the case of upper gas, the main ones are Cadillacs, Berk, Chevryland (market positioning from high to low). In the case of autonomy, the upper class of the upper class of Mitsubishi.
The main attack was a miniature electric vehicle with two major brands, Mitsubishi and Bozo; a high-end market, led by Eunwei, gradually extended to the high-end smart electric vehicle market after absorbing Flying Fan brands in 2024; it was built by the upper-mud, Ali Baba and Zhang Jiang Goko, focusing on the high-end, powered car: the famous brand was born in England, and in 2007 the upper-mortized south gas was incorporated into the upper-mortality group, with the famous brand wearing the sea.
Extragenetic, the current corporate flagship brand, which in 2023 sold 380,000 in 16 developed countries, more than 840,000 worldwide, and "China's single brand export champion" for five consecutive years. On the whole of the car, it has the same brands as Chase, Shinwo, the upper-mortized red rock, and the Ivecco. Through a rich brand matrix layout, the group covers economics to high-end brands, and uses them.
Cars to commercial vehicles, fuel trucks to new energy sources, multiple products from cars to suv, full-scale market demand. Figure 1: Upwind Group ' s main business section and brand 1.2 equity structure: Shanghai State holdings, more centralized equity structure
As of the Group ' s three-quarterly report in 2024, the company was controlled by the Shanghai State Finance Committee, with the first major shareholder, the Shanghai Automotive Industry (Group) Ltd., holding 63.27 per cent of the shares held by the Shanghai City State Finance Committee, and the second largest shareholder, China Ocean Shipping Group Limited, with the second largest shareholder, China Ocean Shipping Group Limited, signed an agreement in 2022 to transfer shares free of charge with Shanghai General Corporation to strengthen mutual equity cooperation.
The third largest shareholder has a long history of working with the company, and in 2007 the upper-mortality group signed an agreement with the leap-frogging group to formally take and buy the south, and the leap-frogging vehicle has been formally incorporated into the upper-mortized product line of the group, making it an important component of the group’s commercial product line. The concentration of the group’s equity structure, with a single major shareholder holding more than 50% of the shares, has provided a strong basis for the group’s deployment in implementing the transition development strategy and implementing related policies.
Figure 2: Joint venture brand sales were squeezed at the time of the upper gas group ' s equity structure (up to the third quarter of 2024), corporate performance fell and the group achieved operating income of $744.71 billion in 2023, a year-on-year increase in performance forecast, due to the fall in the fuel vehicle market, the continuing escalation of vehicle market prices, and the readiness of the up-scaling common stock to write down assets
For the first time since the Group was listed, net annual returns have decreased by more than $12 billion on a year-on-year basis. In our view, the Group has experienced a number of difficulties at the operational level in recent years because of a range of factors, such as the market environment, brand transformation, but the group has accumulated a great deal of skills, which will be accompanied by policy support, a gradual transformation of brands, structural changes, and a new competitive model.
2. Industry and company recycling: Autonomous rise, a clear decline in joint venture brands 2.1. Industry: Autonomous new energy rises and booms, a decline in the share of state-owned enterprises in the market.
In recent years, China’s automobile market has been undergoing a wave of profound changes, ranging from technological breakthroughs to re-engineering of the market, from policy orientation to consumption trends, and an acceleration of market success and weakness. The Chinese automobile industry, in the context of deepening structural reforms on the supply side, has seen new energy penetration rates break the threshold, intelligent competition has intensified, and globalization has intensified.
On the one hand, the total market is growing, according to the China-China Association, by 19.3 per cent the same year, and on the other hand, the export of cars is moving up to a new level. On the other hand, the market structure has deepened, new energy vehicles have continued to grow rapidly, and annual sales have made the first breakthrough of 10 million vehicles, accounting for more than 40 per cent of sales, leading to a new phase of high-quality branding; and on the other hand, there is a new phase of autonomous branding.
Autonomous brands have risen strongly, and joint brands have declined. Our own brands, though late, have grown rapidly, using electric power, intelligence as an opportunity for development in recent years, have benefited from the outbreak of the new energy car market and technological innovation, the strong rise of domestic autonomous brands, and, according to the FMC data, in 2024, the share of domestic auto brands was out of 65%, the retail share was out of 60%, up from the previous year.
9pc, Autonomous Motors quickly became the absolute dominant head, with Biadi, Gilly, Chirre and Chang-An cars continuing to occupy leading positions in the head, and the share of the market in manufacturers' sales rose from 32% in 2023 to 39% in 2024, while the Autonomous Motors were at the top of the year 41%. On the other hand, joint venture brands continued to decline due to the slow transition from electric to competitive markets.
The cumulative retail sales of the mainstream joint venture brands in 2024 decreased by 15.7% from the same year, while the market occupancy rate increased from 2019 to 2019, figure 9: Autonomous brand markets have been growing, state companies have been changing slowly, and market rates and profitability have declined significantly.
In recent years, as a result of multiple factors, such as decision-making mechanisms, research and development intensity, and reliance on brand paths, the transformation of state companies has been slower in the new energy wave, with a decline in city occupancy and profitability. My annual combined vehicle sales have reached 16.213 million vehicles, down from a high of 65.2% in 2014 to 51.6% in 2024.
2.2 Companies: Electro-smart transformation is slow, joint-stock sales are under pressure, overseas exports are performing well, joint-venture sales are under pressure, and profit contributions are falling. Companies contribute 90% of the profits from the peak returns on their investments in joint ventures and joint ventures. In recent years, investment in joint ventures and joint ventures by companies 2024q1-3 has been marked by a decline in the general sales of upper and upper steam in recent years.
The Shanghai public has three major brands, namely, Audi, the public, and Scota. After 2018, the upswings were slow in the transformation of new energy sources, with insufficient production capacity and new energy capabilities, and were affected by a number of factors, such as the bottom-of-the-college test in 2019.
Mass sales amounted to 1148,000 vehicles, down significantly from 2.02 million in 2019, while capacity utilization fell from 104% in 2019 to 58% in 2023. The fall in sales and the effects of increased competition in the market resulted in only net profits for upper gas in 2023.
85% of the year fell to 53% in 2023. At the same time, in 2023, the net return to the mother was 2.540 billion yuan, a decrease from $5.58 billion in 2022.
Automobile brands such as Mitsubishi, which together sold 2,113,000 vehicles in 2024, a decrease of 12.8 per cent in the same year, with 707,000 vehicles sold in 2024, a decrease of 28.3 per cent in the same year; smart-ass brands, as representatives of high-end new energy sources, performed well, with 66,000 vehicles sold in 2024, nearly doubled in the same year; and upper-air Mitsubishi.
Since 2018, sales have been declining, dragging up the overall sales of auto-owned brands, and in 2024, the annual sales of vans were 134,000, a significant decrease compared to 206,000 in 2018. On the export side, through extensive cooperation, uplifts have become the country’s first automobile enterprise, the “whole chain of industry out of the sea.”
Various marketing services have opened up eight international routes, including South-East Asia, Mexico, South America, West America, and Europe. On export sales, the upper-carbon group ranked first in China ' s vehicle exports in 2016-2023, with the title 2019-2023 in the top five consecutive years of China ' s single-brand exports, accounting for about 70% of the upper-car group ' s overseas sales, and in 2024 it was countersubsidized by the EU.
Impacts such as tax policy, short-term pressure on the Monsignor's overseas sales, followed by recovery, are expected.
At the 3.1 policy level, strong support was given to the transition from trickle-down to big, and the core management changes were largely completed.
The automotive industry is an important part of our economy, and according to the report of the China Automotive Productivity Development Survey, the automobile industry is now China’s first economic pillar, with a total production chain of about 10% of the country’s gdp weight. In recent years, the car industry’s power-smart transformation has been moving fast, but the transition has been slow, and the new energy market has been a slow one.
The low rate of municipal participation, which is an important state-owned asset among the major economic pillars, has been supported by a number of statements and policies: 1) the test method is optimized, and the Director of the National Council for Finance, Zhang Yuzhao, stated at the People's Congress “Minister Road” that the policy is to be adjusted to break the constraints of the validation mechanism on the development of the business, and that the three central automobile enterprises are to be evaluated separately for new energy vehicles; 2) the enterprise's new energy transformation is to be accelerated.
The Deputy Director of the National Investment Commission (NCC) said at the China Electronic Automobile 100 Forum (2024) that the central enterprise development of new energy vehicles was not fast enough to be effective, and that there was an urgent need to accelerate and catch up in areas such as product competitiveness, market ownership, forward-lookingness, leadership and technological innovation; (3) industrial resource integration and market value management, December 2024, SNC and Shanghai.
Issuance of Opinions on Improving and Strengthening the Management of Market Values of Central Enterprise Holdings, Guidance on Further Deepening the Reform of State-owned Enterprises in My City, with emphasis on the consolidation of the resources of relevant industries and on the management of market value of holding companies; 4) Shanghai City Council Municipality attaches great importance to the development of the upper gas blocs, and Shanghai City Council Secretary Chen Ji Ning Chen, Deputy Secretary of the City Council and Mayor Gong is in 2023,
In November 2024, after three ad hoc research missions were conducted by the Steaming Group, Chen Jiining pointed out that the Steam Group, as the product of the country’s reforms and the head of the automobile industry, needed to gather a high degree of self-consciousness to further and fully deepen the reforms and accelerate the process of transformational development. All the relevant sectors of the city must work together and pool their efforts to further develop a strong synergy in support of strong transformational development.
In November 2024, Chen Qingning and Gong are on the way to launching their research.
In July 2024, the group announced the retirement of the former chairman of the group, Mr. Chen Xiaoqiu, the former president of the group, Mr. Wang Xiaoqiu, and the former vice president, Mr. Jaa Jian Xu, as the company’s president.
In February 2025, the Autobot Group reissued the Circular on the appointment and dismissal of executives on board, using a full-time competition.
In general, the new management of the group has tended to rejuvenate, with a combination of “technology plus marketing”, which is the upper steam, the major organizational changes that the group is expected to make in response to the new energy wave and the power-smart transition, and changes in the pattern of the automobile market.
3.2 Joint venture brand transformation: During the 2.0 era of the title joint venture, active embrace of intelligence, home-grown development, up to 90 per cent of the net profits of the upper-mortality conglomerates, and in recent years the slow transition of electric intelligence and increased competition in the market, among other factors
In order to find the best way to develop a joint venture in the context of the new era, the general public is actively promoting its own intelligence and localization; in the same way, with its own powerful technological reserves in the field of smart motorization, the upper-mortality group is also actively engaged in a backsliding of joint venture brands, leading China.
Market brands have moved to the era of joint ventures of 2.0, with the general public extending the period of joint ventures to start joint ventures of 2.0 and leading China's joint ventures in the automotive industry into a new era from “technology introduction” to “technology creation”
1) Extending the duration of the joint venture and deepening strategic cooperation. In November 2024, the upper-car consortium signed an extension of the joint-venture agreement with the mass motorist group, which was extended to 2040, and Obomou, the chairman of the board of directors of the mass-car group, stressed that it would continue to take root and anchor “target 2030” to capture the high ground of the age of smart trams.
2) Embrace electric intelligence and promote product transformation. In the next joint venture, new energy vehicles will be the focus. Since then, two compact electric cars, based on a cmp platform built specifically for the Chinese market, will be marketed for the first time, with three plugs in, and two hybrid and two incremental models will be marketed in 2030.
Fifteen of these will be developed specifically for the Chinese market. 3) The elimination of backward capacity and the expansion of marketing channels.
The plan was adjusted to create “electric production centres, research and development innovation centres, and smart manufacturing centres.” At the same time, the crowd plans to continue to strengthen the network of distributors, which currently stands at about 900, and at about 220, with a plan to increase the number of networks by 2025, with a total of 100 points to be phased out.
Figure 26: Upper Odieudi Pure Electric Concept Vehicle Up: Focus on “Good, New” to innovatively lead joint ventures 10,000 vehicles, fast recovery in health of channels, significant improvements in the profitability of distributors and realization of the benefits of Upstream General.
Reheating, 2024q4, whose profits have been restored. 2) New energy and intelligence parallel to technology-driven business transformation. In 2025, the new generation of super-integrated vehicle structures will be at the core of a new generation of super-integrated vehicles that will fully advance the ALT 2.0 multi-dimensional drive, the new generation of smart cabin platforms, the new generation of intelligent drivers, and the new generation of intelligent drivers Ping.
The architecture, which is designed for the Chinese market, combines advanced technologies, such as body, chassis, power mix and electronic racks, and supports a variety of power forms, such as pure electricity, mixing, and incremental processes, and provides a strong support for future product development. 3) Embrace electric intelligence and drive product transformation.
At the same time, it will achieve 100% localization of all vehicle-based digitalization functions, from product definition to intelligent functionality, all designed around Chinese customers, further improving user experience.
4. In January 2025, the upper gas group issued a bulletin on the readiness of joint ventures to devalue their assets. It announced that, in response to market challenges, the group had taken a business restructuring exercise to assess stable market shares and focused profitability. The net profits of the company’s shareholders were estimated at $7.87 billion, while the long-term equity investment value of the company on board was expected to be reduced to about $7.87 billion.
Figure 27: APP core system 3.3 Automobiles: brand integration, technology bottom upgrades, intellectual enhancement of system-wide drive 1) hands in fists, glory, flying vans merge, sounding the first shot of the integration campaign. October 2024, Cars were launched on board.
The car rides are going to lead to a great deal of power, dreams to blend, promises to ride, and the merger will combine the formal officers of the Bronze and Feifan brands to put more electro-intelligent technologies on the new model, to bring the marketing dimension back to the users, and to move back to the high-end sequences of the Brethren after the merger. The future will be full-scale in the area of pure electricity and commingling. As of October 2024, there are 35 Eunway Shops,
The group then announced the formation of five companies, namely, Car Co. (Ring Waifan, Monsignor), Steam International, R & D General Institute, Zero Light Technology, and Travel Abroad, as “Big Car Blocks” with the CEO personally in charge of the executive board; and, at the research and development level, they will be wise and flying.
All R & D operations are integrated into the General Research and Development Institute, where new products are integrated from creation to overall development, and technology projects such as power cells, smart drivers, chassis, etc., will be concentrated in the integrated management of upper-air R & D. In January 2025, at the first conference of executives, Ja Man Xing said that the reorganization of the upper-car block had already taken the first step of a reform siege.
2) Building on a deep technological build-up, the upper gas "Seven Technology Bases" has been upgraded to 2.0. In May 2024, the second generation of "Technology Bases" was officially launched, containing three full-car technology bases and four key systems bases, full-scale capacity for the branding of the brands under the flag, a new exclusive electrical series platform, and the application of the cable-controlled digital chassis has raised the response time of the whole car by 40% and the whole vehicle by 40%.
A 20% rise in border stabilization. The new Everest machine and power integration architecture, with a global market, a global view, a full-time view, and a maximum power conversion efficiency of more than 3.75kwh/l, is significantly superior to the level of mainstream competition in the industry, while achieving high and low levels of emissions, as the first Chinese car company to achieve carbon emissions of less than 100g/km in Europe, and a full product of the Everest architecture under the upper flag.
Emissions in full-sized Europe and Europe. The new Star River integrated car structure, which focuses on the use of hydrogen fuel cells by vehicle, and the first option for incremental hydrogen fuel cells by vehicle, truly achieves “carbon zero emissions.” The new Blue Core mixed power system, which combines the heat efficiency of the exclusive engine, reaches 46.3 per cent, and the hybrid transformer is based on a completely new configuration.
A two-axis program, the new Energy Control Area Control, will achieve a more accurate transfer of heat, chemical, electrical, and mechanical energy, and a further 10% increase in the efficiency of the mixed power system. A new Green Core power system, with a unique grid-formulated cooling technology, will achieve ultra-high power power density of more than 9.5 kw/kq, with system power density rising to 4.4 kw/kq, leading the industry average.
At least 40%. A new version of the Cube cell, a new generation of fully-stated batteries, with energy density exceeding 400 wh/kq, a volume energy density exceeding 820wh/l, and in the context of needles and 200°C hot tanks, ensures that the core does not explode, that the solid-state battery has low temperature and a capacity retention rate of more than 90%.
The center-of-the-car coordinated motion controller (vmc) is developed in a coordinated manner and fully supports the end-side application of the big model and the launch of the country’s first-ever L3 autopilot solution for mass production.
To the intuitive evolution of the "intuitive" system, which first injects an artificial intelligence-generated intuition into the "intuitive" of the new generation. And based on the "a model of intuition-to-intuitive driving" created jointly by the "intuitive car" and the "momenta model", which has become the first brand in the industry to have the capacity to drive intelligently at the same time as the "l2,l3,l4" level, the model has the "Longer" of the industry.
The short-term memory model, a unique structure that, while saving model training costs by 10-100 times, dramatically increases the speed of rotation and gives the product a "expert-level intuition." The class of robotaxi, class I4, which can be developed with the intelligence of the upper races, is operating in Shanghai, Suzhou and Shenzhen, with a planning drive of up to 4 million kilometres, with the Vice-President of the upper consortium and the Chief Engineer, Jo-Jae, saying that the upper steam plan will be released by the end of 2026.
On the smart chassis, the upper-gas group, with the industry-initiated central coordinated transport control platform (vmc), has once again demonstrated remarkable innovation. Vmc combines cutting, back-wheeling, four-wheel dry embreathing, four-wheel power drive, and power hold-and-suspension power with advanced technology that integrates the brakes, drivers, turnovers, suspensions, etc.
Yes, central control of 6 degrees of freedom (up, down, around).
In February 2025, the upper steam group signed a deep cooperation agreement with China in Shanghai. The parties will work together strategically in the areas of product definition, manufacturing, supply chain management, and marketing services to build new and new energy smart cars. According to the Pacific Automobile Network, the upper steam group and China have designated the deep collaboration brand “Shanghai” and the first model is expected to be sold at a price of between 15 and 250,000 dollars, which is expected to be the fourth price in 2025.
Quarterly listings have effectively filled the gap in the market that must be filled in the immediate future. Unlike the previously clear division of labour between the two partners, this time China needed to integrate more deeply with the upper-gas group, and, on the one hand, the built-up "Seven Technology Bases" (e.g. Cube Battery, Nebula Platform) provided the bottom support for the entire car, forming a "soft one."
On the other hand, China’s seamless ecological connection and China’s intellectual “class decisions” are designed to satisfy the interest of young users in science and technology. China’s joint research and development with upper steam can fully integrate the two sides’ superior resources, or it will reach “1+1>2” at the deep cooperation signing ceremony, where the upper steam group states that this time it will open up strategic cooperation with China to further exploit its respective strengths.
The Chinese automobile industry will move to new heights in the age of intelligence. Both teams will be deeply integrated, working together, exploring new ways to innovate in intelligent automobile technology and business models.
(a) The company's operating income and the Māori rate are projected to be as follows:
Trade and other operations: Due to overseas policy uncertainty, the Māori rate of group trade and other operations is expected to decline slightly, and we expect the financial business: due to the expected slight decrease in the Māori rate of related operations such as automobile finance, as a result of the decline in the Group’s share of vehicle sales, I chose the Jianan car, the Biandi company as a comparable company, based on a cut-off price on 19 March 2025.
Table 5: Comparison of comparative corporate valuation The automobile industry sells less than expected risk: the company ' s main business is car-based R & D, manufacturing and marketing, if there is a decline in sales in the automobile industry, an increase in price wars, or will have a negative impact on the company ' s production operations;
The new energy transformation is not as risky as expected: companies are actively engaged in new energy transformations, but face adverse factors such as the historical burden of joint ventures and the slowness of new energy conversions, or have a negative impact on corporate transformation as a whole. External cooperation is less risky than expected: companies work with China’s smart-selection model, but cooperative brands may face intense competition.
Overseas exports are at risk of policy implications: companies have a higher volume of overseas exports, trade disputes have intensified in recent years, and overseas national policies have limited or will have an adverse impact on their vehicle exports.
Cars, parts and components have a well-developed research framework and are good at exploiting investment opportunities through upstream and downstream industrial changes.
Xu Guofang, Assistant Research Assistant in the Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Applied Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, 2023, added in part, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.