State Enterprise Reform Model, Deepening the Power-Intelligent Technology Reverseable Period (600104.sh)
• The path to transition has been firmly supported by the Shanghai City Government, and top-down management changes have continued to drive the transition, and companies have been under pressure in recent years because of the slow pace of the transition with electric intelligence. But, as the head of a Shanghai automobile, the company is highly valued by the Shanghai City, and Shanghai departments will fully support the transition.
The new leadership is rejuvenated and experienced in marketing, technology, seaboarding, and supply chains. In the future, under the leadership of the new leadership, corporate joint ventures and autonomous brands are expected to stay firm, underpinned by the Seven Technology Bases and working with China.
The company has launched the “Seven Technology Bases,” which have produced technology such as solid-state batteries since 2024, and will be able to give up to 30 cars over the next two years, while working with excellent technology suppliers such as Huaieng, Momenta, and others. With the support of core technology, corporate brands will be home-grown, and autonomous brands will enhance technology empowerment:
In addition, it will focus on high-profit products and promote the Audi brand, Audi5l will carry high-end intellectual driving skills and audi will build a lot of luxury smart electric cars; (2) after the G.I.S. took the initiative to go to the vault in 2024, ten electric cars will be pushed in 2025; and (3) Ronway will drive more technology like the dmh hybrid system to get in the car.
Flying Van will, when he returns to Eureval, introduce a mix or booster vehicle and collaborate with him in the supply chain, marketing, etc. to achieve a solid-state battery, with a marked increase in the value of the post-discovery value, and will launch an incremental vehicle in the future; (5) the Lord will launch a solid-state battery, mix or booster in 2025, and will actively promote the intelligence of the tanker.
● Outwards: For many years in a row, the first volume of overseas sales will drive more power-driven forms such as blending, hev, etc. For many years in a row, the first volume of overseas sales will be made by companies.
At the same time, companies are actively developing markets such as AUSCANZ, the Middle East, South America, and ASEAN, with more regional Hev models around the world. Under the umbrella of Angie Logistics, companies have an advantage in safeguarding export capacity and reducing exit costs.
Recapitulation history: the lead in the fuel-car era, the slow pace of the electric transition, the performance of 1.1, the country's leading car listing companies, moving from joint ventures to autonomous development, the country's leading car fleet, which goes through the full-scale phase, the joint venture phase, and the self-employment phase.
In 2023, the group sold 5.02 million cars in the country, maintaining the country's first in 18 consecutive years. The development of the complex was divided into three important development periods, namely, initial deployment, joint ventures, and autonomous development: (1) entry into the entire stage.
Para.: In 1958, the first Phoenix car was successfully tested at the Shanghai Automotive assembly plant, where a "zero" break in the Shanghai auto industry was made, which opened the door to the launch of the car; (2) the joint venture phase: 1978, which was called for reform and opening up, chose the path to the development of foreign capital and the introduction of technology.
The gas has chosen the German public as a partner in creating a Shanghai mass company to manufacture a Santana model in China, which the general public sells best in the United States. However, while Santana is now fully assembled in the country, its parts and components are basically imported, at a cost of nearly $200,000 per vehicle, far above the level of domestic consumption at that time, and there is an imminent need to nationalize them.
As a result, the upper gas company, the Shanghai Ironforth Axis, etc., took about 10 years to complete the domestication of Santana’s parts and components. In 1997, the upper gas company and the general air company were set up, and in 2000 the Schenwör passenger vehicle was set up with Volvo, and the joint venture brand made a significant contribution to the development of the automobile business in the lead-up period; and (3) autonomy.
In 2007, with the collaboration of the upper and the south, the upper air was branded: in 2020, the wise-ass brand was created, and in 2021, the flying-fan brand was founded. In addition, the company created companies such as Helium Technology, Zero-Track Technology, which are active in the development of electric smart technologies. In addition, the company uses brand names to achieve overseas ownership, including in Europe.
In 2022, uplifts were the first to become China's first new energy vehicle, the overseas market, a “two million businesses”, and in 2023 they were re-innovated, with successful results on the path to auto-innovation. The upper-gas group’s operations included full vehicles, spare parts, mobile mobility and services, finance, international operations, innovation and technology.
For example, in 2023, the share of the whole vehicle, spare parts and parts, was 67.9 per cent and 24.6 per cent respectively. The total number of plates was: two plates, one by car and the other by commercial car. (1) In the case of cars, the company consisted mainly of two sections, namely, joint ventures (larger, common) and autonomy (on board vehicles, one by car, one by Mitsubishi, and one by intellectual self).
Mainly high, medium, low-end Audi, public, and Scorda brands. Commons include medium-high, medium-end, low-end Cadillacs, Berk, and Chevyland brands. In autonomous plates, one of the leading brands focuses on price segments below 300,000, with sales growing rapidly and becoming upwards in 2016-2018.
In the meantime, Flying Van has been trying to make an electro-intelligent transformation, leading the upwards of the brand, since its graduation from glory in 2021, but because of the difficulty of selling it, it was re-incorporated in 2024: the brand name was born in the United Kingdom, and in 2007 it was placed in the upper class, with a focus on prices below 200,000.
Ten thousand, five years in a row, China's Single Brand Export Champion, leading the process of steaming out of the sea. 2 Up there, with Mitsubishi from upper gas (50.1% shareholding), General and Guangxi Automobile Group, which is a joint venture focusing on the vehicle market in the lower than 200,000 price segments, and has 2,800 distribution points in the country, covering 98% of the municipalities and 79% of the counties.
City, number one, Internet cover industry. Among them, the Mitsubishi brand red and silver labels continue the Mitsubishi tradition of car manufacturing, respectively, and became the first Chinese car company to invest in Indonesia in the first time in the country, and the Chinese brand of automobiles was set up overseas for the first time to build independently of its own resources and to produce all kinds of overseas exports. The 3 wise-ass brands are from Shanghai, Zhang Jiang Goko and Ali.
The new user smart car brand, built by Baba in 2020, focuses mainly on the 200,000-300,000 price slots, and co-leads the brand upwards with Feifan. In terms of the composition of sales, in recent years, there has been a significant increase in the share of auto ownership and vehicle sales, which in 2024 were 17.6 per cent, 33.4 per cent and the share of car sales in Mitsubishi, the public in joint ventures, and the general public.
Parts and components plate: mainly engines, gear boxes, chassis, electronics, brakes, interiors, etc. The subsidiary’s Chinese automobile products cover interior and interior accessories, metal formations and moldings, functional devices, etc.
The country has a high market share of products, which in 2023 were collected and returned to the mother-to-child net, amounting to $1686 billion and $7.2 billion, respectively. Figure 2: The upper-air business covers, inter alia, whole cars, spare parts, mobile mobility and services, finance, international operations, innovation and technology, and figure 3: the upper and lower end of the upper-flagged joint-venture brand, the upper and upper end of the upper end of the Volkswaged brand, the upper end of the Audi, the Cadillac brands.
Fig. 4: Merit, Monsignor, Mitsubishi, Boone, medium- and low-end, intellectual, middle- and upper-end, 1.2, electric intelligence, slow transition, sales since 2018, performance pressure.
By 2018, sales by popular, common, Mitsubishi and other brands had continued to be fast, with thousands of carr as high as 11.1%, but starting in 2018, the automobile industry began to decline, with a clear impact on up-market sales. At the same time, starting in 2019, the automobile industry entered a critical period of development in the transition to electric motorization, while the company started to do so.
New energy technologies and vehicle layouts are relatively slow, and sales are further pressured. Specifically, the sale of joint branded fuel cars, such as corporate public and common brands, has dropped significantly, and the market has been relatively flat since the popular id series of new energy cars, falling to $14,106 million in 2023. In 2024, the motorization process in the automobile industry continued at a rapid pace.
Inwards, intelligent growth, the company ' s joint-venture branded fuel vehicle continues to be significantly hit, with sales of new energy vehicles increasing from 677,000 to 1,282,000, with a capr as high as 161.3 per cent, overseas sales 1.2.1, joint-venture plates: 90 per cent of profits at peak, and the contribution of the public and general sales has declined in recent years.
The profits of the joint venture peaked at about 90%, which in recent years has been affected by a decline in public, generic sales, and by a sharp decline in profit contributions, with joint ventures earning less than 50% of the profits from their investments in the first three quarters of 2024. Until 2018, the company’s profits had been affected by the continued increase in the public, generic equivalent sales, and by the need for an autonomous brand to be released.
In particular, the investment returns of the joint venture started in 2019 in 2010 and, with the decline in sales of the joint venture and the gradual spread of the autonomous brand, the investment returns of the joint venture continued to decline in the first three quarters of 2024, with the profit contribution falling to 47.3 per cent.
The profits continue to decline rapidly. The upper mass flag includes Scota, the general public, Audi brands, which are the main sales support. In 2009-2018, the annual sales of the upper mass rose rapidly from 728,000 to 2.065,000, with billions of dollars. But, starting in 2018, the upper mass began to experience less than expected, less productive, and so on.
The problem is that, against the backdrop of the overall decline in the industry and the accelerated penetration of new energy vehicles, sales in 2023 were already worth hundreds of millions. In 2024, corporate single-car prices were raised as a result of a decline in sales of Audi brands to a lesser extent than popular ones.
Similar to the upper-gas public, up-scaling was a fast-growing period of gold development until 2017, with sales rising from 728,000 vehicles in 2009 to 200.0 million in 2017, up from 13.5 per cent for cagr, which led to up-swinging, home-to-home net profits. But as the automobile industry began to drop, competition increased.
In 2024, new energy vehicles continued to loot their share of the fuel vehicle market, and the uplifting of the stock had led to a further decline in the scale effect, which was even lost in the first half of 2024. However, because of the high end of the upper gas brand, Cady, the high end of the high-end brand,
The sales volume is relatively stable, with lower- and middle-end brands Buick and Chevrolem leading to an improvement in the overall distribution structure, with a continuous increase in the average car price. In the context of the general and voluntary reduction of the load, sales are expected to be 1.2.2, the autonomous plate: Winnie, the continuing power of the Lord to drive up the volume of car sales in 2024, with some pressure on it.
By 2023, the up-scaling auto-car sales in the auto self-platforms were well under way, the upscaling of the upscaling car-car sales was under pressure, and in 2024, the higher weights of the upscaling self-dealing plates were driven by increased industry competition, export volatility, and the higher weights of the sales pressure added to the new energy brand input, leading to a loss of upscaling. The upscaling autonomy plates can be divided into up-scaling vehicles (including the Glows).
Vi, Vi, Monsignor, Flying Fan, etc., upper-air Mitsubishi, and smart-ass cars. Until 2018, up-loaded cars (pre-opposite, driven by the increase in the increase in the volume of franchise sales, and later by the increase in the volume of the exports of the title) and up-voltaic Mitsubishi sales continued to grow, from 9.0/1065 million in 2009 to 52.2/2150 million in 2017, respectively, driving up the motor autonomy plate.
At first, the sales of the upper-air vehicle continued to grow well, rising to 986,000 in 2023, but the sales of the diamond started to decline to 1.43 million in 2023, adding new energy items such as intellectuals, flying vans, and the large volume of inputs, which has not yet generated a significant volume of sales, leading to a sharp decline in profits and even to the emergence of autonomous plates.
In 2024, as a result of a drop in sales, the net profits of the upper auto self-autonomous plate fell further, and by the third quarter of 2024, Emeritus: from 2016 to 2018, the market began to pick up fast, and sales began to decline in 2019, owing to strong competition in the industry and insufficient product capacity. In July 2016, Eunway launched the Rx5 model, positioning each other.
On the one hand, the domestic automobile industry experienced a decline between 2018 and 2020, and the suv market competition continued.
On the other hand, while companies continue to roll out new products, follow-on sales such as rx3 and rx8 are far less than rx5 and less than their own product power. At the same time, the lack of growth in the online car market in recent years has had a clear impact on prosperity.
Against the backdrop of rapid industrial development, Eunwei launched the high-end new energy vehicle market in 2018, including marvelx, but the sales were weak. After only a year of the mid-end brand "r" mark in 2020, the business was brought up to become a "flying car", further limiting the development of the new energy vehicle business.
In particular, the location of the car created a restriction on the company’s brand to enter the 2c market, which has been under pressure in recent years. Flying Van: Sales from the brand have been weak since its independence, and have now returned to the brand.
The R brand under the flag of Eung Wai has come out to create a flying van brand to take up the high-end new energy vehicle market, leading up the brand. But none of it has sold more than 5,000 cars since its inception, either the original marvel r and er6 or the subsequent roll-out of r7 and f7, even more so since February 2024.
An analysis of the weak sales, the low brand visibility and the size of new brand channels are important reasons. To reduce the waste of resources, Flying stock has now returned to the system of glory, promising to boost the market for new high-end energy vehicles in the prestigious brand layout.
The brand itself originated in the United Kingdom and was acquired from the South Gas Group. Since 2015, the number of title sales has increased rapidly, with global annual sales rapidly rising from 298,000 in 2019 to 840,000 in 2023.
The main driving force behind the recent growth in sales of motor vehicles has been the mgzs, mg6, mghs, mg5, mg pilotage, mgone, etc. Substructured by the strong competition in the domestic market, the dominant has performed relatively poorly, but has taken advantage of the genes of the British brand and its original channels.
More specifically, the number of titles sold in the domestic market fell from 159,000 in 2019 to 100,000 in 2023, with the influence of short-term pressure on the titles’ overseas sales, but the expectation is that the follow-up recovery will be visible.
After the launch, sales improved significantly in 2024. After the creation of the brain, the market for high-end new energy vehicles was highlighted, but because of shortcomings in branding, visibility, channel size, etc., the high positioning of the L7 and Ls7 models that had been rolled out in the previous period led to a negative sales position. But with the second half of 2023, Ls6 and the first half of 2024, for example, the value and value of these items was higher and higher.
The roll-out of cars that can be further enhanced, and the accumulation of brand names, etc., was the year 2024 of smart-selling, the year-on-the-year peak of more than 2 million vehicles, and the decline in sales since 2018, influenced by the relative saturation and competition of the mini-car market. Prior to 2017, the wind-up of the wind-up Mitsubishi was able to sell fast-growing gold hair.
The annual sales were increased from 1.65 million vehicles in 2009 to a peak of 2,150 million vehicles in 2017, or 9.2 per cent in cagr, leading to a peak of $105.51 million in the net return profit of Mitsubishi in 2017. But, beginning in 2018, as the domestic minibus market began to saturategize and competition continued, the sales of Mitsubishi began to decline.
By 2023, it had fallen to 1.43 million. In 2024, Mitsubishi sales continued to decline, but the benefits of the old new policy have increased the sales of mini-new energy vehicles to a lesser extent. Meanwhile, with years of branding and technology, the average price of bicycles has increased steadily, and profitability is expected to improve.
2. The path to transition has been firmly supported by the government, and management changes have continued to drive the determination 2.1. The National Finance Committee has repeatedly stressed the urgency of the transformation of the country’s entrepreneurship, the power of Shanghai’s municipal authorities, the slow pace of development of the state-owned new energy vehicle business, and the urgency of the transformation of the entrepreneurship of the country’s entrepreneurship.
In recent years, the motorization of the automobile industry has been moving rapidly, but local companies such as the one-gas, the east wind, the three largest automobile companies of Chang An, and the upper-air and wide-air vehicles have been slow to follow up, while the fuel-drilling operations have been hit more sharply. For example, in 2023, one-gas, east wind, and long-air accounted for about 30 per cent of the total sales of the automobile industry, but they account for about 30 per cent of the market in the country ' s new energy vehicle market.
The rates are only 2.5%, 5.5%, and 5.1%, respectively, below the industry-wide average penetration rate. The automobile industry is one of the most important components of the economy, and the country’s capital is an important part of State-owned assets, which are highly valued by the state and local governments.
On March 16, 2024, the Deputy Director-General of the National Finance Committee, Quint, expressed his intention to deepen and deepen the reform of state-owned enterprises, and to explore all policies and initiatives that would facilitate the introduction of the new energy vehicle business. At the same time, market value management is one of the areas to which the National Finance Committee currently attaches great importance.
On January 25th, 2024, the State Finance Committee of the State Council expressed its intention to include market value management in the performance appraisal of corporate corporate corporate responsibility, thereby strengthening positive incentives.
Since then, automobile manufacturing has accounted for about 20% of total industrial output above Shanghai. As a result of slow growth in the new energy sector, automobile production and rankings have declined significantly since Shanghai in 2023.
This month, the gap between the production of new energy vehicles in Shanghai and that of Guangdong in the first largest province widened, and, according to hundreds of millions of Euros, production of new energy vehicles in Shanghai is not expected to increase significantly in 2025.
On the 26th of January, the Shanghai City Council Secretary Chen Gilning, the Deputy Secretary of the City Council and Mayor Gong are on their way to launch a special study. Chen Ji Ningin said that new changes were taking place in the automobile market, and that the traditional track and the expansion of the new track market needed to be firmly consolidated.
In line with high-end, smart, greener, new energy sources and smart network motors, increasing innovative inputs, acquiring more core competitive key technologies, shaping more brand recognition and technologically leading niche products. The relevant sectors of the city need to combine the focus on "services"
The implementation of the “Backet” system provides policy guidance and support for the innovation transformation and quality development of up-to-date groups: Gong also pointed out that up-to-date groups need to remain strategically focused, strengthen their crisis awareness, make every effort to win the innovation transformation battle, and make a greater contribution to stable growth across the city.
Ge, in an effort to take the new track, and move out of the new path. To strengthen brand differentiation, and create a more representative and branded model. (2) On November 11, 2024, Shanghai City Council Secretary Chen Ji Ning, Deputy City Council Secretary and Mayor Gong are back on their way to the steaming group to study the topic.
Focusing on domestic markets and the development of new energy vehicles promotes systemic reforms. In keeping with the trend of high-end, intelligent, greening the automobile industry, correcting the relationships between the various business sectors in order to enhance innovation in areas such as management, marketing, organizational set-up, and business culture.
To build a strong synergy in support of firm transformational development, and to ensure the successful implementation of the reform tasks. Gong also indicated that the upper-mortality group is to promote group restructuring, business re-engineering, the re-establishment of its advantages, the continuous upgrading of its capabilities and nuclear competitiveness, and to play a leading military role in the construction of a world-class automobile industry centre in Shanghai.
In the area of accelerating the development of the development and manufacture of automobiles, core parts and components, and innovation in the provision of automobile services. In line with the trend towards industrial development, accelerating the concentration at the higher end of the industrial chain and the value chain.
In response to the call of the Shanghai City Municipality to launch a comprehensive reform process, the Deputy Secretary and Mayor Gon are conducting a study on the subject.
Wang Xiaoqiu, the chairman of the upper-steam group, said that the upper-steam group had the heavy burden of steady industrial growth in Shanghai, and that the battle for full-scale deepening of the reform must be won. Wang Xiaoqiu said that the upper-steam comprehensive reform programme included the “five strategic tasks” and the “five pillars”
Keys initiative.” Five of the strategic tasks are: (1) to optimize the business structure with an autonomous brand at its core; (2) to optimize the product structure with the use of smart technology as its key; (3) to optimize the layout structure with the domestic market as its basis; (4) to enhance the system's strengths around the entire vehicle ownership; and (5) to develop the industry's ecology by self-research, cooperation and outreach.
Key initiatives: (i) to highlight the business as a whole, leading to the upgrading of the transition; (ii) to implement a lean body with a focus on the main business; (iii) to upgrade development performance and strengthen core competitiveness; (iv) to strengthen business synergies and leverage the advantages of the industrial chain; and (v) to strengthen the pool of talent to stimulate motivation and dynamism.
Making change work is a solid step towards building world-class cars. 2.2, top-down management change, leadership rejuvenation, but marketing experience, top-down management change, new leadership rejuvenation, marketing, technology, marketing, etc.
The new leadership is rejuvenated and has a wealth of experience in marketing, technology, seaboarding, supply chain, etc. With the new leadership, the company is expected to be in a joint venture and autonomous branding of electric intelligence.
The upper steam group: former President Wang Xiaoqiu was elected Chairman, former Vice-President Xu was elected President, and wise Xu, and then the Faifan brand ceo was promoted Vice-President.
On July 10, the upper steam group announced that the former president, Chen Yong, had retired and the former president, Wang Xiaoqiu, had become president, and the former vice president, Ja Xiaoqiu, had become president.
(1) Chairman Wang Xiaoqiu has been working for 35 years and has had experience in various sectors such as quality, procurement, technology, production, and spare parts under the upper steam system. The biggest highlight of his early career is his involvement in the acquisition of British Luvgent in the early 21st century.
In 2014, Wang Xiaoqiu was promoted to the post of Vice-President of the Steaming Group and Chief Executive Officer of the Steam Car. At that time, the amount of the vehicle sold was under considerable pressure, as Wang Xiaoqi raised the product strength of Yong Wai and mg. In 2015, Wang Xiaoqi raised the product strength of Wang Xiaoqi.
Autumn proposed the “3 Ones” strategy, the first Internet Suv Eunweirx5, the new brands "mg6" and "mg" for overseas expansion. In 2016, Eunweirx5, using the first Internet car, which is a super-previous concept, fueled the motor vehicle to open the way to the rise and actively moved towards a transition to electric intelligence. In addition, Wang Xiaoqiu is very interested in the upper steam self-inflicted.
The main brand's overseas expansion route, when it became the CEO of the Group in early 2019, emphasized that the upper steam was going to become a global brand, while the mg was going to become a leader in the external layout of the business. (2) President Jaqin-suk was born in 1978 to be known for his European business and to be known for his long-strength adornmenting and magnifying.
In 2018, Jia Kensuk was the director of the company's long-scrambing industry, which helped the company to achieve a full landing of its smart cabin products and set up more than 200 production and research bases around the world.
Earth. In 2023, Jia Kensuk became the general manager of the Volkswagen public, proposing a "cruiser, steady tram, go to Audi" needles, while stabilizing the traditional fuel-car market while pushing the layout of new energy products, making the new energy vehicle sales of the Volkswagen the number one in the joint venture brands in recent years.
On December 22, 2023, the upper steaming group announced that it would be appointed Vice President of the group.
Top-up leaders, reflecting the importance that upper-mortality groups attach to the new energy and intelligence sectors. The upper-motivator: Tao Hailong, Director-General of Chinese Motors, has been replaced by the secretary-general and director-general of the party committee, a marketing manager and a sales executive, and a sales company director-general.
On July 18, 2024, the Automotive Group announced that Tau Hailong, the former Director-General of Chinese Automobiles, would take over the post of Director-General of the Volkswagen Popular Party. On August 14, 2024, the Director-General of Volkswagen.
It has been announced that Tau Hailong, General Manager of the Volkswagen Popular Party, is also Secretary of the Volkswagen Popular Party, while Fuqiang, Executive Director of the Volkswagen Public Marketing and Executive Director of the Volkswagen Public Marketing and Marketing Company, has been the General Manager of the Volkswagen Popular Marketing Company. (1) Tao Hailong, General Manager, has worked in the Automobile Industry for more than 30 years and has worked in the Public Quality Protection Department and the Manufacturing Department on a permanent basis.
Since then, Tao Hailong has been the executive director and deputy chief executive officer of the Department of Vehicle Quality Protection, promoting the successful development of a global-oriented international quality standards system for autonomous brands. Since then, Tau Hailong has also been the chief executive officer of the Chinese automobile, building up a wealth of experience in managing the parts and components supply chain operations.
In the area of auto manufacturing and quality control, Tauhairon is familiar with the entire system of supply chains for cars and spare parts. Once again, it returns to the general public, and will lead the general public to speed up the movement up and down and build a new automobile industry Ecolink: accelerate the transformation of new energy sources in Audi and popular brands.
(2) The marketing company ' s general manager, Fuqiang, entered the public domain in 1999, was a department manager, manager of the power matrix and platform management, manager of the public brand id. marketing department, executive director of the public branding business, etc., and was involved in the formation of the id. pure electrical marketing system and in promoting changes in the public branding system.
In addition to the job, you're familiar with the entire business process of the public.
On August 9, 2024, the General Assembly announced that Lu Xiao, Executive Deputy General Manager of the former Pan-Asian Motor Technology Centre, would take over from the General Manager of the former Pan-Asian Motor Technology Centre, Wang, Executive Deputy General Manager of the Pan-Asian Motor Technology Centre, would take over from the crane to the Executive Deputy General Manager of the Pan-Asian Auto-Technology Centre.
The assistant president of the group, Chai Bing, joined the General Party Committee again as secretary of the General Party. At the same time, the former Vice-Director General of the General Air Force 5 of the General Air Force took over as Deputy General Director of the General Air Force, Xue Haitao, responsible for marketing.
In 1993, Chai Bin became a member of the Automotive Group, followed by the Department of Management, the General Manager’s Office, and the Ministry of Markets.
In 2009, Chai Bin took up the post of Deputy General Manager and Director General of the Ministry of Quality and Economic Operations of the upper steam group.
Upon his return, Lu Xiao was involved as a project engineer in important projects such as Bekker’s New Century, Saio National Production, Junwie, and Juntao. In 2010, Lu Xiao was appointed as the Pan Asia Technology Centre’s medium-class platform master project.
Lu Xiao has since become the first Chinese chief engineer in the universal global platform. As a highly experienced manager, Lu Xiao is expected to drive up steam.
China’s automobile industry has been transformed by a general effort to better capture the power-intelligent transformation of the country’s automobile industry, and to roll out more products that meet consumer needs, thereby reversing the marketing difficulties. (3) Deputy General Manager Xue Haitao, who has been on the line for marketing, has been building a multi-carrying Mitsubishi.
As an experienced sales manager, Xue Haitao has not only built up the power of macrolight Miniev, but also of Mitsubishi fruit.
Car models and brands of new energy technologies have also contributed to the expansion of US-Vankin overseas operations, with a wealth of experience and insights in the areas of public relations broadcasting, marketing, distribution network layout, etc. (4) The new Executive Deputy Managing Director of the Pan-Asian Technology Centre, Wang, has extensive technical experience in new energy vehicle projects from cranes.
In 2003, Wang joined the Pan-Asian Technology Centre (APTC) executive chief engineer, the executive assistant chief engineer for the General Ort-Technology Platform electric vehicle project, the deputy general manager of the Pan-Asian Technology Centre, etc. After many years of accumulation, Wang has now acquired a wealth of vehicle-driven technology, new energy products, etc.
Into the car: Vice-President Yu Yingmin, General Director of Celebrity Brands, experienced in marketing, Vice-President \triangleright, master of sound technology
On 14 August 2024, it was announced that the former secretary-general of the Volkswagen Popular Party, the Under-Secretary-General for Marketing and Market Administration would be the Deputy Managing Director of the Air Transport Department: the former Ministry of Planning and Project Management.
At the same time, on December 9, 2024, the General Director of Intruder Five and Communications announced that he would be transferred to the post of Chief Executive Officer of the Brands Department. The top management talent will provide a solid foundation for the upper auto-autonomous brand to better respond to competition in the age of electro-smart intelligence.
(1) For nearly 30 years, RYU, Deputy General Manager, has worked in the area of automobile sales, with keen insight into products, users, and markets. In 2000-2008, RYU served as General Manager of the Volkswagen Region, Director General of Skoda Products, Deputy General Manager of the Upper Gas Marketing Company, etc.; in 2011 RYUN took up the position of Director of the Volkswagen Group overseas.
Director of the preparatory team; in 2014, Yu Yeon became the Deputy Director General of the Car Service, and in 2014 he became the Vice-Director of the former management thinking, innovative marketing initiatives that laid a solid foundation for the growth in the volume of the auto ownership brand, which increased by 265 per cent from the beginning of his post in 2020; and in 2021, Yu Yu was the Vice-Director of the Volkswagen Mass Marketing and Market Implementation.
In 2024, Yu Ying-hyun became Secretary of the Volkswagen Popular Party, while serving as Deputy General Manager of Volkswagen Marketing and Markets and General Manager of Volkswagen Mass Marketing. Under the leadership of YU-Ying, the upper-air brand is expected to reach more consumers and promote brand names through innovative marketing methods such as Internet marketing.
In 2002, he worked for the public. After that, he was transferred to a car ride, and in 2008-2011, he was assigned to a car ride business planning and planning.
In November of that year, he became the Director General of the Department of Technology of the Upper Steam Group Technology Centre and the Director-General of the Department of Planning and Project Management's Nle Project. In December 2014, he was transferred to the Department of Planning and Project Management's Motivation Platform, where he served as Director-General and Executive Director.
With a wealth of work experience in technological innovation, he hopes to provide a strong technology for new energy transformations on board vehicles (3) The managing director of the title brand has a wealth of marketing and management experience. In 2011, Zhou Xiao Xing entered the upper stage, where he was responsible for a number of core positions, including branding, product development, marketing, and access development.
Working, with keen market insight and a wealth of marketing experience. In promoting the rejuvenation of the Mitsubishi brand and the transformation of new energy sources, Zhou Xin led a series of marketing activities that accurately captured market demand, giving the five Mitsubishi Xingminiev the impression of a “people's walker” and actively promoting the rapid development of the Treasure brand.
This time, after Zhou's accession, the brand of the title has ushered in a young blood that is expected to bring it more in line with the needs of young consumers,3 supported by the Seven Technology Undergrounds, the New Energy Track 3.1, the Seven Technology Undergrounds of the Smartnet Network, and the capital of the joint venture and the autonomous brand transformation.
In response to the critical period of rapid advances in electric intelligence in the automobile industry, the upper gas has successfully built the seven technology sub-ordinates by integrating internal resources, establishing the General Institute for Innovation Research and Development and bringing together internal and external innovation resources.
Power, mix, hydrogen energy, and battery, electric power, super-mixed systems, and smart car back-to-back solutions. The “Seven Technology Undergrounds” 1.0 supports the continuous upswing of auto ownership and the enabling of joint brands. In 2023, new vehicles and overseas sales were 11.23 million and 1.208 million respectively, respectively, with autonomous brand sales taking place.
This compares to 55.3 per cent, an increase of 18 pct over 2014. At present, with the breakthroughs and applications of technologies such as energy closures, solid-state batteries, efficient power systems, smart chassis, pan-in software architecture, a completely new electronic architecture, the base of the steam technology has entered the 2.0 era. Since 2024, solid-state batteries, smart cars, “central brain”, digital intelligence chassis, etc.
For the next two years, the “Seven Technology Bases” 2.0 will be fully capable of moving up to the flag with nearly 30 brands of new vehicles. Three full-scale technology bases: pure electricity, hybrids, hydrogen energy, three main technical routes.
(1) The Nebula pure electrical grid: not only covers the luxury and middle-class car markets, but also comprehensively upgrades the platform in response to the user needs of the entry-level market. 1. With regard to the entire vehicle power consumption, the All-New Nebula platform, “At-Time Extension”, challenges to achieve industry's leading target of 12 km, which is more than 30% higher than the current level.
On the other hand, the application of the wire control chassis has led to a 40 per cent rise in the start-up response time, a 20 per cent increase in the steady movement of the border, a 4-wheel independent control of the whole vehicle, a 3 per cent increase in the continuation of the whole vehicle, a 3 per cent reduction in the weight of the whole vehicle, and an improvement in the cabin space by achieving a low-speed shift to support the rounding from a 180° angle.
On the safety side, the new nebula platform meets European five-star collision safety standards. Specifically, the nebula platform can be divided into three main platforms: e1, e2 and e3: 1 and e1 are positioned in the nebula architecture at the highest end, with a front fork arms plus a multi-strength stretch, compatible with air springs and back wheels, and has reached the point of wisdom.
All pure electrical products such as fabrics, Ls7, Ls6, l6, etc., are loaded on the Flying F7 model: 2-, 2-, 3-, 3-, with the former McFlyson + and post-Mufferson electromagnetic resonance, with maximum compatibility with cdc, no support for airborne suspension, etc.
(ii) Everest's integrated vehicle structure: a landscape, all-weather, global market, Everest's structure, from engine-driven to power-driven, from oil mixed to electricity-based products, with seamless coverage.
The link has been transformed from "oil" to "electric" with a maximum conversion efficiency of more than 3.75kwh/l, which is significantly superior to that of the industry owner (3) "Star River" helium integrated whole car structure: a focus on the use of hydrogen fuel cells by vehicle, the first incremental hydrogen fuel cell by vehicle structure programme.
Material cell reactor technology is a global leader and national production of core fuel cell reactor components and materials has been achieved, incremental fuel cell reactor p4m system has a rated power of 45kw with a common work point efficiency of more than 50 per cent and a maximum of four key systems technology base: supermixed system, power drive, battery and smart car back-to-back solution
(1) "Blue Core" mixed power mix: Focus modularization, integration, exclusive dmh supermixing technology, has achieved performance breakthroughs.
The heat management, air conditioning, etc., is controlled by a single picu module, which runs out of the largest continuous mileage of 1962 km, with a 100 km fuel consumption of only 2.8l. The overall efficiency of the new generation of blue cores will be increased by 10%. Of this, the hybrid exclusive engine heat efficiency has passed 46%, and the hybrid transformer is using a completely new version of the two-axis program.
"Energic control of the brain" will allow a more accurate conversion of thermal, chemical, electrical, and mechanical energy. (2) "Green core" power-driven totals: further leaps through technological iterative performance. After an overlap, the npc axis will apply a unique grid-formulated cooling technique, with a lightly quantified magnesium alloy shell design, with a total mass of only 86 kgg.
Highest in the same power band in the country; power power density exceeding 9.5kw/kg, higher than the country ' s planning target of 2035 at 7kw/kg; total success rate density rising to 4.4kw/kg, leading the industry average of at least 40%. (3) Cube Battery: The innovative development of the Cube battery technology from upper gas is most marked by its unique lay-off.
Through the laying-hole layout, the Cube battery has increased significantly in terms of safety, space utilization, and has created a differentiated competitive advantage in the new energy vehicle industry. Actively working with the Cao Energy, the upper gas program has been able to produce a full solid battery volume in three steps.
In October 2024, the smartsl6 of the light-year solid batteries were officially delivered to the user; and in October 2024, the semi-solid product phase: 10wt per cent liquid content and more than 1,000 km of pure electrical renewal.
The liquid content is 5wt%. The new battery structure is achieved through the introduction of new dry electrode mass production and new positive material with high voltage, with bulk delivery in 2025, and massing on top of the auto-owned brand; 3. Full solid product phase: based on polymer-inorganic composite electrolytic technology routes, energy density is expected to exceed 400wh/kg with volume energy density
It is expected to exceed 820wh/l, with battery capacity expected to exceed 75ah; better safety, in the context of needle pricks and 200°C heat tanks, to ensure that the heat cores do not explode; wider scope, with low-temperature capacity in solid-state batteries at more than 90%; lower material costs, simplification and innovation based on materials and processes, from core end to pack end,
The unit cost can be reduced by up to 40%. Of this amount, the first stage of the product will be delivered in 2026, and the model will be completed.
Decision-making option - Zero-beam Galaxy fullhouse 1.0, with a "area concentration" focus, with a focus on the 122+smart driver, smart cabin, and ota. 2 Currently, the Zero-beam Galaxy fullhouse has evolved to version 3.0 to achieve "centralised plus area control", with a focus on cost control and level 1.3 autopilots. On the one hand, Zero-bumped Galaxy fullhouse 3.0 "brain".
The central computing unit and the central coordinating motor controller (vmc) for the whole car of the cockpit are being developed collaboratively on electronic structures and software, and vmc becomes an important node of 3.0 in the pantry as a regional controller capable of fully sharing the whole vehicle sensor and the signals of the implementing agency, following up on the achievement of 3-6 degrees of free centralized control of the body of the vehicle.
The ability to achieve variable driving properties, drivers, and brakes is never to slip, giving the user an extremely safe, comfortable, and energy-efficient experience. On the other hand, 3.0 is fully supportive of large model end-to-end applications and of auto-drive solutions for mass production. In addition, the upper-air partnership has launched an “ecological domain” that expands smart terminals like mobile phones.
As an area of smart cars, more and more branded smart terminals will be connected to the Galaxy Ribbon, which will provide a continuous, highly intelligent experience of the scene. The upper gas “ecological domain” now covers a number of cellular brands, such as oppo, vivo, milli, tidium and apples. In 2024, the Galactic Ribbon 3.0 is being phased in, and will be completely down in 2025; it will be effective.
Low vehicle loads are low, the number of controllers is reduced by more than half, the bandwidth of the data is increased fivefold, the length of the beam is reduced by 30 per cent, and the download and installation time of the ota can be reduced to less than 30 minutes.
Figure 37: Zero-beamed Galaxy smart car back-to-back solution has now evolved successfully to figure 38: Zero-Block Galaxy smart car solution 3.0 achieves a central step-by-step operation with a central coordinated campaign controller.
In addition to the zero beams, the upper gas is also involved in/controls the momenta, the mastery of technology (in the old Dajiang), the horizon, the Hibisame, and so on. The pre-positioning has laid a solid foundation for the current transformation. In addition, the upper steam and the smart leader have worked together to quickly complete the short board.
Fig. 39: A high-level intellectual development with a strong foundation in the field of motor intelligence, with the collaboration of Momenta, has now led to the opening of the country’s capital. On September 26, 2024, the new IQLs6 was marketed, with laser radars, orin-x chips.
With the power of the model, the Smartimad Imaging System has the capacity to deliver the nation’s uncharted city, Noa. Meanwhile, on November 15th, 2024, Wieda and Momenta will work together to build the first British Weddathor chip of the industry’s MRI program, which will be launched in 2025, with a major boost to the imm in the form of the Widdathor chip.
More specifically, (1) based on the arithmetic advantage of the thor chip, the momenta model supports a higher resolution, longer historical picture and video input. Higher resolution information input allows imad3.0 to be seen further and clearer; longer time series information allows the system to understand the environment and to integrate decision-making.
Deeper. (2) Based on the high performance of the thor chip, the overall response of the momenta model is faster, leading to even hundreds of milliseconds of uplifting, safer and more reassuring. (3) The thor chip has a higher performance cap, while the momenta master model has high-suitability features and can be efficiently matched with a full-scale chip flat.
To make full use of the key advantages of the big model and chip. Figure 40: Thinkings Together with Momenta to build the imad mind system. Figure 41: Think, Weida and Momenta work together to build the industry.
So far, the city of Noa has achieved no open city, the first production-based smart driving program based on the British Weldathor chip, which is second only to Biadey's current shareholding, working with the clouds, clouds, and so on.
Car type. According to the equity structure of the Treasure Technology (formerly carried), the two private equity investment agencies controlled directly or indirectly by the upper wind hold about 3% of the shareholding technology, followed only by Biadi, and are expected to have a pre-eminent advantage in the technological empowerment of Dajiji. In fact, there is a multi-car-type collaboration between the upper wind and Taiji: (1) Bo Yun, 26 September 2023.
On July 9, 20, 2024, Bo, Bo Yun Sea City, with the Convergence and the Convergence of the Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, has been equipped with a 2.0-max system.
The functions of 0-130km/h full-speed cruise aid, track support, auto-stopping, switch-sticking, smart subterfuges, red light reading seconds and stopping are more prominent in the same class of vehicles.
About 3%, after Biadei's current shareholdings, the zebras collaborate on smart car operating systems. The zebras are a company that specializes in the development of smart car operations, basic software at the bottom of the system, founded by upper steam and Ali. In 2014, the zebras began to develop.
Alios smart car operating system, which took the lead in 2016 in the production of the world’s first Internet car, Emerius Virx5. In 2017, the first car was put on the market by car car, Allinalios, and the first-ever Internet car, Mgzs. In 2021, the first five-g smart car of the world was placed on the market with a car marvel, carrying a customized version of the Zebra Imbra Vanusr.
The upper steam is now the third largest shareholder of the horizon, and has been working with Rong Wai, the title, and so on. The upper steam has been investing in the horizon since 2016, with two additional investments in 2018 and 2022.
The upper gas is the third largest shareholder in the horizon, with a share ratio of 7.87%, and is expected to have priority in the supply of the relevant chips. The upper gas and the horizon have entered into a firm collaboration on the whole family product, and it has already reached a level of production on the multi-modeled cars of the title, Yong Wai, Chase, etc.
Intelligent, based on three intelligent arithmetic platforms of three journeys, achieves an ngp function, becoming the industry's first fuel vehicle to carry intelligent navigational assistive driving technology: mges5 to carry a Mono advanced assistive driving programme based on drive three, which can provide a range of assistive driving and active safety functions, including intelligent cruise aids, lane maintenance aids, etc.
Intelligent speeding alerts, etc., and covering more scenes such as big curvature curves and ramp passages, and traffic-distributions. Looking ahead, with equity ties as a link, the ability of the horizon to be soft and hard can be shown on the upper car type.
On January 3, 2023, Hesesame announced its collaboration with the upper steam.
Together, China and China are working together on the basis of a combination of high-precision maps and innovative technologies for smart chips, in a variety of areas, such as smart network cars, cars, and synthesizing, and intelligent traffic. In order to develop further cooperation on the area of intelligence, Upper Audi and Wah are expected to work together further.
On October 25, 2024, Odyssey announced that the whole new Odyssey 5l would be the first ride of the Audi brand for a smart driving system, equipped with laser radars, high-speed and city-high-level assistive driving capabilities, with intelligence levels expected to be relatively advanced in the area of fuel cars. In addition to Odys, there is hope for deeper cooperation.
3.2. Joint venture brand transformation: accelerating the development of new electronic intelligence products and actively promoting home-grown research and development
In order to better respond to the needs of Chinese consumers, joint ventures in brand technology research and development, product design, marketing, etc. will give local teams more voice. 3.2.1, Upstream crowds: the joint venture period will be extended to 2040, and the strategy of “oil-driven cars, power-stamp cars, upper Audi” will be maintained.
On November 26, 2024, the upper-gas group signed an extension of the joint-venture agreement with the popular group, extending the joint-venture period to 2040, to further strengthen long-term partnerships. At present, the upper-gas public adheres to the important development strategy of “oil-driven cars, stable trams, upper-Odys” to better adapt to the competitive dynamics of the new era.
In the area of fuel cars, the focus on high-profit products, intelligent upgrading, and the gradual closure or conversion of excess capacity, the focus will be on high unit prices and high Maori products, such as smart upgrades, and, in the area of car planning, the focus will be on the development of profitable fuel truck products.
In order to boost the productivity of the product, the public-focused fuel truck is smart, and in 2024 the two-way tour lpro and Pasart pro market showed very good sales performance, and the fuel-car smart layouts began to show results. At the beginning of 2025, the product power upgrades will also be on the market, and it is hoped that this will continue.
In addition, given that the current decline in fuel-car sales has led to a generally low utilization of plant capacity, the up-scaling population has gradually reduced its capacity and increased the transition to new energy vehicle production by the Smartnet Federation.
Figure 49: At the beginning of 2025, the full upgrade of the production capacity of the Deon Pro will be made available, and it is expected that the smart cabin will continue to be installed in the car. Table 4:2023 shows an overall underutilization of the production capacity of the plants, with some capacity to be shut down or converted.
Trailer: Localized research and development. Multi-car models developed on the basis of the cmp platform have been on the market since 2026, working on home-grown research and development innovations to accelerate overall development in the field of electric intelligence.
On June 27, 2024, a partnership agreement was reached between the upper and lower industrial chains to develop a multi-smart new car, and the upper and upper-middle-breeding community successfully opened a new phase of “tech co-creation.” Given the relative leadership of new energy vehicle technologies in the country, cooperation in the development of new ones would be beneficial.
The new energy technology agreement was signed by the public on 27 June 2024, the pure electricity technology layout was built for years on a meb platform that built the id series of best-selling cars, following industry in October 2024.
(i) In 2015, the public began to deploy new energy technologies; (ii) in 2018, the foundation of a new energy car factory for the general public was laid and officially launched in 2020, becoming the world’s largest plant dedicated to the meb platform.
A major advantage is that the choice of battery capacity can be made according to the user’s needs, while the vehicle’s internal space is significantly upgraded compared to that of a fuel vehicle, e.g., id.3, which is compact, but the internal space reaches the level of a medium vehicle.
At present, a series of pure electric vehicles such as id.4x, id.6x, id.3 and q5e-tron are in operation at the Antchen factory, where the id series is now relatively advanced in the joint venture brand of new energy vehicles; and (3) in 2022, phase II of the Antwan Base Technology Research and Development Centre was launched.
The combination of cutting-edge technologies such as smart driving, network technology, electronics, etc. further enhances the research and development capabilities of the upper mass: (4) Against the backdrop of the rapid growth of the mobility market, in October 2024, partners such as the upper mass and mass dynamics and the joint electronics actively explore technical cooperation for the “curve system”.
In the field of intelligence, the public has been working in depth with such deep collaborations as Quakers, Huaieng, Taijiang, and the software company, the joint venture public group, has successfully invested in the horizon. In the field of intelligence, the public is flying with Quakers, Huaieng, Big.
In-depth cooperation with Xanax: (1) cooperation with Xiao Xiao Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xi Xi Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Qi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi
Hicar's model – Lendol, Viagra, and Wayang – has been successfully marketed and has won a great deal of credit. At present, hecar has gradually covered the flagships of lpro and Pasartpro, where the public has made lasting breakthroughs in the fields of intelligence, hand-car interconnection: (3) cooperation with the border is focused on intelligent driving. Midway Ipro is on board.
The iq.pilot intellectuals system, developed jointly by the upper-gas public and the Great-Tang, was the first time that the Great-Tang system had been mounted on the upper-voltaic mass vehicle type, enabling self-adaptation to cruises, traffic maintenance, transfer of smart poles, smart plugging and intellectual avoidance, intellectual and memory parking, etc.: (4) the horizon is important for the mass group ' s accelerated deployment of China ' s home-grown intelligence research and development.
In October 2022, the public announced that the software company cariad and Horizon would establish a joint venture venture that would be cool. The horizon would put some of its capabilities into the joint venture, which would be planned to cover class 1-2 auxiliary driving, high-speed pilot assistance, automatic parking, etc. Caraad’s Chinese subsidiary ceo said that the joint venture was planned for 2025.
In addition, in September 2023, a joint innovation research and development centre was set up in collaboration with ZeroTechnology. The platform will be built on by the two parties, working closely on the definition of smart car products, hardware and software development, process system development and operating security.
Figure 54: Horizon and the general cariad, December 8, 2023. Figure 53: Popular Id.3 smart money introduced into the science-fibre voice interactive system.
Multi-car models have been developed specifically for the Chinese market, covering a variety of power forms, such as pure electricity, increment, and mixing. In the future, the public will have a full layout in the areas of pure electricity, in addition to mixing: (1) Since 2026, two compact electric cars, based on a cmp platform built exclusively for the Chinese market, will be put into the market for the first time, and three hybrids, and two additional cars will be inserted into the market.
Audi5l will carry a high-level smart driving technology, and the new brand, audi, will build a large number of luxury smart electric cars based on smart digital platform adp. On September 5, 2024, Audi officially announced that it was based on pc of luxurious fuel.
The new generation of indigenous cars on the platform, including the new Audi 5 family. The Odia 5 family will be produced by Audi together with the two major partners in China, the China One and Upper Steam Group, and will provide different body styles.
On May 20, 20, 20, Odie signed a cooperation agreement with the upper steam group to launch the joint development of the digital smart platform advanced digitizedplatform (adp), which will cover levels B and B.
On May 24, the platform’s production base was upgraded in Andin, and will become the exclusive production base for the new generation of luxury smart electric products in Odie. Meanwhile, by improving R&D efficiency and optimizing the development process, the rollout of the platform’s model has been reduced by more than 30%, with the first product expected to be in mid-2025.
On the market, the platform will be used as a platform for the creation of a number of luxury smart electric new cars. Given the high positioning of Audi’s brand, it is hoped that better sales performance will lead to higher profitability.
Figure 55: The upper Odia 5l will be on board as a high-level smart driving system. Figure 56: Audi brands are based on smart digital platform adp. The product is expected to be marketed in mid-2025.
3.2.2. Upwinding: proactive stock-taking, marginal improvements in sales, home-grown motor intelligence transformation The biggest problem facing the year is the impact of the rapid penetration of new energy vehicles, and the impact of corporate ownership in moving to stocks for better subsequent development.
On 4 December 2024, the General Motors Group indicated that it was taking steps to reduce stocks, produce on demand, protect the price system and reduce fixed costs and that it would cost $2.7 billion to implement the policy.
Reorganization measures such as lock-down of factories. In fact, during his tenure as General Manager of Up-to-Up, General-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To, and on August 15th, 2024, the new General Manager of Up-to-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To
In November 2024, the Generalized China also reported a quarterly ring increase in generic sales and market shares in China, with new energy vehicles selling for the first time exceeding fuel trucks. In November 2024, Generalized China achieved a round increase for the fifth consecutive month. Since the beginning of 2024, the generic distributor stock has been reduced by more than 50 per cent.
To enable companies to better manage pricing and cost systems. General Motors Group cfo Paul Jacobson states that restructuring, such as the general shutdown, is in its final stages, and General is seeking to make a profit in China by 2025. Figure 57: On December 4, 2024, General Motors indicated that it would cost more than $5 billion.
Figure 58: Since August 2024, after taking the initiative to get rid of the inventory, the Upton dollar has been recombined with the Up Gas General, of which $2.7 billion has been used to shut down the plant, and monthly wholesale sales have recovered significantly.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Incredibles publishedwed.dec42024.6:47amestupdatedwed.dec42024.11:45amest sharefxinm
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"Plantclosorsandportfoliomission," accordingtothefiling.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
In the medium-to-long term, with an emphasis on home-grown research and development of electric intelligence technologies, the ALT platform will launch 10 electric vehicles based on the three major brands of the ALT platform, which will be launched in 2025. On the basis of a short-term fast-tracked network of channels to store, repair and upgrade dealers, in the long term, the upper-air system will insist on home-grown research and development of electric intelligence technologies, and will actively launch new energy products to respond to them.
In particular, (1) in the field of new energy, there is more than 95 per cent soilization of the components of the Upper AUT platform, the core of which - the battery system led by the Pan-Asian Technology Centre, the new generation of the phev IEC system self-researched by the Pan-Asian Technology Centre, and the future introduction of new technologies such as the incremental process;
(2) In the area of smart network linkages, the Software and Digitalization Centre, which was established at the end of 2023, is the first software development centre for a single regional market for general automobiles worldwide, designed to enhance the freedom and efficiency of the development of generic home-grown digital products; and (3) in the field of intellectuals, which has become a relatively fast-settled joint venture of products.
Nop pilot driving was introduced in July 2024. The solid technology supports the area of pure electricity, and by 2025 the upper gas will have launched 10 electric cars based on the Ort energy platform among three major brands: Cadillac, Berk and Chevrolem, which are now on the market: Cadillac lyric sharps, Bekelectrae5, Buick.
ELECTRAE 4: Intubation, a new generation of phev combinations of smart plug technologies, gli8phev, has performed well. Despite short-term pressure, the upper and general automobile groups have supported the above-mentioned general electric intelligence, continuously empowering three major brands: Cadillac, Berk, and Chevland.
Figure 59: Over 95 per cent national production of the upper-air utility cell system. Figure 60: Software and digitization centres established at the end of 2023 are designed to enhance the freedom and efficiency of the development of universal home-grown digital products.
3.3 Autonomous brand transformation: Affluence of power forms and intelligent technologies, intellectually leading brand upwards. In the 2024 "Empowering Heavy Return" programme of action, it is proposed to accelerate the development of autonomous brands, speed up the breakthrough of new energy products, and accelerate the expansion of overseas markets are three of the company's business excellence initiatives.
Promoting an autonomous brand of electric intelligence transformation, brand upwards, and continued deployment of overseas markets are the most important ones at present. 3.3.1. Emeritus: more technology tags, marketing back to users, leading up-to-end new energy vehicle models. Emeritus will put more electric intelligence technology on new models and marketing back to users.
The Managing Director, Yu Ying-min, has stated that Eun-wei brands are similar to popular brands in terms of technology and quality reliability. Therefore, the future Eun-Wei brands will be supported by the "Seven Technology Bases" to promote more electro-intelligent technology vehicles to boost product power. For example, on November 8, 2024, the Gircon 7dmh World Champions' edition was launched.
The Dmh super-mixing system, with 2208.719 km in continuation and an average fuel consumption of 2.49l/100km, breaks the world record of Guinness, which is “the longest way to get a car full of oil and electricity” and honours the title of “the world’s least-motivated b-class car.” And, in terms of smart technology, valorized brands are also expected to work with excellent suppliers, such as horizons.
In addition, at the marketing level, Pronoun brand marketing will return to users themselves, understand consumer needs, enhance interaction with consumers and provide better services.
Figure 61: The Winway 7dmh World championship page breaks the Guinness record of "The Longest Distance Out of a Mob" with 2208 km, becoming the industry's first fuel vehicle to achieve ngp.
On November 7, 2024, the company announced that the company would no longer run alone, but side by side, and that the brand would be formally incorporated into the brand, which would become the high-end new energy subseries of the brand.
Synchronized technologies such as Eunwaydmh will enable the brand to fly, so the future will no longer be limited to pure electric technology routes, but will introduce hybrid or incremental vehicle models. Meanwhile, the General Institute for Upper Aerial Innovation Research and Development will continue to be responsible for the research and development of the Flying Van brand and will share the results of core components and research, integrate production lines, and optimize production platoons.
In addition, Eunwei and Feifan will work together at the marketing end, share marketing channels and market extension resources, provide consumers with access to all models of both plates in one shop and increase brand visibility and visibility, including through dual-authorization shops, and significantly widen the consumer base of both brands.
Figure 63: When Feifan is incorporated into Eunwei, there will be multiple R & D, sales, services, etc.
Van Bach, the Three Broadbands and the risingos super-intelligent interactive system 3.3.2, smart-ass: solid-state batteries in the car, extension of the incremental route, national opening of the untunea and continuous optimization of the experience.
As soon as you return to glory, you will be given more room for development as an important force in the high-end new energy market. At the present time, two cars, Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi X X X Xi X X X X X X X X Xi Xi Xi Xi X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X
In 2025, in addition to the two pure tram models, which have doubled the product matrix. In 2025, Liutao said that he was going to be on his way, determined to reverse the pain of the current market ' s incremental product, which had a shorter duration, and won during the transition period.
Consumers, once fully established, lock in the final course of pure electricity. In terms of pure electrical continuity, the company actively explores solid battery technology to get in the car, and now the four-rolled smartsl6 carrying the first generation of solid light-year batteries is over 1,000 km in the cltc industry. In terms of intelligence, the smartimad uncharted city noa is fully operational.
In marketing, intellectuals have opened video numbers, tremors, mini-red books, beeps, microblogs, etc., to produce content on a continuous basis for their own projects and to build ips in their respective areas of advantage.
In addition, on December 25, 2024, Wisdom announced the successful completion of the b1 round of equity financing, which raised $9.4 billion in total. The funds raised will be used to invest in the development of core technologies such as digital smart chassis, cable conversion, intelligent driving, etc., and to accelerate the introduction of new products, with a marked increase in sales.
Figure 65: Quadrix Wisdoml6 on board the first generation of solid-state batteries in figure 66: Cltc resumes over 1,000 km based on a pattern-to-end model constructed in conjunction with Momenta
Type, IQD 3.3.3. Upper-air Mitsubishi: sales are strongly driven by the national policy on end-of-life renewal, actively exploring high end-of-life replacement policies for low end-of-life vehicles, active deployment of new end-of-life energy vehicle markets, smartness
In the second half of 2024, there was a marked increase in the volume ring ratio of general-purpose Mitsubishi used for vehicle sales. At the same time, Mitsubishi was actively exploring the process of high-end upgrading.
Zhou Yiu said that Mitsubishi would launch a new architecture platform in the future to carry a higher-end model. These new vehicles are expected to be on the market in the first half of 2025. In terms of intelligence, Zhao Xianfan, the general manager of the Mitsubishi Marketing Centre, said that all intelligent driving systems upgrades (including algorithms and chips) in the Territory would be applied first to the Mitsubishi brand, especially the Bounty.
On September 10th, 2024, the City of Bo-Yun, which is carrying Dajiang, delivered more than three months. 3.3.4. Monsignor: Abundance of power forms, promotion of the smartness of the tankers, 2025 target of “domestic doubling, overseas upwards.” In 2025, the Monsignor will take up solid-state batteries, blending or incremental power forms, actively promoting the intellectualization of the tankers, overseas markets.
On the domestic market, Mg in 2025 is expected to mark the first new vehicle on the market with semi-solid batteries. And, given the faster growth of the hybrid model, the title is well known.
In terms of intelligence, RYU stressed the need for the fuel truck to be intelligent. The Deputy Director-General of the Automobile also said that he wanted to provide the user with a home-like smart seat with a better smart parking capability and a high-level ngp intelligent driving system that would provide high-speed pilot support.
Function. With regard to the problem of fuel car intelligence in precision control, the mg7 is a top-notch in engine and gear box dynamics, calibration, rate change and smoothness. In marketing, the former Lord's Managing Director, Lu Jiajun, said that more user-operated activities would be undertaken to enhance branding, while the Lord would continuously upgrade post-sale clothes.
The title will also try to broaden the pool of customers and motivated women, for example, when the RYU people say that a new generation of mg5 may have more male car owners, but that 2025 mg7 may be favoured by a lot of wonderful female car owners. On the overseas market, despite the difficulties, the brand will also be challenged by a variety of dynamic forms, market layouts, etc.
Figure 69: Chou Xiao Xiao, the Lord's Managing Director, said that in 2025 the mg brand will be on the market. Figure 70: 2025 mg7 already has a better smart parking function, and the first new car is expected to carry a semi-solid battery.
Next year, the first new car listed by the mg brand could be carrying semi-solid-state power.
I'll tell you something, it's not expensive, the battery industry is making a lot of progress, and friends who buy lithium phosphate or triple lithium can wait and so on.
View translation/editing history (=)
3.4. Outwards: For the first time in a series of years, overseas sales will be promoted, such as those of mixed-up, hev, etc. For the first time in a series of years, overseas sales will be carried out, with a wide range of global layouts in Europe and the Americas, with whole industries chained up to sea.
In 2024, under the influence of the Red Sea crisis, the European Union (EU) Traction tariff policy, the company ' s overseas sales were placed under short-term pressure, but in the second half of the year it recovered significantly.
At the same time, in addition to the direct export of products, the Department is actively promoting “a whole industry chain out of the sea” and is currently operating overseas in a number of countries and regions, including innovation research and development centres, production bases, and camps. Companies have three major R&D innovation centres, three full-car manufacturing bases and one kd overseas.
Factories (Thailand, Indonesia, India production base design capacity of 7.2, 6.0, 56,000 units respectively), over 100 zero component production research and development bases and over 2,800 marketing service outlets, and the establishment of the first overseas financial services company in Indonesia.
Figure 72: After a decline in the impact of the Red Sea crisis, the European Union tariff policy, etc., but not too large, there was a marked recovery in the sales of motor vehicles abroad in the second half of 2024.
Figure 73: In addition to Europe, upper gas is now more well-placed in the Americas, Asia outside China, the Middle East, and figure 74: upper gas is now building multiple production bases, marketing centres, etc. overseas, and all over Africa and Oceania, and the whole industry chain is moving out of the sea.
Since 2019, the title has been ranked first in China’s single-brand exports for five consecutive years. Even in the face of EU tariff policy pressure, in January-November 2024, the title’s cumulative sales in the European market continued to exceed 220,000.
With 84% of the high-intensity steel car content, the brands are resistant to 31568n m/deg, and touch e-ncap.
The five-star certification for collision testing: with the original post-life structure and high-specific stand-alone, the preference of the European users who love to drive; and even in terms of intelligence and the smell of inside cars, the mg brings advanced technology and higher standards within the country to Europe, which is less valued by European users.
Fig. 75: In 2023, the brand name had a share of about 5% in the European pure tram market, and figure 76:mg4 was well marketed in Europe, thanks to excellent performances in safety, comfort, intelligence, internal smell control, etc.
On October 29, 2024, local time, the European Commission’s tariff policy was finally in place, with 35.3% of the anti-subsidized tax on the export of automobiles to Europe at the base of 10% of the original tariff, and the policy was valid for five years. Prior to the end of the tax policy, external concerns about the export prospects of Europe, one of the former advantaged regions, had already been raised.
The company will take a number of measures to deal with the adverse effects abroad: (1) Upwards indicates that the EC countervailing survey involved commercially sensitive information, that there was an error in the determination of subsidies, and ignored some of the key information and defences submitted by the above, and that the subsidy rate for several projects was inflated.
Through the submission of questionnaires, written pleadings, hearings, etc., thousands of documents and documentary evidence have been provided for legal defence. (2) Since the EU has imposed duties on purely electrically driven vehicles only, the plan has targeted hybrid and fuel vehicles in Europe.
At the same time, in addition to the European market, up-scaling is also active in Australia, the Middle East, South America, ASEAN, and other new markets. Especially in a context where new energy vehicles abroad are not home-grown, up-scaling schemes have been driven by more regions of the world, such as the hev, among others.
For example, according to the Toyota model, mg3hev's technical indicators, which are full-scale leading competitions, have emerged from the European class-a market segment. Figure 77: Monopoly brands have introduced hybrid mghsphev in Europe.
Figure 78: The brand name has introduced the oil hybrid mg3hev (3) in Europe, under the flag of Angel, which has an advantage in safeguarding export capacity and reducing export costs. The General Manager of the Angé Logistics Service, Kim, has indicated that the transport costs of a vehicle abroad are now around $10,000, in the Red Sea crisis.
To this end, the uppouring is continuously expanding its fleet. At present, the Ange logistics under the upper flag has built its own fleet of China’s largest automobiles, with a total of 33 automobiles, including 11 river ships, 9 inland and 13 foreign trade ships, and open to South-East Asia.
Mexico, South America, West, Europe, Austranom, etc. 8 international routes are expected to form a fleet of more than 20 oceanic vessels by the end of 2025, with 3-4 flights per month in the European region, covering the Mediterranean, South Europe, North West Europe, the United Kingdom; 3 flights per month in Mexico; 1-2 flights per month in the Middle East;
The size of the foreign trade fleet will reach 22 each year, with routes covering major Chinese export destinations such as South-East Asia, the Persian Gulf, the Mediterranean Sea, the United Kingdom, Mexico-Mexican, the United States of America, Western South America, and Australasia. Figure 79: On 23 December 2024, a roller-ship “Angway signal” was boarded.
Delivery, with 7800 spaces, planned to take the lead in Europe into the American-Memorian route (4) In addition to having overseas production capacity, in July 2023, Uttar Pradesh's assistant president, General Manager of the Department of International Operations, and General Manager of the Uttar Pradesh State stated that the upswing had been identified and the site had begun to be selected in Europe, and was expected to better serve the European market.
4. Profit forecasting and investment proposals (1) Joint venture block: due to the continued penetration of the new energy vehicle industry, there was a drop in the sales of gas to the public and to the general fuel vehicle in 2024, especially since the general purpose of the upper gas to go to stock led to a significant drop in the wholesale end. Therefore, we expect the upper end.
The general public, the upper gas, will have a fall in 2024, especially the upper gas, which is more pronounced. But with the joint venture brand fuel vehicle, which focuses on intelligent upgrading, and the development of a new home-grown energy vehicle based on the company's electrodynamic technology, sales are expected to be stable in 2025, and sales are expected to pick up in 2026, especially in collaboration with the upper mass Audi and Hua.
When it is hoped that brand highness will be further advanced, leading to a return to the same income ratio, and a drop in the upper gas general income (2) Autonomous plate: Ewe Wei is expected to rebound rapidly after the end of the 2024 sales by mounting more electro-intelligent technology and marketing optimization.
China’s cooperative intelligent technology will be significantly upgraded, and sales are expected to make a substantial breakthrough, boost rapid growth in revenue collection, and will be reduced through synergy with Enoyosu’s production and marketing systems. With the advent of a smart-to-do model, the product matrix will be enriched, and subsequent sales are expected to increase significantly, leading to a steady increase in revenue collection.
In 2025, the lord will be in a solid-state battery, introducing a mix or incremental power, actively promoting the smartness of the tankers, introducing hybrid models in the offshore market, etc., with a prospect of gradual warming, leading to a steady increase in revenue collection. Mitsubishi will continue to benefit from the stimulus of the old new policy change in 2025, but a contraction in the minibus market in 2025-2026 is expected to sell to Mitsubishi.
With the gradual roll-out of high-end vehicles, we expect a sustained recovery in the Māori rate for the company’s entire vehicle and spare parts operations, and a relatively stable Māori rate for trade and financial operations. The company, as the leading head of the Shanghai automobile industry, is at stake in the development of the Shanghai automobile economy, which is high on Shanghai’s municipal level.
Attention. The Secretary of the Shanghai City Council, Chen Jiining, said that the capital was to focus on reforms in the domestic market and the new energy vehicle development drive system, and that all relevant sectors in the city needed to develop a stronger synergy in support of the firm transition and ensure the smooth implementation of the various reform tasks.
With the strong support of Shanghai City, the company moved management change from top to bottom, and the new leadership was rejuvenated, with extensive experience in marketing, technology, seaboarding, and supply chains. With the new leadership, the company is expected to move ahead with joint ventures and autonomous brands with electric intelligence, leading autonomous brands up and back.
The company already has a relatively large technological build-up as a top priority of its current work. The Department has launched the “Seven Technology Bases” which include pure electricity, hybrids, hydrogen energy, and three whole-car platforms, as well as batteries and batteries.
Power-driven, ultra-mixed, and smart car back-to-back solutions. At present, the base has entered the 2.0 age with breakthroughs and applications of technologies such as energy-closing, solid-state batteries, high-efficiency power systems, smart chassis, panorama, new electronic architecture. Since 2024, solid-state batteries, smart cars, "central brain" and digital intelligence.
In the next two years, the “Seven Technology Bases” 2.0 will be fully capable of bringing up steam, with nearly 30 brands of new cars all over the country. At the same time, companies are focusing on extensive cooperation with good technology suppliers, and now have a relatively high level of technical capital.
The company’s top hardware and software companies in many areas of intelligence, such as tactile technology, geoline, and hesesame, will work in depth with China on the area of intelligence. Supported by a wealth of technological resources, joint capital ventures and autonomous brands will drive a deep transformation of electric intelligence.
With regard to joint branding, there is already a considerable stock of electric intelligence technology available to the public and to the general public, and new products are being developed more intensively. In order to better respond to the needs of Chinese consumers, joint brand technology development, product design, marketing, etc., will give local teams more voice.
Extension to 2040, and adherence to the strategy of “oil-driven cars, stationary trams, upper Audi.” Fuel plate, upper-air mass, will focus on high-unit and high-moric products, boost product power through intelligent upgrading, and gradually shut down or convert left-over capacity. New energy plate, upper-air mass, has been deployed in pure electricity for many years, based on the meb platform id system.
In October 2024, the best-selling model followed industry’s trend towards a positive deployment of incremental technologies. Since 2026, the public's two compact electric cars, based on a cmp platform designed for the Chinese market, will be marketed for the first time, and three hybrids and two boosters will be introduced. By 2030, the public will be launching 18 new cars.
In addition, the uppercomers will focus on high-profit products and actively promote the development of the Odyssey Cards. Audi5l will carry a high-level smart driving technology, while the new brand, audi, will build a multiplicity of luxury smart electric new cars based on the smart digital platform adp; and (2) the upper gas commons are currently most visible as the upper gas.
Brands, short-term core tasks, which are proactive stock-taking, have improved marginal sales. In the medium and long term, up-scaling will focus more on home-grown electro-smart technology development, and in 2025, three major brands will launch 10 electric cars based on the Australasia platform.
In terms of autonomous branding, the most important breakthrough for the future, given the current competitive dynamics of the industry. In particular, (1) Emeritus will be supported by the "Seven Technology Bases" to drive more electro-intelligents like the dmh hybrid system. Meanwhile, Flying Fan, who has been formally integrated into the Emeritus, will become a new, high-end energy sub-sequence sequence.
The combination of dmh and other technologies, which will be rolled out in the future and coordinated with Ewe-Wei in the supply chain, marketing, etc., is expected to make a breakthrough in sales: (2) The high-end branding of intellectuals has led to a marked increase in value for money.
The collaboration with Momenta has led to the opening of the entire city of Tunoa and continues to optimize the experience; (3) the Mitsubishi side has experienced a marked increase in the sales of low-end vehicles by the end-of-life renewal policy and is now actively developing the new energy market at the mid-end, where the intelligence sector will gain technological capacity in the frontier; (4) the Monsignor side has benefited from overseas markets.
Developments have been at the heart of the growth in the volume of automobile sales in recent years, with solid-state batteries, mixing or incremental power forms to be installed in 2025 and the active promotion of car intelligence, and overseas markets will mitigate the effects of tariff policies, such as the introduction of hybrid models.
On the overseas market, upswings have been the first in a series of years in autonomous brands to sell overseas, and have been widely distributed worldwide, in Europe and the Americas. Monsignor brands have shown relatively abrupt performance through European native genes, product power, and value for money, and have been well sold in Europe. In the short term, EU tariff policies have had some impact, but only because the EU is only interested in them.
In addition to the European market, the upper steam is also active in opening new markets in Ausimaa, the Middle East, South America, ASEAN, and other new ones. Especially in a context where new energy vehicles abroad are not home-grown, the upper steam scheme is in the form of momentum such as hev in more parts of the world.
Toyota’s high-quality product is available. And, under the flag of Angel Logistics, uplifting gas has taken advantage in safeguarding export capacity and reducing export costs.
The Ministry’s General Manager, Yude, and the General Manager of Upper Steam International, said that the upper steam was determined to build the plant in Europe and has started to select its sites, and that it is hoped to serve the European market better. We chose Biadi, the Changon, the Wall, the Guang Group as comparable companies for the following main reasons:
Intelligent transformation, of which Biadi has completed 100 per cent new energy use, the area of intelligence is actively followed up through self-research and cooperation, and the opening of sea operations continues; the Chang An vehicle has built three new energy brands, namely, the Great Wall ' s dynamic mix of hi4, he4-t, and he4-z.
In addition, the Chang-An automobile, the Guang-Board are state companies, and are considered by the Government for its share, sales, profitability, and market value of the new energy vehicle.
(1) Domestic demand for automobiles is not as high as expected: inadequate overall demand in the automobile industry affects the volume of sales by firms, which in turn influences the growth of corporate revenue and the impact of scale effects. (2) Increased competition in the industry: increased competition in the industry poses risks to the performance and profitability of firms.
(3) Overseas car demand is not as high as expected: exports are an area of corporate advantage and an important driving force in the consolidation of the company ' s traditional fuel-car base and in the expansion of the space for new energy brands. If the demand for overseas cars is not as high as expected, it will be less than expected.