Incident: On April 21, 2021, the company announced a stock plan for a non-public release. No more than $8.5 billion is proposed to be raised from no more than 35 specific targets for the "Industrialization of semiconductor equipment, base extension project (IV), "High end semiconductor equipment development project" and "High precision power"
• Core view: In the context of the global semiconductor-manufacturing gravity shift and the post-Moor era accelerated domestic manufacturing catch-up, corporate fund-raising projects focus on the development of semiconductor equipment cutting-edge technologies and semiconductors
A rapid increase in the industrialization of equipment and electronic components will provide the necessary conditions for building up the industrial base and the scale of the industry.
• The global market for crystal-crystal processing equipment was highly innovative in 2020, with China’s mainland region among the highest in the world, and domestic manufacturers of integrated circuit equipment have developed into the new era of semi data disclosure, bringing the global market for crystal-crystal processing equipment to $71.2 billion in 2020.
Youy+19 per cent, a record high; of this, mainland China has a market size of $18.72 billion, or 26.3 per cent, which is the highest in the world, surpasses Taiwan, China, where the rate of increase is +39 per cent, followed only by Korea; Taiwan and South Korea have the highest sales of $171.5 billion and $16.08 billion, respectively.
Second, third. The global generation of plant and storage units has shifted in gravity, the mainland China has become the world's largest semiconductor equipment market, national policy support, and the “time, land, man and” has provided a historic opportunity for domestic integrated circuit equipment manufacturers to develop into a new era.
• Increasing the scale of production and diversifying the product structure, pre-equipmenting industrial expansion resources. The company intends to invest $3.48 billion in the construction of the semiconductor equipment industrial base expansion project (phase IV), which will become the company's largest manufacturing base for equipment and form an annual collection.
Production capacity of 500 integrated circuitry equipment, 500 new semiconductor equipment, 300led equipment and 700 photovoltaic systems (total of 2,000), R & D and production with corporate headquarters, 1. Self-innovation as the basis for platform — 60
Two-way coordination of equipment and core parts. In the context of the nationalization of the proxy plant power transfer storage units, North China has created a leading domestic semiconductor equipment company, actively promoting high-end semiconductor fittings. 2. Performance is as expected, steadily moving forward - 2020.
3. Accelerating growth, with platforming advantages gradually emerging, focusing on a platformed strategy, a positive deployment of the next generation of key technologies, and a deepening of technology-protected rivers.
The company intends to invest $2.41 billion in the construction of the High-end Semiconductor Equipment Research and Development Project, a five-year investment cycle for the next generation of technology for high-end semiconductor equipment products, including advanced logic core process equipment, advanced storage core process equipment, advanced core containment work.
Art equipment, new and emerging semiconductor core process equipment, mini/microlled core process equipment and first-in-the-photo core process equipment. The company values the platforming strategy and develops projects covering semiconductor areas such as logical devices, storage devices, etc. and broad conductor areas such as led, photovoltaic, smooth single-track belts.
Risks such as cyclical fluctuations, and active deployment of the next generation of key technologies to deepen the moat. • Bridging the gap with overseas elites, capital markets helping to leapfrog, integrated circuit equipment industries with capital-intensive, talent-intensive, technology-intensive and global competition
At this point, the R & D cycle is long, and it is important to maintain a high and sustained level of R & D inputs and to keep product technology up to date in order to consolidate its strengths and keep moving forward. The overseas semiconductor equipment provider amat has invested an average of $1.618 billion in R & D over the last decade, with R & D spending ranging from 18 to 12% over the past year.
In 2020, amat R&D invested $2,234 million, or 12.99 per cent. Overseas corrosion equipment and thin membrane sediment equipment suppliers have invested an average of $862 million in R&D over the past decade, compared with 19-11 per cent in previous years and $1,252 million in R&D in 2020, or 12.47 per cent.
The company announcement showed that in 2019, the North had invested 1,137 million yuan in R & D, that there was a large gap between advanced international suppliers, and that the implementation of incremental projects had helped companies to narrow the gap between international leaders, drawing on the capacity of capital markets, and helping them to take off.
Downstream crystalworker capital costs are not as high as expected, industry competition increases, and global trade friction deepens, leading to uncertainty in the semiconductor-wide chain. Detailed entry and close follow-up of the mechanical white flag, with a focus on engineering machinery, lithium power equipment, general-purpose equipment, transhipment, etc.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.