National vouchers (securities Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services)
The company released its 2020 performance report and 2021q1 performance forecast on April 11, 2020. The company achieved a total annual revenue of $6,058 million, an increase of 49 per cent over the previous year and a net profit of $537 million for the mother.
3. Middle Reported 43% Growth in Performance, Semiconductor Equipment for Continuous Break-through - North China Creation Review, 2020.8.31
4. No Fear of the Epidemic, High Growth in Semiconductor Devices, A continuing upswing in the equipment industry, a gradual increase in national production rates and a positive trend in corporate orders. 210 million net profit returns in the first quarter of 2020q4, a significant increase of 133 per cent over the same period, are expected to be supported by government subsidies.
At the end of the third quarter of 2020, the contractual liability of $2.3 billion, or 61% more, was rising, and according to Semi, global sales of semiconductor manufacturing equipment grew by 16% to $68.9 billion in 2020.
In January/February 2021, the Chinese mainland increased the volume of semiconductor equipment exports by 30 per cent to 32 per cent respectively. In January, the Chief Executive announced that capital spending had increased significantly in 2021 to an active expansion of domestic crystal millers and that in 2021 the continental 12-inch crystal mill was expected to grow by more than 200,000 tablets per year.
In the case of the Yangtze storage, for example, the national production rate of its production pads began to be tendered from 25k/month in 2019 and the second cycle, and the equipment company is expected to meet the opportunity of plate size. The company’s ic equipment, photovoltaics, and third-generation semiconductor equipment are expected to grow at a high rate, with the product market holding.
In 2020, equipment such as company ic etching machines, pvd, cvd, ald, washing machines, stand-up furnaces, exterior furnaces, etc., achieved milestones in the certification of advanced processes, and new process applications of mature processes were subsequently introduced through customer verification: photovoltaic single-crystals, ostracism furnaces, pecvd, etc.
Rapid growth by downstream light-voltage demand: third-generation semiconductor equipment, such as sic long-crystal furnaces, etching machines, pvd, pecvd, etc., is starting a bulk supply market. Currently, the U.S. is expanding the scope of its scientific and technological export restrictions, the proportion of processes and imported quantities certified on the production line by semiconductor-state equipment is increasing, and companies are gradually increasing.
Silicon-based etching, pvd, and heat treatment equipment have been growing in the market year by year. Orders have been confirmed to be less than expected, downstream expansion and productivity climbs have been less than expected, and Central American trade risks have increased.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment