The company announced on 3 June that in 2021, it had applied for the Chinese CVM for a non-public share.
In the meantime, the Chinese government has agreed to increase by $8.5 billion, and the first half of the year was marked by new orders for heat treatment equipment and an additional order for an icp etching device for an 8-inch client.
An additional $8.5 billion is proposed to continue to expand the production capacity of electronics equipment and electronic components. According to the 22 April announcement, this non-publicized equity fund-raising project covers four phases of the semiconductor facility expansion project (to be funded).
The construction of three phases of the Project (730 million yuan, or 91.8 per cent of the total investment in the Project).
The production capacity of the precision stone crystals oscillators and 20 million special resists, as well as 500 annual integrated circuit equipment, 500 new semiconductor equipment, 300led equipment, 700 photovoltaic equipment, and the rapid expansion of the company ' s product market and supply capacity to respond to the future.
The company’s competitiveness is expected to increase further by securing the funds needed to develop high-end semiconductor equipment. This fund-raising project includes $2.41 billion for high-end semiconductor equipment development projects, which account for the total investment in the project.
77.0% for advanced logic core process equipment, advanced storage core process equipment, advanced encapsulation core process equipment, emerging semiconductor core process equipment, Mini/microlled core process equipment, advanced photovoltaic core process equipment, etc., to facilitate continuous close company follow-up
The number of orders increased significantly in the first half of 2021. According to some of the mainstream production lines published by China’s International Tender Network, the company has received 51 new orders since the beginning of 2021, close to 2020.
Sixty-three per cent of the 81 new orders were received, and the winning orders were dominated by thermal treatment equipment, etching equipment and pvd equipment, and the growth of orders in the second half of the year was expected to continue the same six months, with a clear platform advantage for the diversification of semiconductor equipment products.
In view of the historical average Māori rate and high industry climate of electronic components for a slightly longer period of time, The North’s Innovation: Towards Profit elasticity, High Performance Growth is marked by increasing uncertainty; R&D intensity is broadly profitable; and the planned start-up of construction projects is slower than planned.
The q3 performance growth rate is higher than expected, semiconductor equipment is expected; uncertainty about political friction on the international margins; industry climates are slightly higher than historical levels.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations