In line with expectations, the Uttar Pradesh company raised $6,056 million in 2020, an increase of 49.2 per cent, a net profit of $537 million to the mother.
The company, a semiconductor, vacuum equipment, lithium electricity, collects 1,423 million yuan, 51.8 per cent more than the same year, returns 73 million yuan net profit, and increases the same amount.
Of these, 175.3 per cent, net profits of $32 million were deducted, representing an increase of 349.0 per cent over the same period. Technology enterprises, downstream users, are involved in a number of areas, such as semiconductors, photovoltaics, new energy vehicles, aerospace, etc.
The main business is further tilted towards semiconductor equipment, opening up space for the growth of corporate value. In 2020, the company’s major national research project, the country’s most important semiconductor, collected $4.15 billion in semiconductor equipment, an increase of 60.2 per cent over the same period, raising its share to 69 per cent.
One billion is for the expansion of semiconductor equipment, 2.41 billion for the development of semiconductor equipment, 7.3 billion for the expansion of electronic components, and the rest to supplement liquidity. The proposed increase in investment plan further indicates that the future development of the Department will focus on more value-added semiconductor equipment.
Companies will continue to benefit from growth in the size of the domestic market and an increase in the rate of domestic production of equipment. According to Semi, global semiconductor equipment sales in 2020 amounted to $71.119 billion, with China’s large and global semiconductor equipment sales reaching $719.1 billion and $76.1 billion in 2022, with mainland China’s share in the market.
The product involves a variety of crystal-crystal core equipment, such as etching machines, furnaces, pvd, cvd, etc., and some of the product technologies are world-class, so while benefiting from the growth of the domestic market, the company will also be part of the total stock/flowa (millions of shares)
Support from domestic crystal-crylic plants is an important opportunity for companies to grow. According to statistics, the number and weight of companies’ products in crystal-crystal plants, such as those stored in the Yangtze River, are on the rise each year.
The alternative approach to national production of equipment is positive, on the one hand, and shows that the company’s products are already quite competitive in terms of technology, services, and production as compared to its foreign leader. The company is expected to accompany the development of its semi-carrier industry and gradually grow into a globally competitive semi-conductor equipment manufacturer.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We expect that the company’s net return profits for the period 2021-2023 will result, respectively, in some raw materials that are not available, and semiconductor end-market demand will fall short of expectations.
Wuty@dxzq.net.cn Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery North China (002371); performance growth is as expected, with a targeted booster semiconductor expansion of equipment
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Uttar Pradesh (002371): Performance growth in line with expectations and expansion of enabling semiconductor equipment
Master of Finance, University of Shandong, Graduated from Harbin Industrial University, Master of Industrial Sciences, formerly employed as a nuclear power engineer at the China-China Nuclear Group, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 for research in the electronics sector.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.