Downstream demand is booming, raising capital to open up long-term space, growth is 49 per cent; net return to mothers is 500 million yuan, an increase of 74 per cent. 21q1 achieves operating income of 1.4 billion yuan, high demand from downstream, and growth is high throughout 21q1 and 2020.
1) 21q1 achieves a revenue of 1.4 billion, an increase of 52 per cent and a decline of 36 per cent; the Māori rate of 40 per cent, an increase of 3 pct, an increase of 0.2 pct; the net profit from maternity of 73 million yuan, an increase of 175 per cent. The main reason for this significant increase is a strong domestic demand. 2) The Māori rate of 6 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 49 per cent. The Māori rate of 37 per cent, a decrease of 4 pct.
3) 20q4: 2.2 billion yuan, an increase of 68 per cent. The Māori rate is 39 per cent, an increase of 2 pct, a reduction of 6 pct.
Oxidation/discharge furnaces, etc. are entering the production phase. 8 inch integrated circuit equipment is put into the market, third generation semiconductor equipment is required 3) Photovoltaic and lithium battery equipment: benefiting from battery technology replacements, new high-efficiency battery production is continuously expanding, and photovoltaic equipment signed at an all-time high for efficient perc batteries.
New technology for active deployment, increasing the capacity to raise funds (1) and the expansion of semiconductor equipment in industry (four phases): when completed, it will become the company's largest manufacturing base for equipment production.
2) High-end semiconductor equipment development project: to develop technology for the next generation of high-end semiconductor equipment products and maintain the company ' s leading position in the area of integrated circuit equipment. 3) High-precision electronic components industrial base expansion project (phase III): formation of 220,000 high-precision rock crystals
The company is a domestic semiconductor-equipment leader, with wide national production replacement space, and for the first time covers a “recommended” rating. Trade friction between the US and China has intensified, and research and development has fallen short of expectations.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Higher Institute of Finance from the Shanghai Transport University.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.