Total year 2020 harvests met expectations, 2021q1 opened doors (2) companies published a quarterly 2021 report, 2021q1 generated operating income of $1,423 million, and liquidity (million shares)
• The year 2020 saw a significant increase in revenues, and the trend towards national production of high-end electronic equipment continued to be positive, with company prices compared to the trend of 300 deep, with sophisticated applications such as communications, new energy vehicles, and so on.
In 2020, 714 million yuan (Yoy+17.18 per cent) was collected; net profits were 0.68, yoy+35.91 per cent, benefiting mainly from the growth of the downstream new energy and materials industry, with a vacuum and hot-working infrastructure for sustained growth.
Billions of dollars, yoy+60.22%; net profit of $176 million, yoy+127.0%, largely benefiting from the continued growth in demand for chips and the acceleration of domestic production of semiconductor equipment. We believe that corporate revenue has increased significantly, reflecting the synergies between the business layouts of corporate platforms and the convergence of business with each other.
Downstream customers, especially domestic autonomous crystal-crys, are increasingly involved, and continue to promote domestic semiconductor-based investment in R & D and to consolidate the firm's core competitive advantage.
In 2020, the company invested $1.608 billion in research and development, accounting for operating income, accumulated 5141 patents, and accumulated 2,894 patents. In semiconductor advanced programs, the company made a number of advances.
"Technology" "Technology for the design of multi-area temperature-controlled electrostatic disks" "Technology for particle control during etching" 3 core processes, cumulative delivery of the icp carving machines in 2020 in excess of 1000 cavities, special process areas, 1. Proposed additional funding of no more than $8.5 billion to speed up the flight
The company has broken through the high-purity semi-insulation sic growth process, releasing the high-purity semi-insulation sic long-crystal solution, perfecting the product series.
Four processes series of chemical weather deposition, principle layer deposition, with high accuracy temperature control, strict metal pollution control and stable transmission control. In 2020, the service product of the Theoris stereo was delivered to the 100th plant. The company follows the feature size of the integrated circuit chip.
The trend towards industrial development, with a reduction and shift from a flat structure to a three-dimensional structure, to technological R & D work, and the continuous upgrading of technological innovation and market competitiveness. • High innovation in forward-looking indicators, laying the tone for high growth throughout the year
The company's production model of “cut-off” production, with the bulk of the products in stock awaiting acceptance, reported a stock of $5.940 billion in the first quarter of 2021, with yoy + 49.30 per cent, an increase of 20.40 per cent compared with the beginning of the year, creating a steady increase in the order of the firm, laying the tone for high growth throughout the year.
● The semiconductor manufacturing energy core shifts to the interior of the country, and the semiconductor equipment is being produced for gold. According to the Semi data, the global market for crystal-crystal processing equipment reached $71.2 billion, yoy + 19 per cent in 2020, with a continuous upswing, of which mainland China sold $18.72 billion.
It is becoming the world’s largest semiconductor equipment market, with a growing trend towards a shift of gravity in semiconductor manufacturing around the globe, and it is clear that the development of the domestic semiconductor equipment industry offers historic opportunities. Companies intend to raise $8.5 billion in funds, optimize industrial space layouts, and upgrade semiconductor equipment cutting edges.
The power of technology research and development further strengthens the industrial base, helping companies to fly. Downstream crystalworker’s capital costs fall short of expectations, industry competition increases, and global trade friction deepens, creating uncertainty in the semiconductor’s entire industrial chain.
Figure 2 Company net profit and year-on-year net profit and year-on-year net profit and year-on-year profit deductions and year-on-year gains
Figure 9 Māori sales rate and net interest rate
Chart 13 has a business composition (subproducts) Chart 14 has a Māori ratio of its products over the years Chart 15 has a wave of 8 inches of production on the mainland
Figure 16 Current/in progress/planned 12 inches of production on the mainland Chart 17 Non-public distribution of fund-raising projects Detailed follow-up of the mechanical white pontoon, with a focus on engineering machinery, lithium power equipment, general-purpose equipment, interrogatories, etc. Crystal ball number one in 2018
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.