Performance meets expectations, with urban and rural digital new capital beneficiaries 23 February 2022 The event: 22 February 2022, when the company released its performance report. In 2021, the company became operational.
Gross revenue of $81,301 million, an increase of 28.03 per cent over the same period the previous year; operating profits of $18,471 million, an increase of 19.50 per cent over \triangleright.
Lead, driven by technological innovation. Corporate performance is sustained by technology innovation driven by three major business groups and offshore operations \triangleright
The company, as the leading video link in the world’s cities, repeated global epidemics in 2021 and changes in the corporate structure of the Ministry of Industry, has now formed a vertical vertical industry layout covering public security, transport, justice, finance, human health, energy and buildings seven and more than 40 subsectors.
1. Haekangway (002415): Reorganization of performance, reorganization of resources, division of domestic operations into three business groups: pbg, ebg, smbg, high growth, focus on accelerating industrial concentration
A more targeted ground for different types of markets and customers, and more effective coordination of internal and industrial resources. 2. [Hyconway] (002415): q1 and the machine vision and robotic ai innovation dividend continue to fall.
\triangleright, with a technological leader, now covers the visual components of specialized machines such as light sources, lenses, cameras, visual controllers, etc. In the case of industrial robots, the company sets up the Haikang robot to provide the industry with the full scope of robotic intelligence plants.
At the same time, in the case of service robots, the company announces that it will divide the market-based fluorescent web-licensing evidence of its great potential for incubating innovation. Under the flag of the fluorescent network, children escort robots, smart and visual pets, feeding foods, and starship smart cloud visual robots cover the respective service robot track with different dimensions.
Investment Recommendations: The company that is the current global technology giant and that has taken the lead in adapting to the debrisic characteristics of the alot era through proactive structural change will take the lead in enjoying the benefits of the many new developments in the age of intelligence, with the company expected to return a net profit of 192.01 million yuan and 23.38 billion yuan in 2022-2023, corresponding to cents.
Not 23x and 19x. Selecting the bind e-equipment, with a total of 30 companies and a 22-year average of 30x, the company has a certain valuation advantage and maintains a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.