I'm looking forward to a new edition of the Haikang Robotics.
On the evening of December 30, 2021, the company issued an indicative bulletin on the authorization of the company to start the pre-market preparation of the company's branch of operations, Hangang State Robotic Technology Ltd. The Haikang robotics business has developed rapidly in recent years, and the company has announced the initiation of the split into the national market.
According to the bulletin, based on the overall strategic layout of the company, and taking into account the business development needs of the Haikang robot, the company is moving the market value (million yuan):
For China’s manufacturing industry is now fast approaching the age of intelligent manufacturing, and the Heicon robots, which provide mobile robots and machines with visual products, are on a fast-growing, high-quality track. The Heicon robotics business, which has built up its advantages over the years in terms of hardware, hardware, algorithms, marketing systems, etc., has become an industry.
One of the most important suppliers is the company’s new business ladder, which has been largely formed, and the fluorescent network is moving ahead in an orderly manner. By doing so, it is helping to boost the rapid development of the Haikang robot and consolidate its industry’s leading role.
The company has now expanded its intelligent home, robotics, auto electronics, storage, infrared visual devices, dissuasive solutions, intelligence testing, etc., and the development ladder for innovative business has been largely formed. In recent years, the company’s innovation business has continued to grow rapidly, raising $9.24 billion in the first three quarters of 2021, a year-on-year increase.
The strong momentum for corporate development continues to open up the space for medium- and long-term development.
“Preparations for the separation of the company's affiliate, Hangzhou Firestone Network, Ltd., to be listed on the board,” announcing the independent listing of the Firestone Network as a platform for intelligence home and cloud platform service operations under the company.
The company revised the draft equity incentive, tied the long-term development of the core workforce escort, published the draft equity incentive, and the Dowy Examination approved extensive coverage.
For the purpose of this incentive programme, which has a wide coverage and a high level of performance evaluation, the objectives are consistent with the company's long-standing military strategy, and it is hoped that the company's core workforce will be tied up, team motivation fully mobilized and long-term for the company.
The company provides video-centric smartness networking solutions and big data services to global users, with a full advantage in terms of technology, products and solutions, and a wide range of potential for future growth.
Long; rapid growth of innovative business, with Heikang robots on the market; company operations over the past five years, frequent outbreaks of neocrowd pneumonia; unreleased demand for the digital transformation of business; and unexploited overseas markets.
As expected; innovative business development less than expected; and increased competition in the industry. Figure 1: Heiconway author with professional qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice awarded by the Chinese Securities Association over the past five years, with a diligent and professional attitude, independent and objective
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.