Wang Wei-chul (002415.sz) c0062@capital.com.tw
A faster growth at the receiving end: firm ebg operations are estimated to be growing robustly, pbg operations are affected by the macroenvironment, slowing down in the second half of the year, smbg is growing faster in the first half of the year, is affected by pipeline stocks, slowing down in the second half of the year, innovation operations are estimated to remain growing at a high rate, and subsequent companies will split up.
The company’s profits in 2021 were 23.7%, down 1.2 percentage points from the previous year.
We estimate that this is mainly due to a certain pressure on the Maori rate and an increase in R & D spending. The plan is to break the lock three times, with the test rate of no less than 20% of the net asset return for the year prior to the release point, and no less than the 75 percentile level of the pole company for the same period.
Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulation a. Annual growth in compound operating income of not less than 15% over the year preceding the award, and not less than the 75-square-centre growth rate of the Marker Division for the same period.
A reasonable equity incentive scheme would contribute to a robust growth in the company’s performance, as well as to the stability of its personnel.
Figure: Foreign and domestic operations of the company as a percentage of receipts (in %) Data source: Corporate Bulletins, Group Gold Securities Collation Data source: Corporate Bulletins, Group Gold Securities Collapse
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.