The growth of the core business of selected commercial production projects has been strong, and the first quarter of 2023 of Pharmacy (603259) was evaluated: the company published the first quarter of 2023. 2023q1, the company achieved a gross operating income of $8,964 million.
This represents an increase of 5.77 per cent over the same period; a net return to the mother is 2,168 million yuan, an increase of 31.97 per cent over the same year; and a net loss to the mother is 1,869 million yuan, an increase of 9 per cent over the same period. Performance is as expected. Chemical operations are growing faster with the elimination of specific commercialized production projects. 2023q1, company chemistry
Businesses, test businesses, biology, cellular and gene therapy ctdmo, respectively, generated $6,433 million, 1,453 million, 577 million, 324 million yuan, a 5.15 per cent increase and a 31.02 per cent decrease, respectively, in comparison with the previous year.
The pace of growth has been relatively slow in terms of the environmental impact of global investment financing; the services of process R & D and production (d&m) have generated $4,539 million, an increase of 3.8 per cent over the same period, excluding specific commercialization projects, d&m revenues from continuing to develop new customers, and demand for older clients ' services has continued to grow. 2023q1, with companies adding super-clients.
More than 310, with more than 6,000 active clients; 99% of the company ' s income coming from its original clientele, and $80 million from its own new clientele. Subregionally, the company ' s 2023q1 revenue from its American customer investment proposal: the advantages of a company ' s industrial chain integration are evident. The overall performance is expected to increase steadily in 2023.
Discontinuation of recognized commercialization projects, expected growth in wuxichemistry revenues is 36-38 per cent, and the projected increase in tides (new molecular operations in wuxichemistry) is nearly two times the overall rate of growth in wuxichemistry; other business plates (wuxitting, wuxibiology, wuxiatu)
Anticipated, brain drain, risk of failure in drug research and development, loss of large customers, industry policy risk, etc., “positive” investors are only suitable for use of a research report with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors are suitable for use of the various categories of our Department that have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence as a result of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively known.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.