I don't know, wuxiapptec (603259ch) helthygrrowthamidchallengingenvironment buy (Maintain)
It's the first time I've ever been to a place like this before, but it's the first time I've ever been to a place like this before.
rmb121.52) rmb8,964mn, up6% yoy.itpostedattriblerecurringnetcomeof up/downside
rmb1,869mn, <9% yoy, andattribleadjusticenon-ifrsnetincomeof rmb2,342mn, <14% yoy.1q23revenue/adjustednon-ifrsnetincome chinahealthcare
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it again, and you're going to have to do it again.
If you want to be a part of the world, you can be a part of the world, and if you want to be a part of it, you can be a part of it, and you can be a part of it, and you can't be a part of it.
You've got 5-7% yooyand 12-14% yoygrovethtargetforitsrevenue and non-ifrsgrosprofitresactiveally2023e.
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}globalhealthcarewindingslow-downreimainsakeyfactortobe stockdata watched.accordingtovdata, global/chinahethcareroundingdecreased
By 41%-57% yoyin1q23, following thedeclineof 43%-54% yooyin2022.
I don't know, and bigpharmacompanies remainedatreactively healthylevels, industrialviews.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
540mnin1q23, representing ~ 9.6% (vs ~ 10.4% in 2022)of interpretation (expluding covid-19commercialprocts) Moreover, new source: factset
40% yoygrovethin 1q23, representing 25.3% (vs 22.5% in 2022) ofsegmentrevenue.the (rm)
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know if you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
1q23, withwoinbrailviewpageandotherofwoinblapration stage.managementextacttosemercialdemandrisin2h23ewith source:factset
With theadjustmentofflingangsite, management indicatedgpmofwixiatuturnpositiveforfull-year2023e.additionally, accustomofdsusementofmentobtainoftainedmarketingapprovalforanewcovid
Druginmar 2023, whichmayconstrubuteaddiportoraltyincome.Yardfmodelwith Waccof 11.57% and terminalgrothof 3.0%, trefect uncertativesinhealthcarefunding.weforcastwuxiapptec'srevenueto
Growby 5.8.8 per cent/28.8 per cent yoyandadjustednon-ifrsnetincomoteogrow figure 1: earlysrevision source: companydata, bloomberg, cmigmes
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Orissaerthattheanalystoveredinthrisk: (1) alloftheviewsexpressed accrelatelyrefleclecthorherpersonsalviewsoutthesubjectsitesecuritys orissues; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directordirectly, relatedtotheotherspecialviewsexpressed bytheatanalytestin implementation.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecurities andfuturescompmission) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchworldworldof30caldardayspriortoothetateissue ofthisreport; (2) whillldealilinortradehead(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofdateofdateissueofissueissueissueissuesport); (3)
Anofficerofanof thehongkonglistedcompanies overedinthisreport; and (4) hasavinyfinancialinterestsinthehongkonglisties coveredinthisreports.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Market-perform underperform cm internationalglobalmarketslimited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oritsaffiliate(s) towhomitisdistried.thisreportisnotandsouldnotbeconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanysecurityornyinterestin securitiesorierintonytransactions.neithmignoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholds, agents, consuls, directors, officersoremployeshalbe lableforanyls, damageorexpensewhatsoever, whethretorconfential, incurredinrelyintinedinementist.anyone
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's industrious, the company's industrious, recipientsshouldbeouldwarathat and bigmmayhaveaconflictointerestatcoldaffect theobjectivityofthisreport and the coswillnotatassemonyspresibilizationspeculatedotherof.thisreportisfortheuseofuseofofindicatedsciencelyandthispublication, maynanotbereproduced, reprinated, sold, redidbutedorpublishedinwholeorinpartoforanypurposewofoutpriorwrittenconsentof and bigm.
I don't know what you're talking about, or (ii) archerosfallahingwithinarticle 49(a)to(d)("highnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Idendedforistritionintheunisolelyto "majorusinstitutionalinvestors", asdefinedinture15a-6undertheus, securitiesexhangeactof 1934, asamended, andmaynotbefurnishedtoanotherpersonsintheunidatestates.eachmajorusinstitutionalinvestorvesivescopofthistireport byatsacceptanceherhereofrepresentsandagreathatitshotnottyrestiorprovidethistoantootherotherson.anyu.s.recipimentofthithisitoportworldviewactions.
effectanytransactiontobuyorsellsecuritiesbagontheinformationprovidedinthysportoulddosoonlythroughau.s.-registeredbroker-dealer.forcipientsofthisdocumentindicatingapore thisreportistribuddinginsaporebycmbi(singapore)pte.mited(cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20173128d), anexemptfinancialadvisersdefined
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
I don't know, and certainsact (cap.289) ofsingapore, and bisgacceptslegalressionforthecontentsotheporttosuchpersonlytotheextentrequiredbylaw.