Pharmacy 603259.sh - Annual Report Review 2022 - 71.84 per cent increase in annual revenues, continuing to break 10 billion in four quarters a year.
The company collected $28,850 million in 2022 for chemical, test, biology, atu, and ddsu operations, respectively.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price major driving force, with the elimination of the new crown commercialization project, continued to grow strongly by 39.7 per cent, while the number of small molecules crdmo projects continued to grow, 50 commercialization projects (+19 per cent) and clinical iii phase projects continued to grow.
57 (16.3%), clinical stage 293 (+16.3%), clinical stage and preclinical project 19,941 (+47.3%), new molecules increasing significantly (+90.9%). On the other hand, ctdmo, clinical stage and preclinical project 50
Tests, biology are growing steadily, and ddsu operations are being upgraded. In testing operations, companies continue to take advantage of integrated platforms to provide clients with ind global declaration integration services and to speed up the process of developing new medicines; for biological operations, del and pyrotechnic discovery platforms serve clients.
500 plus new projects to announce clinical entry through del-screened stimulant compounds, new molecules, services as an important driver of biological plate growth; and ddsu proactive business upgrades, focusing on the tri-quarter review of Pharmacy Condé-603259-2021: no loss of atmosphere, integration.
In 2022, a more innovative candidate drug was made available through a better-quality project pipeline, with 28 ind declarations and 34 clinical trial batches with a positive growth outlook of 2023.
The investment proposal is that the advantages of an integrated business model will continue, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Industry positions will continue to be strong, the new title will continue to be delivered in 2023, raising the 2023 profit forecast,
A sustained strengthening of competition, a gradual recovery of test-type operations, promising a steady medium-term improvement in performance and a “buy-in”: a net return of $9.399 billion (+83.2 per cent) and a net profit increase faster than the income gains of the same period, as a result of the company's continuous optimization of its operational efficiency and sustained improvement in its capacity utilization, with a further impact of scale.
Billion dollars (-6.46 per cent) and single-quarter non-mortality net profit of 2,028 million yuan (+111.83 per cent).
1.9% (-1.2 pp), 11.3% (-2.4 pp), -0.6% (-1.0 pp), and cost controls are good and management can increase by 0.2 pp.
Figure 6: Profitability of Pharmacy Conduit (%) remained strong at 39.7% after the crown commercialization project, “following molecules” strategy driven by high growth and global layouts, due to low utilization of new entry bases and a proliferation of proactive business upgrades, respectively.
Figure 10: The Māori share of Pharmacy Condé in 2022 was driven by the “integrated crdmo and ctdmo business model”. In 2022, the company’s small molecules, crdmo chemical business, showed strong growth, with a cumulative total of 2,341 d&m tubes, of which 50 were commercialized and clinically ii
57 clinical-ii projects, 293 clinical-i projects and 1941 pre-clinical projects, with accelerated growth of new molecules. At the same time, the company ' s ongoing capacity-building and facility design will in the future better respond to the needs of global partners. In At Atu operations, the company has strengthened its unique ctdmo platform, taking advantage of past technical experience to further expand it.
Lines, two of the eight clinical 111 projects have been submitted for listing, and it is expected that in 2023, the company will approach a steady growth in testing, biology, and new molecular services will be the primary drivers of biology. In testing operations, the company will continue to exploit the advantages of an integrated platform to provide clients with an integrated in-kind global declaration service to speed up their clients ' new drugs.
R & D process. In 2022, the Clinical Cro business served about 200 projects, helped clients obtain 15 clinical trials, batches, smo-enabling 35 innovative drugs were marketed, and 17 projects were successfully converted from pre-clinical to clinical, making full use of platform synergies through project-guiding. The medical instrument testing business resumed significantly, and the company continued to drive production.
It builds and improves the global layout of operations. For biology, del and pyrotechnic discovery platforms serve 500 more clients, and projects have announced clinical entry through del-screened stimulant compounds; new molecular services account for 22.5% of the revenues of the bio-business plate, which is an important driving force in the growth of the biological plate.
During the past year, the company has taken the initiative to upgrade its operations, focusing on better project lines, and to provide more innovative candidate drugs. This strategic orientation has already yielded positive results, with 28 ind declarations and 34 clinical trials completed in 2022.
By the end of 2022, the company had completed 172 ind declarations and obtained 144 clinical test investment proposals: core advantages of integration are sustained, with a “buy-in” rating maintained. Industry status is stable, new crowns are gradually recovering, performance is expected to improve and buy-in is maintained.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them