The performance growth is expected and the major operations are steadily moving fast.
The first quarter of 2023 was recently published. The first quarter of 2023 was reported as: 2,923q1 achieved revenue of 8,964 million (+5.77 per cent of the year), mother ' s net profit of 2,168 million (+31.97 per cent of the year) and non-mother ' s net profit was deducted.
Crdmo and ctdmo business models are very powerful, and companies have rapidly developed their business market value in circulation (millions of dollars): Sub-business: chemical business revenue is over $6.4 billion (year-on-year + 5 per cent), of which drug discovery (r) services
Nearly 1.9 billion (year-on-year + 9 per cent) and more than 4.5 billion (year-on-year + 4 per cent) in services for process R & D and production (d&m); 22 per cent increase in revenues for chemical operations from selected commercial production projects. 2023q1 won 258 molecules, including one new molecule in the commercialization phase, up to
At the end of 2023q1, the total number of d&m tubes amounted to 2,590, of which 55 were commercialized, 57 were clinical ii phase, 301 were clinical ii phase, i was clinical and 2177 were preclinic projects.
Sex evaluation business grew by 24% the same year. Biology revenue was close to 600 million (year + 8%), dna compiled new molecular species and biopharmaceutical-related revenues from biological business plates increased strongly by 40% the same year, and accounted for the bio.
Report points: Performance growth is up to expectations, conventional operations are growing rapidly, and new class-related biological services have become an important driver of the growth of biological plates. Cells and gene therapy has grown strongly.
Business income exceeded $300 million (year-on-year + 9 per cent), with a 9 per cent increase in test income from the same year, a 55 per cent decline in process development from the same year, mainly due to the cancellation of some of the projects in the second half of last year, and revenues from production services from the same amount as in the study by the Société d ' Etat -- Pharmacy Condé (603259.sh) in March 2022.
A total of 68 projects were served, including 8 ii clinical pilot projects, 8 iii quarterly report points: performance growth accelerated, phase-out of the commercialization of the new crown project Clinical pilot projects (of which 2 projects were submitted for listing and 2 projects were listed for approval)
Growth is still strong (2022.11.01 ready phase). The new drug research and development services in the country will earn less than 200 million dollars, down 31% from the same year, and the decline will be mainly due to lower demand from Chinese clients, which will reduce the number of new projects.
From the share of sales of medicines. By the end of 2023q1, the company had cumulatively completed 175 projects, Ma Yuntao projects were in the process of listing, 6 projects were in clinical iii and 27 projects were clinicalii.
During the period, 70 projects were in clinical stages.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.