The performance of the pharmaceutical team has continued to grow and human effectiveness has steadily improved.
1. Pharmacy Companion: Re-innovation of Performance Growth, 2023 robust, building on the crdmo/ctdmo business model, with sustained and productive results.
3. " Three-quarter growth acceleration, performance over expectations - three-quarter performance rating " , with 258 additional molecules added to the crdmo pipeline from the line of operations.
Moleculars, 55 commercialization projects, and 57 clinical ii phase projects: cgtctdmo now accumulates 52 pre-clinical and clinical stage projects, 8 clinical stage projects, and 8 clinical stage projects.
The company continues to have more than 6,000 active clients. In terms of income, the company receives about $3.15 billion (17.4%) from the global top 20 pharmaceutical clients, eliminating the new crown commercialization project.
From the Biotech clients, the income grew by 53.2% over the year, and the efficiency of business management continued to improve.
Regulatory risk, loss risk of core technicians, exchange rate risk, etc. Chemical operations (wuxichemistry): Molecular pipelines continue to be enriched, new molecular operations continue to be released with revenues of $6.43 billion (+5.1 per cent); adjusted non-ifrs Māori (2.89 billion (+17.1 per cent); adjusted non-ifrs)
The Māori rate is 44.9% (+4.6 pts). Of this, after the rejection of the new crown commercialization project, the wuxichemistry business plate received an increase of 21.8% in revenue on the same date, driven by a dual drive of “following molecules plus winning molecules” and the continued expansion of the molecular pipe.
258, including one new molecule in the commercial phase. The company ' s d&m pipeline now stands at 2,590, of which 55 are commercialized projects and 57 are clinically iii phase projects. New molecule operations continue to grow in volume and earnings are strong.
A total of 112 clients (+22 per cent) were served during the first quarter of the year, while the number of service providers was 193 (+28 per cent) and was continuously released. Testing operations (wuxitting): analytical and testing operations maintained robust growth, laboratory analysis and testing operations maintained robust growth.
1450 million yuan (+13.6 per cent); adjusted non-ifrs Māori (+15.6 per cent); adjusted nón-ifrs Māori Clinical coro&smo operating income of 400 million yuan (+7.7 per cent), of which Smo operating income increased by 16.9 per cent from the same year, and currently covers over 1,000 hospitals in about 150 cities throughout the country and is in the lead domestically.
It has helped 13 products to be marketed efficiently for their clients and is expected to maintain steady growth in the future. Biology (wuxibiology): The technological platform is a global leader, and the new molecular class is growing rapidly, and it is expected that the new molecular class-related business will continue to grow.
Biology has achieved revenue of $580 million (+8.3%) in its business block 1023; 240 million (+8.7%) in its adjusted non-ifrs; 41.5% (+0.2 pts) in its adjusted non-ifrs. Although it was affected by the impact of the global investment in finance in its early years, the business has grown.
One of the major drivers of the plate is the new molecular class-related income, which increased by 40% from 1q23 to 25.3% of the plate. The technology platform is a global leader in providing a full range of biological services.
One, with about 3,000 experienced scientists in nine parks in China, the United States and Germany, provides a full range of biological services and solutions, covering all phases of new drug discovery and all major areas of disease. At the same time, the company has a total of hundreds of millions, 6,000 unique molecular supports, 35,000 molecular blocks, and a target torna/commodity compounds/doubles.
Several special libraries, such as functional molecules/circles. cgtctdmo operations (wuxiatu): The integration platform is expanding and is expected to open up to commercialization projects that are subject to short-term pressure on profitability due to the newly activated port base.
Revenue of $320 million (+8.7 per cent), consisting of a 8.6 per cent increase in the same year for testing operations, a 55.4 per cent decline in the same year for process development operations, a 7.1 per cent increase in production services, and a decline in income from process development operations, mainly due to the cancellation of some projects in the second half of the year.22 The 1q23 realization of the adjusted non-ifrs Māori-020 million is due mainly to the current use of the newly launched Shanghai terminal operating base.
We believe that the profitability of the wuxiatu business block is expected to improve further with the gradual recovery of the use of the port base. The pipeline project is well-stocked, and commercial production projects are expected to follow.
These include 52 pre-clinical and clinical stage projects, 8 clinical stage projects, 8 clinical stage projects (2 of which are in the bla audit phase and 2 in the bla preparation phase). At the same time, the company has contributed to the completion of a bla project that will be the world ' s first innovative oncological lymphocyte therapy (til) project: and a Chinese client that will contribute to a Chinese client.
The completion of the car-t cell therapy slow-virus carrier (lvvv) project, bla. and the successful on-site extension of the cfdi drug register, became the first Cgtcdmo in China to be verified on-site by cfdilvv. If progress is made as scheduled, the Department will be able to launch a commercial production project in the second half of 2023.
In-country new drug research and development service business (Wuxiddsu): new drugs developed for clients were approved for approval in the city ' s first year, business initiatives were upgraded and domestic clients ' demand decreased, with a similar performance decline. In terms of performance, the wuxiddsu industry block 1q23 achieved revenue of 170 million yuan (-31.0 per cent); adjusted non-ifrs Māori of 400 million yuan (-49.9 per cent);
Adjustment of the noon-ifrs Māori rate of 41.5% (+0.2 pts). The decline in performance is due, on the one hand, to the proactive upgrading of the company’s operations, which will focus on promoting higher quality project pipelines; on the other hand, the number of new projects that have been marketed as a result of lower demand from Chinese clients, and the future sharing of benefits in the development of new medicines for clients.
New drugs to treat new coronary infections have been marketed and will be shared in the future on the basis of the sale of medicines as a client agreement. According to the company, as more and more ddsu clients are on the market, it is expected to reach about 50% of the relevant rating ratio analysis in the market over the next 10 years.