Performance meets expectations, multi-operational synergies and robust development Events: Pharmacy Condt published its first quarterly report in 2023. Operating income was $8,964 million (+5.77 per cent) in the first quarter of 2023, resulting in net profit to the mother of $2,168 million (+31.97 per cent) and net non-return to the mother.
The profits are 1.869 billion yuan (+9.02% of the year), adjusted to a net profit of 2,342 million non-ifrs (with continuous improvement in management capacity and steady increase in profitability).
Multi-operational synergies drive sound corporate development. The company’s five-block business details for the first quarter of 2023 \triangleright as follows: 1) chemistry: achieves revenue of $6,433 million (+5.15%), of which r-related revenue
D&m grew by 30.0% after the crowning business. Tides (new molecule types, mainly multi-molecular and nuclear-based capacity building in Delaware, Singapore. 2) Tating: income of 1,453 million mono-security ratings increased by 24%, clinical cro and smo earned $399 million (+769%), monosmo
In March 2023, a new drug developed by the Department for its clients was placed on the market and is expected to be sold since 2023.
The integration platform supports long-term development, and the new business layout opens up the upscaling space. The corporate integrated crdmo, ctdmo business model is improving, with $7.95 billion in q1 in 2023 from clients using multi-sector services (compared to +7.5%).
In 2023, tides (new molecule types of chemical plates, mainly polythyrin and nucleic acid) are expected to grow at a rate of almost two times the rate of overall chemical operations.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: Increased industry competition, declining demand for research and development and outsourcing in the pharmaceutical sector, domestic and international policy risks, and less than expected expansion of new business.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, 2 years of experience in securities practice.
Wu Xin, team member, Master of Biomedical Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, joined the Sinda Securities in April 2022, in charge of research on medical devices and Chinese medicine plates, formerly Zhao Shug-Sun, team member, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Melon University, 2 years of securities practice, 2022
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-regulated securities advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.