Since 2003, the company has been operating in the photovoltaic sector, and has now become a leading business in the eval film industry. As the world’s photovoltaic industry warms, the main product, the e-film market, has become more innovative.
In 2016, the size of the sales volume-compatible machine was 35gw, with a global share of about 48%. In recent years, accelerated deployment of new industrial materials, such as electronic chemical materials, lithium-cell soft-packed materials and led-packed materials, has increased risk resistance and increased new profit growth points.
Good policies, sustained growth in the photovoltaic sector, and policies in the domestic photovoltaic industry to further improve the environment for industrial development, long-term good market performance (last year)
Core competitiveness continues to be strengthened, bargaining power further strengthened, corporate equipment, product R & D strong, autonomous innovation hardware platform built, market-based
Demand and feedback continue to develop new products and processes. As R & D inputs grow, key product size advantages are highlighted, good quality is highly trusted by downstream component manufacturers, branding continues to grow.
Improved bargaining power over upstream suppliers of raw material, eva resin.
As a result of the licensing of trademark patents, companies have been able to expand their applications for the two-bond component sealing.
Single-crystal poles, industrial development leaders - falling product prices, short-term performance pressure - Lungi stock depth study
In the first quarter of 2017, the volume of the company's photovoltaic film and backboards increased by 17.25 per cent and 62.89 per cent, respectively, but because the average sales price of the photovoltaic film and backboard fell by 12.22 per cent and 15.79 per cent, respectively, and because the Shanxi State changed the series of precious energy sources — loaned.
The average unit purchase price of the eva resin rose by 5.8 per cent, resulting in a 37.32 per cent decline in corporate net profits on a year-on-year basis.
For the first time, the “two-wing” industry has changed to a higher state than the other 1.22, 1.58 and 1.97 dollars. In conjunction with the relative valuation results, it has been given an “enhancement” of the overall trend in the photovoltaic industry, the firm's stable position in the industry and the expectation of its continued development.
Research Assistant: He Kensung, Dr. (1) Photovoltaic machine not growing as expected; (2) new business markets not expanding as expected.
Forster Photovoltaic Materials Co. Ltd., Hangzhou, formerly Faustge Melting Film Co. Ltd., was established on 12 May 2003 and successfully placed on the December 2009 Stock Exchange. The company is a company that focuses on new materials development, production and production.
High-technology enterprises sold mainly for the development, production and sale of eva solar battery film, co-poly ammonium wire-based heat-melting film, solar battery backboard products. After 13 years of development, it has now become a global eva solar battery film.
The company’s products were successively included in the national torch programme and the national priority product programme, which were awarded the first prize for “New Industrial Products and New Technologies in Zhejiang Province.”
Clients such as Kwang-il, Jing-ao, Attass, and Jeong-tae were rated as excellent suppliers, and backboard products were rated as excellent suppliers of China's photovolt lead materials. The company now owns nine subsidiaries in Thailand, Hong Kong, Hangzhou, Jiangsu, etc.
In the production of new materials, photovoltaic power stations, international trade, smart equipment, etc.
The company’s main business is the development, production and sale of photo-voltage envelopes of film and backboards.
Encapsulation of materials, covering and protecting solar cells, extending the useful life of components. After many years of research and development, a range of products have been introduced to accommodate different customers.
Columns, anti-pid series, anti-snail line, white series and super-fast-fixed system columns; the po membrane consists of intertwining, hot-plastic and enlight series.
Figure 2 Forster's main product should be used in solar battery modules.
Large internal and external petrochemical enterprises establish long-term and stable cooperative relationships through imports, other raw materials for production are procured directly from domestic and foreign producers, and to a lesser extent through distributors.
Some are foreign customers or their agents, whose products are sold in direct sales mode.
Business performance has grown year after year, with high sales innovation in 2016. Policies have been put in place to support the rapid growth of the photovoltaic industry, which has led to an increase in the performance of the public sector each year.
Long, especially with the new height of 34.54gw in the country, the production line of the company has been fully loaded, the volume of major products has increased significantly, with a total of 467 million m2 of eva film sold throughout the year, and a conversion capacity of approximately 35gw, which has reached an all-time high;
A total of 9.758 million square metres was sold throughout the year for hydrocarbon films; 1976.86 million square metres were sold for backboards throughout the year.
WJ. 67.32kw “Roof distribution photovoltaic power project at the Lower Town Administrative Centre” was connected to electricity generation on 19 November 2016.
In line with its strategic development objective of “a light-based master industry for the dynamic development of other new materials industries”, the company continues to develop the photo-voltaics industry at a rapid pace, while the other is steadily moving forward with photo-drying membranes, fccl, aluminium plastics complexes, etc.
Construction of the organic silicon encapsulating material production line. Of this, pilot products from the experimental production line in the silicon membrane have been tested on a small scale, client feedback has been good.
Goods; fccl and test wires in the aluminium plastic membrane are entering the production line and equipment debugging phase, with product delivery and customer certification to take place in 2017.
In 2016, the cumulative installed capacity of the global photovoltaic system reached 302gw, an increase of 32 per cent over the same period; the additional installed capacity reached 73gw, an increase of 44 per cent over the same period, with China, 34.54gw, the United States, 14.1gw, Japan, 8.6gw, Europe, 6.9gw, and the European Union.
India 4gw. Global photovoltaic markets are shifting dramatically, traditional markets such as Europe and Japan are starting to shrink, markets such as China, the United States, India and others have recently started to grow on a large scale, and emerging markets such as South-East Asia and South America are accelerating.
Figure 5 Distribution of additional installed capacity by region, global 2016
Figure 6 China ' s photovoltaic power installed (gw) Rapid growth in the domestic market and continued expansion in the scale of production
Growth of 128 per cent, representing 47 per cent of the additional installed capacity of the global photovoltaic power generation, the world ' s first in four consecutive years; cumulative installed capacity of 77.42gw, of which 67.10gw, distributed at 10.32gw; new and cumulative installed capacity, both globally
First, a total of 6.62 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity generated throughout the year, accounting for 1% of total electricity generated throughout the year. In 2016, domestic photovoltaic component production exceeded 53gw, a 15.7% increase from the previous year, the first in 10 years; exports were about 24gw, a decrease of 7% from the previous year.
(b) Exports amounted to $10.5 billion, a decrease of 18 per cent compared with the previous year, owing mainly to the export of photovoltaic components in 2016 at the same price as figure 10 for the same year (gw).
The approval of the Paris Accord provides a solid basis for the development of global photovoltaic markets. The “13th Five” plan for renewable energy development and the full protection of renewable energy sources.
Policies such as barrier-free acquisition management schemes, renewable energy green power certification subscriptions, etc., have been put in place to further improve the environment for the development of the renewable energy sector. The fluorescent sector has been classified by governments as a positive, strategic industry for the long term.
Notice of development planning for new and emerging industries, followed by the National Development Commission, the Energy Authority, the “13th Five-Year Plan for Renewable Energy Development” and the “10th Plan for Solar Energy Development”
The plan sets out a target of more than 110 million kilowatts of solar power installed by the end of 2020. Of these, more than 105 million kilowatts of photovoltaic power installed and 5 million kilowatts of solar thermal power installed, with total emissions.
The Plan’s development targets are the lowest, so there is still room for future increases in the photovoltaic market. To further deepen structural reforms along the energy supply side, the 13th Five-Year Plan will be advanced.
Planning for full implementation. On 10 February 2017, the National Energy Agency issued the Guidance to Work with Energy 2017, setting out the annual development goals, planning for 20gw on the scale of photovoltaic, thermal and new construction, and adding 18gw on the scale of photovoltaic poverty alleviation.
8gw, which further guarantees the smooth development of the photovoltaic market.iii. Step-by-step research and development, and continuous upgrading of core competitiveness.
Technology R & D advantages have led to the development of autonomous innovation hardware platforms that can improve the original product based on market demand and feedback, as well as the development of new products and processes.
Manufacturing teams have continued to play an important role in the industrialization of new materials and have developed models of formulation-process-equipment linkages that will help companies to move quickly in the future.
As corporate R & D investment continues to grow in recent years, good quality is heavily trusted by downstream component manufacturers, and brand influence continues to rise. In 2016, with the public fund-raising project, the solar cell film production project, which produces 180 million square metres per year,
Successfully completed and put into use, company eva film production was significantly enhanced, and in the same time, the advantage of scale was further enhanced by the acquisition of the Taur chemistry-based Thailand-based acetylene film assets. Through the continued enhancement of core competitiveness and the continuous growth of buyers
Diversifying, enhancing bargaining power with upstream raw material suppliers of eva resin. Industry entry barriers are high, laying the basis for company competitiveness eva film is a special wrapping material for photovoltaic components and is a component manufacturing ring
The quality of the product is directly affected by the level of technology used in the production process, the long-term testing, certification and testing of products by downstream customers.
Issues such as brand awareness form a high barrier to entering the eva film industry. Specialized techniques such as formulations, modified technologies, production processes, critical production equipment, etc. Permeability, contraction, extension, intensity of stripping, interconnectivity, etc.
Indicators such as ageing are decisive, and companies need many years of touch and continuous improvement in production processes to design sound production lines and critical equipment with the desired formulations and process parameters to ensure product quality.
Mainly developed, fully equipped with the full range of production techniques for eva membrane, major technologies such as glue strength, anti-UV strength, contraction rates, etc. produced in 2008
There are few firms that are world leaders in terms of quality and size of their products. At present, there are only a few that are global.
The membrane supply is largely dominated by the United States, Japan, China and the Republic of Korea, and the main producers are: Sengbong (str) and 3m in the United States, Mitsuichimicas Fabro in Japan and Bridgestone in the United States, Foster in China, and Skc in Korea.
Because the PV has a 25-year or even longer operation, problems such as reduced elastic permeability, yellowing, old failure during its operation will affect the efficiency of the solar cells, resulting in a significant drop in the amount of photovoltaic power generated.
In general, large photovoltaic component companies use the elastic film of the eva to test and authenticate it for less than six months and then buy it in bulk. Domestic photovoltaic component exports are relatively high, and products are exported via tuv, ul, etc.
Certification by an international testing agency is required to enter the relevant importing country. As an important ingredient for solar batteries, the manufacturer and product model changing the elastic film of the eva requires recertification, so that the component manufacturer will not easily replace it after obtaining quality certification.
Technology and size advantages, creating strong corporate competitiveness, relying on critical production equipment, advanced production industries and growing scale production capacity that companies have developed autonomously over many years, making their products less expensive.
In 2016, corporate fund-raising projects were successfully completed, namely, “1800 million m2 of annual production of solar cell film production” and “Renewed photovoltaic material research and development centre” projects, with a capacity of 454 million m2 for film production and further for companies.
There is a good basis for taking advantage of the market and upgrading R & D. The supply of raw materials is diversified to enhance the bargaining power of companies The raw materials are eva resins (with a va content of 28% to about 33%), eva trees
The price of resin as a derivative of crude oil is closely related to the price of crude oil. The industry uses photovoltaic eva resins in a narrow range and in a relatively small amount compared to large species of resin (e.g., foaming materials).
Small, compared to the tens of millions of tons of regular resin species such as ldpe (low-density polyethylene), eva resin is a small variety of products, which in the past resulted in petrochemical companies not giving much attention to the production of photovoltaic eva resins, which resulted in a small number of producers.
To a higher concentration of suppliers in the elastic industry, eva resins can be produced on the line with ldpe, conventional petrochemicals can be more easily converted to eva resins (there is a certain conversion cycle) and usually ldpe singles.
Line capacity is high (at least 100,000 tonnes), and whenever production lines are in place, eva trees and resins will grow in tens of thousands of tons or change the supply and demand of photovoltaic-grade eva resins more quickly. With the rapid growth of the photovoltaic market in recent years, Asia is home.
The major petrochemical enterprises in the region have either implemented an expansion plan or gradually moved to the ranks of the suppliers of the resins, which account for 71.72 per cent, 67.63 per cent and 67.63 per cent of total purchases, respectively.
59.55 per cent to continuously reduce the risks of procuring raw materials from companies and further enhance the bargaining power of companies at the end of their original material purchases.
Against the backdrop of the ever-increasing “double-reverse” flags of domestic photovoltaic products and the rise of global trade protectionism, domestic photovoltaic manufacturing firms, the world’s largest producer of photovoltaic products, have accelerated their deployment abroad in recent years.
St.'s main downstream client is a domestic component manufacturer, and thus the risk of adapting to the global shift in photovoltaic manufacturing and the disproportionate share of domestic markets has been gradually accelerating the global layout in recent years, through M&As and new ones.
The construction approach rapidly introduced advanced technology and capacity while accelerating the expansion of new customers abroad, with annual growth in foreign operating income, which increased by 39.41 per cent in 2016 compared to the same year.
For the fast-expanding company’s product lines, the lead in photo-voltage material material, the company and its wholly-funded subsidiary, Forster Materials Science, 2016, is used mainly for the packaging of thin film batteries and two-boil components.
(Thailand) Ltd.'s US$ 8 million for the purchase of plant equipment assets for the polycarbonene film portion of the TOC Chemical Thailand Company Ltd. and the “enlight, etc. patenting of trademarks.” Thai companies are already on the ground.
Land purchase procedures have been completed, construction of new plants has started and future production and sale of photovoltaic encapsulation materials are planned, mainly to support the production base of downstream customers in Thailand and to open up overseas customers.
After 13 years of growth, good quality has been validated by the market and recognized by the industry. As the light industry shifts its focus, the company has become more involved.
The expansion of overseas clients has been accelerated by continuous innovation outside the product series, and the development of the world ' s largest producer of film-film solar cells in 2016 has been completed by major overseas customers such as Firstsolar of the United States and Sharp of Japan, in recent years abroad.
Operating income grew much faster than in the country, with foreign operating income of $537 million in 2015, and corporate sales of photo-voltaic film and backboard grew by 17.25 per cent and 62.89 per cent, respectively, in the first quarter of 2017, owing to average sales prices of photo-voltaic film and backboards, respectively
The impact of the dots is likely to pick up performance, but the year-round performance growth pressure is high. Prices of photovoltaic components continue to fall, and prices of products tend to decline as a result of policies and acceleration of the year-to-year adjustment of the country’s financial subsidies for photovoltaic power.
The goal of PV access to the Internet has led to a continuing downward trend in the prices of PV components and other PV-related products, which has affected the prices of PV film and backboards for company-owned products.
The exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi continues to be high, the price of the eva resin purchases rises, and the company's main raw material, the eva resin, is mostly imported, while the imports are mainly taken in the unreconciled currency of the United States dollar, so that fluctuations in the exchange rate affect the company's profitability level.
In recent years, the United States dollar has continued to rise against the renminbi, with the exchange rate held in the first quarter of 2017 showing a trend of $17 against the renminbi.
With regard to the photovoltaic industry, with the launch in 2016 of the corporate fund-raising project “The 180 million m2 annual solar cell film production project”, capacity has reached 454 million m2. Backboard capacity is 34 million m2 as a result of overseas production in 2016.
The bankruptcy of large clients has resulted in a backboard capacity utilization rate of 59.33%. From the company's construction projects, there are no new plans for photo-voltaic film and backboard capacity.
The copper sheet project and the 216 million m2 of annual production of the photoreser membrane project are still in the process of being built and will not be able to make a major breakthrough until the new materials project is delivered or will contribute to the company's longer-term development and better performance growth.
By analysing the overall trends in the photovoltaic sector, and taking into account the current situation of Forster, a profit forecast for the future development of the company, the projections are as follows: (1) It is projected that the growth of the global additional photovoltaics will be maintained in 2017.
(2) Forster overseas operations will continue to grow rapidly in 2017 as the development of overseas clients continues to increase. (3) Backboard operations in 2016 were affected by the bankruptcy of large offshore clients.
The year has been a steady and modest increase, with a significant increase in backboard operations projected for 2017.Access to finding comparable companies in the market with the main Foster business, which is based on eva film, has led to the selection of a share in the retina manufacturer.
(300393.sz), monocrystal dragon-headed shares (601012.sh), multi-crystal components and systems integration union integration (00206.sz) and reverse transformer tap Sunshine power (300274.sz) as comparable companies.
A comparison between companies shows that the average pere was 23 in 2017. Given the firm position of the entire Forster gelva, the propriety of the main product, the photovoltage of the film, the speciality of the backboards, the high growth expectations of the new material business, which gave the company 32 times the size of 2017.
The established flagship status and the new material business expansion expectations, covering the first time, gave good fortune (1) by not increasing the light voltage machine at the rate expected; (2) by not expanding the new business market as expected.