Savings agent rate adjustment: lower overall rates and optimize the structure of deposits
Chen Jun Liang Tian Weiwei Postal Bank announcement that the Board of Directors considered the adoption of the Act on Adjustment of Postal Savings Bank of China, Inc. and the Agency of the Postal Group of China Ltd.
Proposal to absorb the personal savings agent rate of the renminbi. In consultation with the Postal Group, the Postal Bank optimizes the current rate of savings agents. Adjustments result in a static calculation of savings agent fees for 2021 from $93,376 million to $92,370 million, and a combined rate from 1.29 per cent to 1.27 per cent, with little impact on corporate financial data, but in the long run will help optimize the structure of deposits and accelerate the company's move to wealth management banks.
Postal banks absorb personal deposits and pay savings agency fees via the postal group’s network agent. The proxy savings deposit has been instrumental in the development of the postal bank, while the proxy savings deposit has contributed to the growth of the number of individual customers and the aum size of the postal bank.
The Postal Bank pays the Postal Group a savings agent fee for the agency’s absorption of personal deposits. Different savings agent rates apply to the split of savings deposits for different periods, the higher the deposit agent rate, and the lower the agent rate for the longer the deposit period.
The combined agent rate, calculated as the average daily balance of the funds, has declined steadily in recent years as the structure of the deposits has changed.
In accordance with the power of attorney agreement signed in September 2016 between the Bank and the Postal Group, the Bank and the Postal Group shall consult within six months to determine whether and how to adjust the rates in the event of a particular situation. This adjustment is triggered by a specific situation, and the current savings agent rate is adjusted optimally after consultation between the two.
The adjustment programme is mainly to reduce the slotting rates for broker savings deposits over two, three and five years, which are relatively high, and to increase the slotting rates for lower demand and one-year agent savings deposits, which in the long run has helped to optimize the deposit structure.
In the long run, however, this adjustment has helped to stimulate the agency’s network to increase the absorption of short-term deposits, thereby helping to optimize the deposit structure and reduce the cost of debt. Thus, while the direct impact on financial data is modest, it has helped to optimize the structure of deposits, promote high-quality development, and accelerate the shift from a “saving bank” to a “rich management bank” in the long run.
The Postal Bank’s fundamentals are stable and positive, with the most recent disclosures showing steady expansion in corporate assets, better growth in deposits, and better asset quality. We maintain the profit projections, with companies expected to return 86.2 billion yuan ($97.3 billion) to their mothers in 2022-2024, $109.2 billion, compared to the continuing weakness of the macroeconomic situation, over-anticipated easing of monetary policy and regulatory policy changes that may adversely affect banks.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject