The performance of the Postal Bank continued to grow at a rapid pace, with a steady increase in the capital value of the booster.
Contribution factors continue to be reported, mainly from non-interest, provision and size. The relative medium-term income growth has been slower and the contribution from the provision has been enhanced. The revenue end is expected to remain relatively superior and the contribution space is still large.
Continued rapid growth in performance, boosted capital, smooth profits, slow harvests, enhanced contribution of the provision, 14.48 per cent increase in net profit returns from the first three quarters of the Postal Bank, non-interest, provision and scale of contributions.
On the whole, the growth in revenue has been slightly slower and the provision has been strengthened. Three quarters of assets have been of a smooth quality and have had advantages, sustained, increased provision for less profit, stock allocation has remained strong, and there is still much room for release in the future. The slowdown in operating income has been due to interest income and fee increases: interest income has increased slightly.
The slowdown in demand, particularly retail demand and interest rates, has affected the structure of corporate credit and pricing, and has pushed interest differentials; net revenue from fees has increased by 40.3% over the year, a slight increase, and other non-interest-for-year growth rates are still to be recognized.
The average daily turnover of three months (millions of yuan) has remained high, and comparative advantages are expected to remain high.
The Chinese Postal Group Limited announced an increase on October 26th, the major shareholders' postal group has yet to determine whether it is involved, and this non-publicity is based on the receipt of the market price on October 26th, 2022.
Some 45 billion yuan will be released, static estimates will be issued, and the core-level capital adequacy rate will be raised if completed.
Bank of the United States Postal Fund: Continued Increase in net revenue from fees and charges 202,20823 Bank: Large State-owned banks ii
The recurrent epidemic and the downside of the economy led to a deterioration in the quality of the assets; regulatory controls exceeded expectations. Performance summary: the reserve bank returned 73.849 billion yuan in net profit to the mother in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 14.48 per cent. Net interest income increased by 3.8 per cent over the same period, net fee income increased by 40.3 per cent over the same year, operating income increased by 7.79 per cent over the same period, total assets grew by 7.4 per cent over the beginning of the year.
Summary of the proposed increase: the 26 October announcement announced that the major shareholders’ postal group had not yet been involved, the number of undisclosed shares was 14.48 per cent higher than the net profit of the reserve bank in the previous three quarters, with a significant increase in interest, provision and scale. Overall, the increase in revenue was slightly slower and the provision increased.
The slowdown in revenue growth is due to a slight slowdown in interest earnings and fees: interest earnings are increasing at a slower rate, demand is slowing, demand is slowing down, especially retail demand and interest rates are affecting the structure of corporate credit and pricing, and interest differentials are being suppressed; net revenue from fees is increasing by 40.3% over the same period, and rapid growth is still to be recognized. Under weak macro-demand and industry-wide business pressures, firms are still growing at a relatively high rate and are expected to be relative.
The firm’s stock customer base is high, deposits are high, assets are of good quality, and still the most growth-oriented estimates in the industry can raise the core-level capital adequacy rate by 0.64 percentage points. Net revenue from fees is $23.64 billion, a 40.3% increase, and net revenue from agency fees is 47.2% higher than the same increase, pushing for a change in wealth management.
In the first three quarters, the personal customers of the Postal Bank aum added more than trillion yuan a year, amounting to $13.6 trillion; 46.7.7 million customers of vip account for a six-month increase in net-value product transformations compared to the end of the previous year.
Growth was smooth and retail credit slightly slowed down, with corporate loans growing by 12.3 per cent in the third quarter of the year, with 16.6 per cent for the common year, 9.1 per cent for retail, a decline in the three-quarter net interest margin and a slowdown in interest income.
Cost growth was 11.1 per cent over the same period, with a slower rate than in the first half of the year and a higher base of cost growth in the second half of the year. Cost revenue was 54.86 per cent, the same ratio as in the medium term, with new undergeneration mainly in the area of personal loans, at 88 per cent, and less in the area of public loans, which were mainly concentrated in housing, real estate and farm farming, with non-credit generating largely unchanged. The negative rate was 0.18 per cent in the first quarter of the third quarter and 4bp down in the second quarter.
Of these, 90 per cent were personal loans, of which non-household consumer loans and credit cards were slightly higher. The percentage of overdue loans was 0.94 per cent, up by 3 bp over the medium term. Non-lending contributions were profitable, credit impairment was slightly lower than credit provision coverage was smooth, and losses on impairment of assets were reduced by 15.6 per cent on the same date in the first three quarters, with loan impairment losses increasing by 44 per cent and non-lending by 44 per cent on the same date, and the non-lending portion by less on the same scale.
In the first quarter of the third quarter, the loss of impairment of assets was 4.37 billion yuan, or 44.3% less, and the impairment of loans was 7.110 billion yuan, or 1% less, and the non-loans were largely flat, making a substantial return of 2.75 billion yuan.
Macroeconomic development affects the performance of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the performance of the banking sector’s assets. The epidemic has been repeated since 2022, or has had a negative impact on economic data.
Financial regulation is over-expected. Regulation of hidden government debt, real estate regulation has intensified since 2021, while continuing to direct banks to the real economy, but if financial regulation is either expected to be excessive or will affect the bank’s profitability performance.