Postal Bank (601658): Net profits are maintained at a faster rate, wealth management strategies are shown to be effective
Incidents: On 26 October, the Postal Bank published a tri-quarter report for 2022, which enabled the first three quarters to be collected, pre-positioned and returned to the mother ' s net profit of 2,569.3, 1,140.1, 73.94 billion yuan, an increase of 7.8 per cent over the same period; the Postal Bank was positioned to serve the “Three Farmers”, both urban and rural residents and small and medium-sized enterprises.
The weighted average roe was 13.9%, an increase of 0.22 pct. The assessment is as follows:
The bank’s ownership is largely flat and growing faster. The main contribution to the growth in performance, based on profit break-ups, is a smooth scale.
The high quality of assets and the significant potential for growth are China’s leading retail commercial banks. The main drag on China’s economic and social development (-6.4%) and rising management costs (-3.8%) are the main factors.
During the period of promising strategic opportunities, the Bank will deepen its efforts to implement new development strategies, to further reform and innovation, and to accelerate the transformation of “specialization, integration, lightization, digitization, intensification” with a view to achieving a sustainable transition.
Continuing to improve the economic performance of service entities, investing in the ability of service clients and the end of the liability, benefiting from lower interest rates on deposit, and expected cost of the liability to remain stable. We believe that the current ratio of deposit bank deposits is significantly lower than that of comparable counterparts, that the end of the asset has potential for development and that the structure is not optimal.
It is hoped that, through a structure that optimizes downward pressure on hedge segments of assets. At the same time, the company is proactive, innovation-driven, high-valued, large retail commercial silver.
The effectiveness of wealth management strategies is evident, with a rapid increase in central and retail aum. The Postal Bank, which is positioned as “three farmers”, urban and rural residents, and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), is based on a “self-employed-agent” model, with a strong retail feature.
Since 2019, companies have been promoting wealth management systems, strengthening client stratification, forming teams of financial managers, improving product lines and integrated financial services, and promoting capacity-building in research and development.
Rapid growth. Net revenue from fees and commissions in the first three quarters was $23.639 billion, an increase of 40.3 per cent, and received assets of good quality and adequate provision. By the end of September, the rate of non-performing loans by the Postal Bank was 0.83 per cent, the ring ratio being the same; and non-performing loans generated in the first three quarters were 0.77 per cent, the same rate as in the first half of the year, and were in the negative position.
The circulation b/h (millions) ring rises by 4bp, 3bp, and is expected to be associated with a higher risk credit card at retail end of the epidemic, the quality of consumer loan assets, the ability to offset risks and the space for a certain level of performance release.
Investment advice: Postbanks are well-established and more dynamic in terms of retailing. Based on the “self-employed + agency” model, companies are deployed in nearly 40,000 business sites, leading in number and deep down, providing firm client base and liability advantages for companies.
With more than $45 billion, capital replenishment is expected to support rapid growth in lending; and there is greater room for structural optimization, with a stronger customer base, which is expected to lead to rapid growth. At the same time, asset quality is strong, risk is high, and the market-based reforms of institutional mechanisms provide room for roses, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance, the Source of Eastern Finance, the Source of Eastern Finance.
Figure 4: Reserve Bank loan balances at end-September increased by 12.9 per cent over the year; Figure 6: Reserve Bank non-performing loan rate of 0.83 per cent at end-September; Ring balance: Figure 5: Reserve Bank provision coverage at end-September was 404.5 per cent
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the forest, the source of the forest, the source of the world's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the east, the source of the world's wealth, the source of the world, the source of the world, the source of the world,
The University of Cambridge, England, has a master’s degree in finance and economics.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Postal Bank (601658): Keeping net profits up faster and showing the effectiveness of wealth management strategies does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.