“Short lift and long drop”, aided wealth transition, October 03, 2022, lower market spread, triggering passive adjustment of agency rates for the first time.
\triangleright ' s commissioning agreement signed in September, where the passive adjustment of the savings agent rate is: market interest rate levels measured by the average net profit spread of the four major countries (industrial, agricultural, medium and construction), below/above the base value of 24 per cent, triggering upwards
\triangleright annual agent savings deposit rates are revised downwards by 15bp, 20bp, 20bp, and slightly increased by 3bp, 2bp, respectively, in current and one-year agent deposits.
The “short lift and long drop” is expected to optimize the structure of the deposits, thereby reducing the cost of the liabilities.
\triangleright Research Assistant in Bovin, cost pressure. With the latest deposit booking rate at the Postbank, we've been allergic to changes in the structure of the deposit.
When the annual share is reduced by 1 pct and 2 pct respectively, the rate of deposit cost is 4 bp, while the rate of deposit cost falls by a marginal and increasing trend as the current deposit ratio rises. Moreover, after this round of rate adjustments, static measurement of the postal reserve bank changes in the long run, or in the interest of the wealth management bank.
\triangleright 2. Postal Bank (601658.sh) reported in the first quarter of 2022 that more than 70 per cent of the deposits were absorbed by the network, laying an important foundation for the transformation of wealth management.
This rate adjustment is expected to lead to an increase in the share of the agent's current deposits, which are more likely than the longer term to flow into wealth management areas such as finance and funds, and thus help the mail reserve to explain in detail from the Savings Bank to the Postal Bank (601658.sh) in 2021:
“Accelerating the transformation” of the wealth management bank. Investment proposal: “short rise and long drop” of the agent rate, release of the node advantage of the reduced cost of the liability; first passive adjustment of the agent rate of the Postal Bank; substantial reduction of the long-term deposit rate; and short-term deposit rate
Further, it is expected that grass-roots networks will be encouraged to increase the absorption of current deposits, thereby optimizing the structure of deposits, reducing the cost of indebtedness and, in the long run, contributing to accelerating the transformation of wealth management. Figure 2: Combined agent rates have declined significantly since 2016
(ii) Scenarios 1, 2 and 3 are marginal incremental calculations for demand deposits and scenario 1, 4, 5 for marginal incremental calculations for one-year deposits.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.