Conlon into (3759.hk/300759.ch): 1h23 mature, business growth robust, cmc request volume recovery since June Molecular and cgt, cmc overseas operations) income/adjusted net profit equal to +23/29 per cent, growth
The cmc growth rate is expected to recover from the fact that industry investment financing has not yet warmed up. Maintaining the “buy-in” of the company’s port share, a share “take-in” rating, adjustment target – 1h23 performance is robust, and the overall revenue growth is somewhat constrained by industry financing:
Industry investment financing has not yet recovered, with the company ' s individual cmc lates project cancelled due to strategic adjustments by the company ' s mnc clients (orders amounting to about tens of millions of dollars).
In terms of production capacity, Nimba is expected to build 2h23 laboratories and animal houses, and Xian is expected to do so in 2024. Interest rates have fallen, mainly due to the start-up of the Shashing plant, which currently has a capacity utilization rate of about 30 per cent.
There are 620 projects in the pipeline, of which 29 are process validation and commercialization projects (19 with a net increase of the same amount), with 1h23 cmc with an average income of +33% as the cmc project progresses to a later stage.
On-site verification and pre-market examination of gmp, verified formulations (a oncological drug) are expected to be approved for listing in early 2024. (iii) Clinical research services: 1h23 earnings per year + 38%, of which China has approximately
+11.9 pcts; income and Maori increases are mainly due to company integration, which has been gradually increasing, with an average value on March (million yuan) and an increase in client acceptance and per capita output.
Cro projects 912 (74 iii) and Smo projects 1400+. In addition, Conlon organisms signed an estimated RMB 950 million in shares at 1h23.
Financial statement analysis and forecasting - Conlong as (3759.hk)
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]