Performance, steady growth of orders, significant results of integrated construction Conlong (300759), operating after the impact of the 22h1 high base due to changes in the fair value of biological assets + 28.74 per cent)
There has been a steady increase in profitability and a steady increase in R&D inputs. In terms of profitability, companies achieved a Māori rate of 36.33 per cent (+1.32 pp), a net homecoming interest rate of 13.94 per cent (+1.31 pp) and a non-motherhood net interest rate of over 51 per cent of the higher Māori biological services in laboratory services, and clinical research services.
The increase in the rate was driven by the increase in the gross Maori rate; 22h1 non-recurring losses due to higher losses in the fair value of other non-current financial assets amounted to $94 million and 23h1 non-recurring gains amounted to practice number: s1500523080003
In terms of cost, 0.87 pp) and the company’s continued increase in R & D investment, resulting in higher R & D costs. Demand slows down, steady growth trends, and four major synergizes corporate growth. 2023h1,
Interest rate 45.05 per cent (+1.36 pp), strong bio-chemical association, bio-science income contribution, significant synergism of 2023h1 operation serving 620 drug molecules or intermediates (431 preclinical, 136 clinical i-ii, 24 iii), process validation and commercialization
Billion yuan (year-on-year +37.75%), Māori rate of 16.98% (+11.87pp), the effectiveness of the integrated clinical service platform of companies, efficiency gains from the Central, British and American Unions, and a total of 912 clinical trial services (74 in iii, 400 in i-ii, 438).
Smo services, with over 1,400 projects implemented; 200 million yuan (+12.77 per cent for the same year) and 8.34 per cent (+11.48 pp) in large molecules and cell and gene therapy, are still in the investment phase and services are gradually gaining global client recognition.
Technology, talent, capacity, multidisciplinary, process-wide, integrated cdmo platform \triangleright continues to grow. On technology, companies have built five one-stop R & D service platforms for the world.
Clients provide multi-stage, multidisciplinary and multi-temporal services. In terms of talent, the company has a workforce of 19733 (an increase of 252 compared to the end of 22 years), the United States and the United Kingdom have over 1,600 employees and 17,689 personnel, or 89.64 per cent, in research, production and clinical services.
Sinda Securities Inc., which maintains continuous input across business plates: with regard to laboratory services, the company expects Ningbodi cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Laboratories and animal rooms (approximately 14wm2) in the Third Park will be handed over to the 9th House of the House of the City of the West Side, Beijing, in the second half of 2023, and the laboratory in the Xian Park (approximately 10.5wm2) will be put into operation in 2024;
In sub- and micro-genetic treatment, the company expects Ningbo base to continue production in the second half of 2023, and plans to take over the big molecule gmp production project in 23q4.
I've been working as a team seller for more than nine years, and I've worked as a team member and a Master of Pharmacy at Shanghai Transport University, who worked as a clinical co-worker at pcc and paraexel in 2021.
General Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice. Worked at the Minya Foundation, joined in 2022.
Sheng, team member, Master of Biomedical Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, April 2022, joined the Sinda Portfolio, in charge of medical devices and Zhao Chang, team member, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Melon University, 2 years old
The component is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business that the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.