An event review of Mango supermedia (300413.sz): acquisition of enhanced content barriers, cooperation to expand access to clients, new play to explore innovation, Mango supermedia (300413.sz)
• On 26 July, the company announced a 100% stake in the Hunan Golden Eagle Cartoon Media Company Ltd. (“Gold Eagle Cartoon”) held by the Mango Media, a controlling shareholder with cash from his own funds, at a transaction price of $835 million. This transaction constitutes a related transaction and does not constitute a re-marketing exercise.
On August 3, Mangotv entered into a formal partnership with the Treasures Sky Cat to add mangos to 88vip.
tv membership card benefits. Users open 88vip, and can select one of them from Mangotv and two of the top top two media outlets and overseas contacts. According to the Mass Securities Network, this is the first time that 88vip has been working independently with a treasure-hunting cat.
On July 31, Mangotv launched the first multi-dimensional interactive dialogue product based on the role of ip:
A six-player group of characters interacts and chats with the playgroup. Users can have private chats, play freely, explore the space for interaction outside the play, feel the mood and temperature of the role, and explore more possibilities for interaction with the immersion powder.
Mango super-man-buying gold eagle cartoons can achieve a deeper complementarity of content and expand market opportunities on big screens.
Companies, with a deep understanding of the content market, excellent content creation skills and deep cindasecuitiesco., ltd's high-quality ip accumulation, vertical expansion to offline activities and park operations, derivative development and marketing
In terms of content production, the Golden Eagle Cartoon Corporation has excellent production skills in the field of young children's programming, such as animations, art fairs, and big parties.
McNuggets and his friends, China’s New Voice, No. 23 Niang Tang, Play House, etc.
The scarce platform with iptv and ott's license plates is the first real industry-wide video media to achieve a "one cloud". The company's big screen is well developed, smart, and its business has expanded to 31 provinces and cities. We believe that the company has acquired gold eagle cartoons to complement the young.
The content section helps to enhance the corporate copyright content as a whole, expands the user base, and accelerates the growth of subscriptions and income to large screens. Mango members are included in the Ali88vip system, electricity-market flows are expected to increase their membership and income.
Enter. Currently, 88vip members are over 28 million, and before that, according to Ali88vip Operations Manager Pilgrim, every 100 new users of 88vip can bring 44 new users to excellent coolness. By maximum space, the next 88vip is expected to bring in more than a million members to Mangotv.
Access to 88vip members' ecology for mangotv is an indication, on the one hand, of the fact that the mangotv is competitive in terms of visualization, art, etc., and, on the other hand, that the 88vip is a core group of users of values with high loyalty and willingness to consume, and that it will bring more quality “snapping” to mangos.
In addition, Mangotv members are predominantly young women and are more compatible with 88vip user attributes, and the process of channeling and importing members is expected to be relatively smooth.
Combining the content of the humanized ai dialogue with that of the television plays will help to further enhance the cohesiveness of the play and its rich content. The new feature is similar to chatgpt chats, but combines the character of the play with a humanized tone and speech style. The company trains ai language model based on the content of the video avatars.
The new technology is linked to the unique content provided by mangos, creating a social system based on dramas, communicating with the user's broken sub-elements. We believe that this function is an effective attempt to combine a television drama with an i, and that it may be carried out in the future or in more video dramas and polytheistic content.
In addition to increasing user activity and stickyness, it could also help the platform expand the new payment model in addition to membership fees and improve the life cycle and profitability of the episode.
The top-up of the advertising drive is gradually warming, with robust performance, with 23q1 earning 3.6 billion yuan, a slight decrease of 2.2 per cent compared to the previous year; and the net return profit of 540 million yuan, an increase of 7.4 per cent compared to the previous year's annual growth in Internet long video platforms, long video content masters running sound business, power suppliers, script killings, etc.
Master ' s degree in management at Nakayama University. From 2016 to 2021, he worked on Skywind securities, covering the Internet, games, advertising, electricity, new consumption, etc., and was a pioneer in research on the mescolar secondary market (author of the first report) in the East in 21 years.
Fong, a member of the Sindam Securities Media Internet and the Overseas Team, graduate and graduate students from the University of Qinghua and the Manet industry in France, respectively, and capital markets abroad. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.