We're going to buy the Golden Eagle cartoons, enrich the corporate content matrix, and we're going to have a review of the mango supermix (300413) on 27th of July, 2023.
On July 25, Mango Supermedia issued an announcement to hold a 100% share in the Hunan Golden Eagle Cartoon Media Company Ltd., a shareholder of Mango Media Ltd. with its own funds of 835 million yuan in cash acquisition companies. The Mango Media promised the Golden Eagle Net Profit for 2023-2025 not less than 46,25.38 million yuan.
Goldhawk cartoons deep-seated the content market for young children. Goldenhawk cartoons were created in 2004 to produce content for young children, and to build up the market with a profound understanding of the content market, excellent content creation skills and deep quality ip. In 2021-2022, revenues were 452.7 million yuan, accounting for more mangos.
In terms of content production, there are significant advantages in the production of young children's programmes such as content production, cartoons, art, and big evenings. The outputs include McNuggets and his friends, China's New Voice, and No. 23 Niang Tang.
A number of excellent works, such as Play House; underline operations, Golden Eagle cartoons have successfully organized several offline thematic events based on ip resources and built a stable business model for the park; derivatives have been developed; the basic mastery is robust and actively explores aigc and vanity.
In this case, the combination of the cattle and their own pips with the boxes and other skus, such as creative products, has created a rich matrix of the ip*sku products.
A rich matrix of company content, a deep media convergence, and a strong core of competitiveness. This acquisition, with a repeat of ()1 short-term performance pressure, looks at the follow-up content, helps to enrich the corporate content matrix with the high-quality cartoon resources of the Golden Eagle Cartoon, and consolidates the youth.
This acquisition is also an important step in the development of media integration in Mango super-media, building on the benefits of Mangotv's multi-licensing, full-end coverage.
Value-led media-wide dissemination of ecology, stimulating more industrial dynamism and dynamism, and building on the core competition, summer Qingqing Prospectives and investment proposals for profit: not knowing and showing time, not considering balance sheet because the acquisition is not complete
Risk factors: Uncertainty in policy regulation, uncertainty in acquisitions, slow growth in membership, underperformance in content, under-exploitation of new business, brain drain, etc.