23H1 performance meets expectations and membership expansion is expected to lead to a review of Mango super-momentation (300413) on 21st of 2023.
In terms of core business, the Mangotv Internet video business (advertising + membership + operator business) has fallen slightly to $5.141 billion (youy-1.65 per cent) in terms of advertising.
The advertising industry is slowly recovering, some advertisers are still relatively cautious about spending on the marketing budget, companies are recruiting through top-line entertainment programmes such as Winds 2023 and Soul-Free Island Season, and online advertising shows marginal improvements, with a significant contraction of 17.23 per cent.
Up to $1.79 billion, the future will be accompanied by a revival of the industry, with companies relying on a steady and strong mix of arts, which, by supplementing the show and enhancing marketing effectiveness and arithmetic optimization, is expected to open up the space for advertising growth; 2) membership: companies rely on the introduction of high-quality pops, such as Wind 2023.
All year long, the big show, the exclusive rights and interests of its members, such as viewing, taking part in the live recording of the show, is about to buy gold eagle cartoons, enrich the corporate content matrix, constantly raising the number of new, sticky and long-cycle users, and generating 19.61.
In August, Mangotv entered into a formal partnership with the treasure-hunting Sky Cat to create new Mangotv annual card rights for members of Skycat 88vip.
Improved performance loop, with attention to the growth of high-quality comprehensive arts and creative income in the second half of the year; 3) operator: through three major operators, continued deepening of the national profile of large-screen operations and deeper cooperation in areas such as content innovation to achieve a revenue of 1.389 billion yuan
1) In the case of polyclinics, the company has 48 polyclinic production teams, 39 of which were on the front line in the first half of 2023. According to cloud data, the Cymphony generation 2023, Big Detective 8 and the Domino season.
In addition to the 2023h1 network, which has an effective top10, the creative tones "Women's Insight Society" and "Small Summers" and "Happily Grown-ups" have been chosen to achieve a good deal of slogans and heat; 2) in the series.
The company has 22 video production teams and 36 strategic workshops for the New Man Plan, with 64 launches in both directions of the film show and the miniatur.
Li has received a high degree of appreciation from the authoritative media both inside and outside the country, and the young Mandarin has been developing at a very rapid pace and actively exploring the application of the aigc content.
The new-tidal country content power provider platform was positioned to create a core vertical product based on mango monolithic ip, by strengthening its connection to the mango cyclic landscape as a whole. The total volume of transactions in the first half of 2023 was higher than in the previous year, and the company continued to develop at a high rate; and the company was able to make full use of its rich applications.
The advantage of the scene is to explore cutting-edge applications of technology and industrial innovation in terms of enabling content production, power-reduction efficiency, and innovation-user interaction. For example, the development of aigc video auto-shaping techniques significantly improves the efficiency of content production; production is combined with vr technology through virtual photography
The full staff accelerated 2023; launched the role-promoting product " Song Chi " , the creation of a social system, the testing of a water-talking pay scenes, and the follow-up of new technologies such as aigc.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The first half of the year was in line with our expectations, sustaining the profit risk factors: policy regulatory uncertainty, slow growth of membership, underperformance of content, new business expansion, brain drain, etc.