Event Review: Acquisition of the Golden Eagle Cartoon Stockholding, Built Green, 26/07/2023, Young People's Content & ip
Research Assistant Zhang Man Rain Keyword: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients  Events: Money held by Mango Media, a controlling shareholder of Mango Cash Acquisition Company, for 835 million yuan
Once the deal is done, the Golden Eagle will become a mango super-manufacturing net annual profit of at least $46,25.38 million, $54,1425,000, and $59,69.47 million, respectively.
The Golden Eagle Cartoon Corporation was founded in 2004 as the department of content production for young children under the Hunan Tele-Channel flag, and, thanks to its excellent content-creation skills and a deep accumulation of high-quality ips, the Golden Eagle Cartoon business extends to activities below the line and to the operation of parks, derivatives development and marketing.
Billions of yuan, net profit of $46.9905 million, net interest rate of 17.22%. Goldhawk cartoons are good at making animated films, comprehensive art, big evenings, young children's programmes, and they represent a package of "Macau and his friends" and "The New Voice of China, No. 23 is Tang".
In 2022, the National Golden Eagle Cartoon Network received an average of 0.16 per cent and a market share of 1.73 per cent throughout the year; an average audience of 0.47 per cent and a market share of 4.75 per cent between the ages of 4 and 14; and an average of 0.3 per cent and a market share of 3.47 per cent for households over the age of 25.
With regard to off-line activities and the operation of the park, Golden Eagle Cartoon successfully organized a series of off-line thematic events with popular ip resources and long-term and rich experience in organizing the event; it worked with several parks through a light asset model of operating experience to build stable parks.
In derivatives development and marketing, Golden Eagle Cartoon combines its own pips with many skus, such as box bags and creative products, creating a rich product that we see as a synergy between Goldhawk cartoons and the company's existing business. On the one hand, Goldhawk Cartoons owns.
Mango SuperMechanism (300413), Event Review: Quality Cartolip Resources and Good Young Child Content Production, which contributes to the enrichment of Mango SuperMechanisms, the warming of the video industry, and the growth of technology
On the other hand, the Mango super-mediad video platform “Mangotv” and the advertising marketing channel can help the Golden Hawk to quickly access web traffic and open the commercial space for realization.
Mango SuperMechanism (300413) 2022 and  Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: Considering that business integration and commercialization are still time-consuming, we anticipate 2023q1 performance rating: Industry recovery, broad
Taking into account that the impact of the acquisition on the treasury will gradually be reflected in the medium and long term, we have put the company 2023-Providing the prospect of gradual rehabilitation.