August 18, 2023.
In the middle of 2023, we reported an increase of 5.04 per cent in the same year; the deduction of the non-mortality net profit of $1,174 million, an increase of 7.19 per cent in the same year; the increase of 18.86 per cent; and the increase in the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $706 million.
The revenue structure continues to be optimized, with core backbone resilience increased in the first half of 2023. The income structure is further optimized: the marginalization of advertising, the rising membership ratio, and the steady growth of the operator's business.
As the industry recovers, companies rely on the virtues of the art and, by means of a supplemental set of plays, enhance marketing effectiveness and arithmetic optimization, promising to open up the space for advertising growth.
Make use of content eco-economy, a new helper, a mangang dealer, digs deep in circles, uses consumer potential, customizes goods, activities and ip content according to the user’s needs, and integrates content with the power provider.
More than nine points, the volume of programming and sales is growing rapidly. Happy purchasing and the creation of a mini-man-to-man company complement each other in terms of user and channel positioning. Companies rely on content transformation that has accumulated over many years, capacity, supply chain management capacity, and the ability of their members to operate, to actively adjust their business structures and commodity portfolios.
In the first half of 2023, the young mangmv had outpaced last year’s total of gmv, and it was suggested that we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2023-2025.
"Galactic Media Internet" reports 2022, "George Supermix" (300413.sz) - advertising markets are under pressure throughout the year.
"Galactic Media Yang Xiaojun Team", a company that reviews the media industry, and the tri-quarter review of Mango Supermixes (300413.sz) in 2020: the content matrix builds the Protector River, and the new ecological expansion of operations continues.
Qualitative review or review of risks, the risk of increased competition in the market, etc.
Building Content Ecology (Galactic Media Internet) company 2022 reported a comment - Mango Supermedia (300413.sz): q2 Performance Rings are better than good.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.