Mango supermedia (300413.sz): Two platforms for integration and development, in collaboration with Mango supermedia (300413.sz)
Chairman Zhang Huali and the Project Leader gave an interview with the Huanan Daily journalist, highlighting from the macro-level decision-making level, the Von Tritting Media Internet and the “double platform” exploration of the deep integration of Hunan Wide Media.
The year 2022 was a “key plastic year” for the new media groups that built the mainstream of Hunan broadband, and substantial progress was made in the deep integration of Hunan Watch, Mangotv, which created a single, industry-wide dual platform. Hunan Wide Media explored a “double platform” strategy to integrate Hunan Watch, Mangotv, and work together.
At the decision-making level, the Hunan Guard, the Mangotv two-platform party, has a cross-section that brings about the full integration of television drama procurement, advertising, and polytechnic production.
To date, the two main strategic hubs have been set up to form a stable “triangular hub” with the Hunan Watch General Bureau and Mangotv Platform Operations Centre. At present, the two platforms have 48 self-manufacturing teams, 29 video self-help teams and 34 “New Mangangs”
“Strategic studios”, the largest long video content production base in the country, have achieved full access to creative projects, evaluations, publicity and production.
In late June, after a seven-year programme called "Acceleration at Work" 2023, the first edition of which attracted a lot of attention, the same virtual equipment that was presented at the nineteenth Shenzhen Expo, which attracted a large number of people to experience the Digital World's "Acceleration City."
New programs, new technologies, are the result of the integration of Hunan Watch, Mangotv. The company will focus on aigc and virtual interfaces as the main thrusts of technological innovation in its products, exploring the integration of aigc and media operations, and creating virtual interactive spaces for content production needs, such as virtuals.
With the use of digital technology to improve product competitiveness, the “light 5g intensive transmission system” and the “light cloud” broadcasting system, which have been developed by self-researched, has made it possible to synchronize the live video data, produce clearances on the clouds and divide them.
The hot-blowing 2023, which combines the reality show with virtual space, digital people, explores the form of live 5g+vr+4k, especially the virtual scene in the show, where Mangotv members jump far lower than the real scene and can feel it.
To a new interactive experience. If the technology matures further, the future full-time acceleration may become a vr game in which companies can increase their ability to realize through multiple channels by building an extended ip layout.
The two platforms performed well, with a high number of corporate multi-channels and high-profile vendors. In 2022 alone, the two-platforms organized three joint chambers of commerce, with 20 key clients with a single video budget.
House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City City, which has 21 brands in its own show, has enabled the two platforms to generate income throughout the year and maintain the same level of market headage.
The team of programme directors, artists, both from Hunan Watch and Mangotv, with the main advocacy team from the former, the latter's technical team providing strong support, and the internal mechanisms for moving on-site positions have also made the work much more efficient.
After the establishment of the committee, the project was linked and coordinated with efficient resources, with the launch of nine dramas such as the Song of Tsangshan, the bottom line, the Ganges II, and, first of all, the 20 television dramas for 2022, published by the General Directorate of National Radio and Power, and five copies of the two-platforms.
The medical drama White Castle is an example of a two-platform convergence in the field of drama. Hunanguard, Mangotv, a two-platform, buys, markets, promotes, saves costs while maximizing the platform’s value and dissemination effects, taking full advantage of the two-platform.
Since mid-March, the focus has been on \triangleright.
In the next half of the year, Central Restaurant 7 (open live on 3 July) will continue to warm up.
In the same way, there is a great deal of stock in the series, such as The Song Youths 2 (Spring Up in Summers), My People's Fireworks (On July 5th), The Extraordinary Doctors, The Young People who Can't Go Back, The Young People, The Young People, The Young People, The Young People, The Young People, The Young People, The Young People.
In addition, the company has launched the innovative programme "Immediate content exports - online games - offline experiences" (Forest Evolutionism) and the documentary "China", which is expected to be online in October of this year.
As macroeconomic expectations stabilized in 2023, and consumer confidence warmed, the revival of brand advertising is expected to return to normal, with a wealth of corporate content reserves in the second half of the year.
In the context of a pro-cyclical recovery in advertising, it is expected that the company will be able to turn around in 2023. Investment proposals: substantial progress has been made in integrating the company into Hunan Watch’s depth, creating a unique industry.
Two two platforms, one plus one > two. And, as a result of a procyclical recovery in advertising, the advertising business is back on track to optimism, and the second half of the year has been rich in corporate content and is looking forward to it. According to a wind-consensual expectation, the baccalaureate worked on Skywind Securities, covering a number of plates such as the Internet, games, advertising, electricity dealers, etc., as well as the meta-cosm, sports and secondary markets.
With five years of experience in research, there is a long-term follow-up coverage of the Hong Kong and United States stock market and the Internet.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.