Mongo Super-Memorial (300413.sz) reports a slight drop in Internet video revenues, and a slight drop in M mango super-Memorization.
The company is the first core chain of industry in the stock market that is characterized by integration and development, full access and ecological integrity of content.
The state-owned new media company, which is also the Hunan Broadcasting and Video Corporation, has a single blend under the banner of the company (Hunan Radio and Television), Internet video revenues have fallen slightly over the same period, and advertising and membership revenues are expected to be better in the second half of the year.
The company’s main business includes $6,689 million (youy-0.4%) in the first half of the year. (1) Mangotv Internet video, Mangotv Internet video, new media interactive entertainment.
The business generated 5,141 million yuan (yoy-1.7 per cent); of that amount, Mango tv advertising generated 1,790 million yuan (yoy-17.2 per cent) in content-making and content-marketing, etc., and Mango tv members earned 1,961 million yuan (yoy+5.5 per cent) in business.
The decline in advertising revenue in Mangotv in the second half of the year was mainly due to a slow recovery in the consumer market and the advertising industry, debt and cross-equity presentations: some advertisers remained relatively cautious about the marketing budget, with the advertising market recovering in the second half of the year and the public.
The Department's high-quality viewing of the arts has been launched, and advertising revenues are expected to improve marginally; the first half of Mango tv members' business has a “Mango Card” in Hunan Province and throughout the country, and a new Mango tv membership card has been introduced in August with the Bounty Sky Cat.
There has been a slight decline in the Māori rate of Internet video and good cost control. (1) In the first half of 2023, companies had a business cost of $4.34 billion, representing a Māori rate of 35.1 per cent, a 1.2 percentage point decline over the same period, with Māgotv ' s Māori rate for Internet video business of 42.7 per cent, a 0.8 percentage point decline over the same period; and the new media interactive entertainment content system
The corresponding decline of 4.2 percentage points. The small decline in MKV is mainly due to stable content production and lower income levels; the significant increase in MW in the production of interactive content in the new media is due to the optimization of the number of video projects and the upgrading of the roi project; and the decline in MWL in the operation of content suppliers.
The positive restructuring of the business structure and the commodity structure of the company is based on the firm ' s active self-employment and exclusive agency of commodities. (2) billion yuan, with a management rate of 3.6 per cent, a decrease of 0.2 percentage points in the same year; R & D costs of 105 million yuan, an increase of 1.0 percentage points in the same year. As can be seen, the company ' s costs are well regulated and the overall profit margin is mentioned.
At present, Mangotv and Hunan Watch have 48 self-made teams, 22 video self-profiling teams and 36 strategic workshops for the New Mangang Project, the largest long video content production base in the country.
The first half of 2023 was selected for the most effective top20 (column data): 64 online dramas, of which 19 were focused on video dramas, and 45 were featured in a mini-drama entitled "The Great Mangang Plan".
In addition, the company’s recent announcement is that it will buy 100% of the gold eagle’s stake in cash from its own funds, to fill the young children’s content plates, and to further strengthen the corporate content product matrix. Investment proposal: The company’s performance in 2023 is expected to improve as the advertising environment improves, and to proactively adjust content production and interiors.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East has fallen short of expectations; (4) the epidemic has affected the progress of content production.
Click here to enter the text. The East's financial and intellectual source of networking, working with excellent companies, is committed to leading the market in order to tap industrial investment opportunities.
We're going to build community socialization, networking, short videos, long videos, live broadcasts, music and audio books; we're going to use the United States to track Internet trends in the service of life; we're going to use Alibaba, Dodo, Kyoto as the core to track trends in domestic and cross-border electricity suppliers.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Mango supermedia (300413.sz) reports a slight decline in Internet video revenues, a strong propriety of content, and no change in information and advice. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.