Mongo SuperMechanism (300413.sz)
On June 28th, the Hunan Broadcasting and Video Group Ltd. (HUNV) Party Secretary, Dong Company is the first core industry chain in the market that features integration and development, with full access and ecological integrity of content.
President Zhang Huali and the Project Manager gave an interview to the Hunan Daily journalist, and at the macro-decision level, the State-owned new media company, as well as the Hunan Broadcasting and Video Group, focused, at the operational level, on the exploration of a “double platform” for deep integration of the Hunan Wide Media.
The company’s main business includes Mangotv Internet video business, new media interactive entertainment.
Increased content self-manufacturing and a dual breakthrough in video-mixed art quality and quantity. Content production and content vendor business, etc. (1) Two platform teams are integrated to expand the variety of video-mixed art subjects.
Highlights for the next three to six months: Increase the size of monolithic project production by expanding and covering the full range of photo-multicultural subject matter items, and show users a more debt-paying and cross-share presentation:
Mangotv and Hunan Watch have been fully informed about creative proposals, evaluation projects, and the organization of awareness-raising and production.
In late June, the full crew acceleration 2023, which combines the reality show with virtual space, digital people, explores the shape of 5g+vr+4k live. The new show, new technology, is based on a virtual production of mango visions under the umbrella of the group.
Ex-Huannan has been able to synchronize the live video data, produce 4K ultra-high-quality mastery on the cloud, and distribute it.
(3) The ruling party controls the new media platforms listed on the market, which have an advantage in content creation within the regulatory policy. Film shows must be licensed to broadcast before they go online.
In 2022, under a two-platform combination, the Hunan General Directorate of Electricity and Electricity received 97 praises from the Chinese Ministry of Public Information and China, winning more than 20 national trophies, such as the Starlight Award, the Flying Sky Award, the China News Award, and one from the Yangtze Award.
At the organizational level, a two-platform platform has been set up.
The TV and TV drama creation committee, together with the Hunan Watchroom, the Mangotv platform operating centre, constitutes a stable “triangular hub” with a unified planning and operation. In the case of video projects, the two platforms are jointly purchased, marketed, promoted, and cost-saving while maximizing the platform's value and dissemination effects;
In May 2022, Hunan Watch and Mangotv joined forces for the first time; throughout 2022, the two platforms organized three joint chambers of commerce, with 20 key client-long video projections, which counted as single-house dual platforms and kept the two platforms in the same position at the head of the market throughout the year.
(ii) To further industrialize and diversify the development process. In parallel with the development of the co-opportunities, the future Hunan wide power will converge to “guard +tv+n”, “Newsboard + wind + n”, “Cable + lake s148018001”
+n), +n, +n, +n, +n, +n, 5g Laboratories + Media +n, build five equations, integrate the development model, and create a deep media-wide mix of communication patterns.
The platform’s resources are further consolidated and are expected to optimize the entire business chain. The company’s performance in 2023 is expected to be 24x, 20x, and 17x, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Not as much as expected; (4) the impact of the epidemic on the progress of content production. Mango supermix (300413.sz) remarks: Two platforms are deeply integrated to achieve a double breakthrough in the quality and quantity of their own content. Click here to enter text.
The East is a source of financial and intellectual growth, networking boards, working with companies of excellence, are committed to leading the market in terms of investment opportunities in the industry. Closely tracking industrial trends, focusing on communications, covering community socialization, Internet, short videos, long videos, live broadcasts, music and audio books, and tracking the Internet for life with the United States.
The trend is to track the development of domestic and cross-border power suppliers with Alibaba, Dodo, and Kyouta at the core. The researcher’s own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Eung Hing Securities Insight Report, Mango Supermix (300413.sz): A two-platform insult, a double-mixing of content quality and quantity.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.