Biannual review of Mango Supermomentation (300413.sz): adverting temporarily, members and electricians show a good trend in doing business
Mango supermedia revealed 23h1 performance on 18 August: 23h1 achieved gross operating income of $6.69 billion and Mangotv Internet video, the main player, achieved operating income of $5.14 billion, a 1.7 per cent decline compared to the previous year.
A slow recovery in the consumer market and advertising industry as a whole, and a relatively cautious investment in marketing budgets by some advertisers. The fall in advertising by 23q1 affected by the epidemic is even more pronounced, q2 being wide.
• Member business: 23h1 achieved operating income of $1.96 billion, an increase of 5.5%.
In terms of the expansion of membership channels, companies have achieved new results, moving with China as of 30 June 2023.
On August 3, Mangotv officially agreed to work with the Treasure Sky Cat in order to create a new market for new users in the city of Hunan.
The new Mango tv membership card rights for members of the Precious Cat 88vip, which was the first time that 88vip had an interest in working with a video platform outside Ali's ecology. Operators: 23h1 operators achieved business income of $1.39 billion, a year-on-year increase.
15.2%. The company has continued to promote the national layout of large screen operations with China ' s mobile cooperation outside the province, and has steadily increased its income from value-added operations on the end of iptv in the province, with 23h1 generating business income of 1.250 billion yuan, a 32.1% increase over the same period.
In the first half of 2023, Manpower had surpassed the total amount of gmv in the previous year, and had continued at a high rate of 23q2 quarter alone, with companies achieving gross operating income of 3.63 billion yuan, 1.2 per cent growth in the same year, 18.9 per cent growth in the ring, 710 million yuan in the net return to the mother, 3.3 per cent growth in the same year, and the ring growth in the same year.
Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., 19.4 per cent, an increase of 0.4 percentage points in the same year. The sales cost of 23q2 was $530 million, a decrease in the same year.
1.5 per cent of the cost of sales is 14.5 per cent, 120 million yuan, an increase of 16.2 per cent over the same period, and the advertising business slowed down in the first half of the year, with new content expected to be added.
Lines have improved. 23h1 has been affected by macroeconomics, and Mangotv advertising has slowed down at a similar rate, but the situation has improved in the second quarter as compared to the first quarter. The company has a larger share of overall art in the first half of the year, but the head set is relatively small. Looking ahead, we think that in the second half of the year,
With new art such as "Brothers with thorns" and new dramas such as "Song Chi", "Wolves" in the monsoon theatre, the advertising ring is expected to improve significantly, and revenue from the advertising industry is gradually improving.
The company has recently strengthened its strategic cooperation with China’s mobile and skyscrapers group, launching new products such as Mangoca’s 88vip member, Mangotv’s rights and interests.
With a broad user and flow base, we believe that the access to Mangotv members will be further expanded. It is expected that Mango tv members will have a better number of users and income growth in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year, driven by motion zones and 88vip members.
The company's online play set, " The Song Youth 2 " , includes a pro-humanized i-talking function that allows users to choose six characters for the play to interact with the play-a-com. The pro-human i-dialogue and the content of the TV show help to move in.
A step-by-step effort to enhance the cohesiveness of the play and enrich the content of the ip. We believe that the feature is a useful attempt to connect the TV show to the iA, and that it could be promoted in the future or in more cinematographics and amphibious content, in one way or another, to increase user activity and stickyness, and in the other, to help the platform expand its outreach.
New payment models other than staff fees to improve the life cycle and profitability of the show. Investment proposal: Corporate first half of the year, Wind 4 Accompanied: Bo Island Season, etc. High heat, good slogans, positive market feedback, although advertising has been subject to the same macroeconomic impact as ever.
Slip, but the q2 ring ratio has improved significantly, and it is expected that the upper line of 23h2 more new works will lead to a recovery; members benefit from hard content quality, which remains positive for the same year, and benefit from the expansion of channels in the second half of the year, which is expected to accelerate further.
Gmv and income are growing rapidly, opening up new business imaginations for companies. We're looking at the Division as an Internet long video platform of scarce state-owned properties, and continuing to explore new businesses such as sound video content owners with advertising, membership as the main intake model, electricity dealers, script killings, etc.
Risk factors: the content is broadcast below expectations and the project's up-to-date rhythm is uncertain. B.A. Management, 2016-2021, served on Skywind securities, covering a number of plates such as the Internet, games, advertisements, electricians, etc., and meta-cosm, etc.
The industry, with five years of research experience, has long-term follow-up coverage of the Hong Kong and United States stock markets and the Internet.
The Beijing Post and Telecommunications University has a bachelor’s degree in computers, who has worked in telecommunications for three years at the first level of the market, has five years of entrepreneurship ( artificial intelligence, virtual digital people, etc.), and has industrial experience in areas such as artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, and the Internet. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.