Second half of the year 2023: Multi-heading art on line, electrician, 18/08/2023 Research assistant Zhang Wenyu
Keywords: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients Events: Mango Super-Mongos, $6.689 billion (oy-0.37 per cent) for 2023h1 and 1,251 million (yoy+5.04 per cent) for mother-to-child return, of which 2,023q2 is $3.633 billion
Cash flows reached $1,033 million and cash flows were good.
(a) Thirty-nine multi-channel shows, of which 2023 are entitled “Study Nostalgia” and 8 are entitled “Study No. 8” and “Women's Insights” were selected for the first half of 2023 to play tot20 effectively;
23h1 advertising generated $1.79 billion (Yoy-17.23%). The company’s multi-heading philanthropy, hiring, power Internet platforms, white wine, food, etc., has reduced its advertising revenue.
The 23h1 members earn 1,961 million yuan (youy + 5.54%) in their operations. Mangotv relies on quality p to raise user stickyness and long-cycles by introducing the rights of its members, such as browsing, looking ahead, participating in live recording, etc.
In June, the Mango Card was launched in cooperation with China's mobile partners; in August, the 88vip + Mangotv membership card was launched in cooperation with the Bounty Sky Cat.
In the case of out-of-provincial operations, in cooperation with telecommunications operators, the expansion of sub-provincial operations has been continuously strengthened and the national layout of large screen operations has been deepened.
In terms of intra-provincial operations, iptv introduced a “super-constituency” with a steady increase in value-added business income. Mango Supermix (300413): Event evaluation:  electrician gmv is growing rapidly and “content+video+electricist” business closed.
The video industry warms up, and technology empowers 23h1 young Mandarin gmv, which is over 2022 years old, continues to grow at a high rate.
In the end, the mini-moderator combines content with electricity, and the first custom-made polymagnetism, "Travel to the Geographic Book." The soybean petals score more than nine points, and the volume of the programme and the sale of the goods are growing rapidly.
ai, virtual photography, xr technologies have been applied to a number of programmes to help reduce efficiency gains and industrial innovations, and the company has applied aigc video auto-dismantling techniques to short video productions of programmes such as the All-Acceleration Act 2023 " Exploration for Love " , " Fireworks among My People " , which significantly improves the efficiency of content production;
Applying Ledxr technology to Soundless Island Season, using virtual photography and vr technology to 2023 Overtime Search in Full Time Accelerator; applying the role of ai to the Song Youth Spirit 2 and exploring the social and chat functions of ai.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We value the company ' s quality content barriers and the technological advances of the ai. Vi Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.