Mango super-media (300413.sz) content is strong, advertising is marginal, the media is digital.
The company discloses performance in the first half of the year: 1) operating income of 6,689 million yuan in the first half of the year, net profit return to the mother of 1,251 million yuan, an increase of -0.4 per cent and 5.0 per cent, respectively, for marginal improvements in advertising, and good performance by members and operators in the first half of the year. 1) advertising business in the first half of the year.
In the future, with the recovery of the industry, the company has built on a strong and dynamic mix of arts, and, by supplementing the series, enhancing marketing effectiveness and arithmetic optimization, it is expected to open up the space for growth in advertising; and 2) in the first half of the year, the member business generated an operating income of $1,961 million, an increase of 5.54 per cent.
The wind's place, where high-quality pips such as Wind 2023, have a year-long feature, specializing in mastery, taking part in live programming and other members' exclusive rights, constantly raising the number of new members, user stickyness and long-cycle users, while continuously expanding the channel “Mangoca” has reached out to millions of new users and “motion zone” users.
Mangoca, a national marketing programme, a formal collaboration between Mangotv and Bounty Cats, etc.) Business operations continue to generate business revenues of $1,389 million, an increase of 15.18 per cent over the same period, and continue to increase at a high rate.) Good content performance, aigc, xr, etc., is well established, and new technological fields continue to be laid out.
In the first half of the year, Mangotv went on the line with 39 different types of art programmes, and in the first half of the year, eight programmes, such as "Step 2023" and "Step 8" and "Women's Insight", were selected for the first half of the year 2023.
During the first half of the year, 64 dramas were produced, of which 19 were featured in the film, 45 in the “Master Plan”; and 45 in the new technological field: aigc video auto-dismantling techniques have been developed, leading to a significant increase in the creation of Mango Supermix (300413.sz) - a good stock of content, and advertising is expected to hit the bottom.
Content production efficiency. Using virtual reality ledxr technology, Mango Supermomentation (300413.sz) - Watching the company's 2023 stock of multi-cultural content, the country's first multi-time, multi-geographical virtual reality show, linked to vr technology through virtual photography.
On-line, Mango Supermedia (300413.sz) - Improved performance of members, improved performance of members, combined support for the production of the full-time accelerated 2023 and the documentary " Overtime Search " .
"Hi chat party" full-stop chat hall, with millions of live users, introducing a personalized ai product, connecting the "big model" with feature ip content, introducing the role of "Song Chi"ai, building "Mango Supermix (300413.sz) - Short Performance Pressure, Focusing on the Follow-up Panorama"
Queai social system, testing a waterie chat pay-as-you-go scenario. Investment proposal: We maintain a profit forecast with a projected net return profit of 23/24/25 years, keeping an eye on corporate content and platform operating advantages and aigc age growth possibilities, respectively.
The company discloses performance in the first half of the year: 1) operating income in the first half of the year; 1.174 billion yuan in net profit from non-repatriation, an increase of 7.2 per cent in the same year; 2) 23 years of marginal improvement in advertising and good performance by members and operators. 1) first half of the year of advertising revenue collection
With $1.79 billion in revenue, a 17.23 per cent decline is evident, and the company’s advertising business is becoming more marginal and better. In the future, with the recovery of the industry, the company relies on a strong and stable mix of arts, with enhanced marketing performance and arithmetic optimization, it is expected to open up the space for advertising growth; and 2) in the first half of the year, the membership has made a difference.
At the end of the reporting period, new users of Mangoca were piloted in Hunan Province in cooperation with China.
On July 16, the company joined the Chinese mobile team to host the Mangoca Fair, which was a new upgrade of the content+ip+web+Application model. On August 3, Mangotv and the Bounty Skycat officially launched the national launch.
A partnership has been reached to create a new Mango tv annual card for members of the Bottlecat 88vip, which is $8.8vip billion, a 15.18 per cent increase in the same year, and which continues to increase at a higher rate.
In the first half of 2023, the program was selected to play Top20 (coupled data) effectively, and it has continued to strengthen its “lead sheep” status. The social and economic benefits of the head show have been mixed with those of the economy.
Embassies and mainstream media have focused on making new breakthroughs in terms of influence, communication, and subject matter, and have become the first full web-based search for the art of all. Voice-in-law, Bo Island Season, uses music as a medium to build its roots in the heart of God, and promotes a sense of purpose between our compatriots on both sides of the Straits, with a strong resonance after airing at home and abroad.
"Small and beautiful" blends like "Small and Beautiful" in "Happy Grown-ups" and "Friendly Men" in "Friends" in "Friends" in "Friendly Mangos" in "Friendly Mans" in "Friendly Mans" in "Friendly Mans" in the "Friends".
A high level of appreciation in the authoritative media, both at home and abroad, has produced a “circle of drama and fire” that has become the subject of the revitalization of the cultural works in the rural areas. The audio-visual presentation and the theme for the first time in this life have been praised by 11 mainstream media outlets, such as the Light Net and the Chinese Women's Journal.
The author assured that the data used in the report were from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis was based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, and that the results of the analysis were based on the results of the analysis.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author