The young man's power provider is growing bright, and I've become agile, and the mango supermoderator (300413.sz) is on the 18th of August 2023.
• 2023q2 performance has been continuously repaired, with good quality content driven by long-term growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of 6,689 million yuan (same-0.37 per cent) of corporate business earnings of 20239h1, achieving a net return profit of 1,251 million dollars or sustained recovery of member business, either as a result of a combination of art, dramatization and fine content.
We maintain a profit forecast for 2023-2025, and we expect that the company's content-driven performance will continue to grow, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The advertising business will continue to be repaired, members and operators will grow robustly, and Internet video hosts will become more resilient.
Narrow, as the advertising industry recovers, the overall arts consolidates, and the content of the show is supplemented, the advertising business is expected to continue to recover. 2023h1 company members earn 1,961 million yuan (year-on-year +5.54%) in their business, as the company continues to enrich their membership and to cooperate with the members of the Bounty Cat 88vip, whose membership may be sustained or driven by a steady increase in the number of members.
With regard to off-provincial operations, companies have strengthened their cooperation with China's mobile operations and have continued to deepen the national layout of large screen operations; with regard to the interior of the province, IPTV has launched the “Super Congresser” and is on-line with the “Hananan Smart Education Platform television end” and is becoming increasingly rich. The rich screen applications are expected to jointly drive the steady growth of the operator's business.
• Mandarins grow brightly, “New business model +ai empowerment” or further open the door to corporate growth.
Models, full-stop chat halls on-line, with millions of live users, introducing a personalized ai product, connecting the "big model" with feature ip content, introducing the role of "Song Chi" ai, building "aigc enabling creation, fine content or driving a man."
Qui social system, testing the waterai chat pay scene. We believe that, depending on the content advantage, the mini-man power provider has continued to grow – the company update looks to keep growing fast, new business models and the i application or further open up the room for company growth.
or driving performance growth - company update