Mango super-media, joining the Ali88vip system, aigc technical enabler, aigc technology.
Strong. Cooperation with the Ali88vip system is expected to open up a long-term growth space for its members; attempt to combine aigc technology with content and operational roles to expand the value of ip copyrights; acquire golden eagle cartoons, increase the supply of high-quality young and young children ' s programmes and enrich content copyright resources.
Join the Ali88vip system and open up a long-term growth space for its members. On August 3, Mango tv entered into a partnership with the Pony Cat, and the user opened 88vip, and can choose one of the Mango tv and the Cool Member's annual card benefits.
Users, bringing 44 new users with a conversion rate of about 40% for Juju. As of 22h1,88vip users, 25 million people. This collaboration is expected to bring in nearly millions of members to Mangotv. Further opening up the membership growth space (59.16 million active members to Mangotv by the end of 22 years).
q2-q3, Mangotv has been on the line for multi-purpose comprehensive arts: Wind 2023, The Young People’s Plan, Life Towards Life 7 2.3 (4.0) (9.4).
According to cloud data, the 23h1 net was effectively aired, and in the top 20 of the list, Mangotv took eight seats, and the Mongotv 3 has been recorded. The 2023 episode showed a breakthrough, and according to cloud data, go to the wind.
The highest number of airers, My People Fireworks, reached 10.6%/11.6%; and the high-quality episode, Song Young-Hyun 2, was launched on July 29. Under the low base last year, performance is expected to increase faster in the second half of the year. Aigc technology enabling content creation and ip operations.
An interactive dialogue product for the three-month average trading value (million yuan) for the role.
Mango Media Ltd. holds 10 dialogues at $2.8, 50 dialogues at 5.8 and 1,500 dialogues at $29.8.
The company has previously announced that it intends to acquire Mango Media Ltd. (with 56.09% of the company’s shares) as a shareholder.
Mango SuperMechanism, 202,0423 Gold Eagle Cartoon Media Co. Ltd. has a 100% stake at a transaction price of $835 million. Golden Eagle Cartoon is a lake.
(a) The Young Children ' s Content Production Company under the South Broadband, which accumulates high-quality children ' s comprehensive programmes, animated pips, such as McNuggets and his friends, The Mango SuperMaster, 2022,1026 The New Voice of Mangos, No. 23 Bull No. Tang, Play House;
Through the light asset model, a partnership has been established with a number of children's gardens under the line: in derivatives developers, Silver International Securities Co. Ltd., cattle, wheat, etc., have their own ips integrated with various skus, such as boxes and creative products.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy media: digital media Members growing less than expected; advertising less than expected; content regulation exceeding expectations; industry competition plus
Chinese silver securities