The recovery is showing up, and the strength of the content supports long-term development.
In 2023h1, the company achieved operating income of $6.689 billion, a slight decline of 0.37 per cent over the same period; the net profit on maternity was re-emerged as economic warming and the recovery of the industry opened up new opportunities.
Content dominance supports multi-business growth, cutting-edge technology-driven follow-up, sub-business, with 2023h1 advertising generating revenues of $1.790 billion, a 17.23 per cent decline in the same year, and leading philanthropy programmes, such as the Uninterested Treasure Season, that engage and expand the branding of a number of key industry leaders.
In July, Mangocca was launched jointly with China's mobile cooperation, Mangotv worked in partnership with the Bounty Cat and 88vip added Mangotv members' annual card rights.
Intra-provincial operations, based on strategic collaboration with operators, the expansion of sub-provincial operations and the deepening of large-screen operations are reported on a quarterly basis: membership is innovative and advertising is expected to continue to be repaired. Intra-provincial operations, iptv has launched a “super-constituency” with a steady increase in value-added business income.
In the first half of 2023, the young mangmv had over 2022, with brand and user-end two-way power, happy buying and small manglers forming channels and user complementarities.
In addition, companies have taken the initiative to embrace cutting-edge technology and try to benefit: Basics and Valuation Warming, Waiting for Recovery 2022.12.27.
In the future, the company will continue to combine its own resources and explore new scenarios for more aigc technologies. The company is the only new media company in a stock market that has a state-owned owner, video media, based on the Tomango identity.
Ecology, with the Internet video platform operating at its core, is a collaborative development upstream and downstream. The company is expected to perform 2023 - content less than expected, new business development less than expected, macroeconomic volatility risk, and political authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on portfolio investment, with a diligent, professional attitude and objectivity.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.