The media content continues to develop into a solid base of new explorations — the mango supermedia (300413.sz) incident review report zhuzhu@cfsc.com.cn
In the second quarter of 2023, the profit margin was the same, the ring was double, the advertising income fell, and the new exploration continued.
At the same time, the net operating cash flow for the first half of the year amounted to $1,033 million (cash flow improvement) and the repairs to the quarter of 2023 are beginning to show up.
Members, in July 2023, the company proposed to buy the Golden Eagle Cartoon stock with its own cash, relying on the new media platform Mangotv's “one screen” multi-licensed license plates, which will enable the Golden Eagle Cartoon company to provide high-quality young children's programming, reach more users and also
To help improve the company's content map (in the first half of 2023, Mango tv and Hunan Watch) there are 48 home-made teams, 22 video-based home-made teams and 36 "New 1, Mango Supermix (300413), technology, etc.
2023-05-D); Mangotv's collaboration with 88vip in August, quality content-driven travel, etc.
After the engine of the plate, Mango tv continued to increase its membership rights for extended content 2, Mango SuperMechanism (300413), Mango Bipolar Resilient and Growing Tool 2023-
End-of-life business values. The company, based on its own content thickness reserves, has also been active in opening up new explorations. 3, Mango Supermixes (300413), 2022
Membership and advertising income are the expression of results, with quality content provision at the core (deeply, advertising has fallen to 2023 quality content for users of the farm stock, improved content quality, and improved performance, becoming the standard of operation)
The current focus of the platforms is on the realization of the benefits of the major video platforms in terms of industry profitability, the gradual realization of the benefits from the reduction of the efficiency of the plant, and the generally benign development of the industry.
The company ' s ecclesiastical programmes have broken their path by launching projects such as "Singing In Doom " , " 8th season of Big Detectives " 2023 by Wind " , maintaining the incubation of innovative programmes, and, in the case of video dramas, relying on home-made teams and strategic studios, accelerating the process.
In the first half of the year, "Going to Wind" was a hot-blowing feature, and in 2023, the two-way platform for the restoration and addition of the mainstream media was still superior to the development of aigc's new content production infrastructure.
In 2023, the company is expected to use the aigc to interact with fiction as a product technology, to explore the combination of aigc technology kiosks and media scenes, to build new content production infrastructure in aigc, to cover script creation, audio and video.
An interactive experience that will continue to explore media product patterns, technology applications and business model innovations, such as the introduction of the role of "Song Chi 2 " .
A new model for testing water chats to pay for water while also helping to reduce efficiency gains, developing aigc video, auto-dismantling technology, significantly increasing the efficiency of content production, and in the future, the company has the hope that it will combine its own resources to explore more applications of new technologies such as aigc.
In 2023, the content of the company ' s programmes and the depth of technology together created new technology for tool properties, enabling the depth and breadth of content products. Technology, from pc to mobile Internet and to Won-woo.
The breadth and depth of the content, while new technologies, such as the one, can bring about mitigation efficiency, can also help in supporting human innovation, with a medium- and long-term focus on high-quality content supply, which is expected to become a “profit engine” for high-quality industrial development, mango.
The cultural brand advantage of the industry and the ecological sustainability of the high-quality content of the two platforms, based on the revalued value of the company’s owner’s 2023 potential for restoration of mainstream media copyrights, maintain a “buy-in” investment rating.
The new business explores less risks than expected, the film industry does not examine risks, the artist's own factors pose potential risks, the program's offline risks, the brain stream, the risk of loss, the risk of the gold eagle being bought less than expected, the macroeconomic wave.
The new consumer group of the media introduced the following: Bachelor of Science, Master of Finance, with experience in the field of business, the Association of Chinese Securities Research Institutes in November 2021, covering, inter alia, Internet sections of media games.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.