Mango Supermix (300413.sz) Review: Purchase of gold eagle cartoons to achieve deep complementarity, big screens, mango supermixes.
Event: The company announces a 100% stake in the Hunan Golden Eagle Cartoon Media Company Ltd. (“Goldhawk Cartoon”) held by the Mango Media, the owner of the cash acquisition holding of its own funds.
It is valued at $835 million. This transaction constitutes a related transaction and does not constitute a re-marketing exercise.
The annual net profit is not less than $54,142,500, and the annual net profit in 2025 is not less than $59,6947,000.
Mangotv's Internet video business, new media interactive entertainment, old-school young content producers, and a sound profit model. Golden Eagle Cartoon was founded in 2004 as a content-making and content-setter business.
After many years of development, the company has built up its understanding of the content market, content creation capabilities, and deep quality ips, extending vertically to offline activities and parks.
(i) In terms of content production, Goldhawk cartoons make animated films, comprehensive arts, big evenings and other young children's days;
There is excellent production capacity in the field of activity, such as McNuggets and his friends, China's New Voice, No. 23 Niang Tang, Play House, etc. (2) In terms of online activities and the operation of the park, Golden Eagle Cartoons uses popular ip resources to do it
Long-term and rich experience in organizing events and organizing a series of off-line thematic events; cooperation with several parks to build a stable business model for the operation of the park through the export of the light asset model. (3) In the development and marketing of derivatives, the Golden Eagle Cartoons has their own ips like Don and McNugget.
In 2021-2022, the company achieved operating revenues of $452 million and $273 million; operating profits split. Mango super-mango buys gold eagle cartoons to complement each other deeply and the big screen is expected to become a new growth point.
It is the only market competitor in the Internet video industry with iptv and ott's license plates. Wisdom, which covers 31 provincial administrative regions, is the first video medium in the entire industry to truly achieve “one cloud and one screen”.
85.49% of mobile Internet users in the country are now growing steadily, and the big screen is expected to become a long video level of 552 million users, with 51.7% of the total number of cellular end users and 18.5% of the total. We believe that the company will be able to increase the number by acquiring gold eagle cartoons to complete the young content plate.
Investment advice: companies buy golden eagle cartoons, and content self-contained advantages are stronger. In 2023, companies performed less than expected: (4) the epidemic affected content production.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the Mango Supermix (300413.sz) event review: the acquisition of Golden Eagle cartoons achieves deep complementarities and the big screen is expected to become a new growth point by clicking here to enter text.
The East is a source of financial and intellectual growth, networking boards, working with companies of excellence, are committed to leading the market in terms of investment opportunities in the industry. Closely tracking industrial trends, focusing on communications, covering community socialization, Internet, short videos, long videos, live broadcasts, music and audio books, and tracking the Internet for life with the United States.
The trend is to track the development of domestic and cross-border power suppliers with Alibaba, Dodo, and Kyouta at the core. The researcher’s own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Timor's financial boom, East Hing Securities In-depth Report, Mango SuperMemor (300413.sz) Event Review: The acquisition of Golden Eagle cartoons is a source of deep complementarity, and the big screen is expected to be a new growth point.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.