Starwoo's share (601799) is still in the sky and is it still in the sky?
Starwoo shares have been growing at a high rate over the past 10 years, based on a series of natural benefits. We run the research, design, and manufacturing of automobile lamps, and we think that the core reason for the company's success is to meet at the right time on a high-quality light track.
The company’s products cover the German, Japanese, American, legal, Chinese branded whole company.
After the 2010s, the joint venture’s demand for lower costs rose. Through its long-standing business, the company’s clients, including Europe, Japan, the United States and China, accumulated over hard power and cost to meet customers’ needs.
The demand for R & D and production inputs is relatively low, and there are no arms competitions within the sector.
23 July 2020: the 2020 edition of the new energy vehicle subsidy, which is not as strong downstream as it is today, we believe that most of the competitive advantages of companies still exist.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
(c) The epidemic of covid-19 did not affect the firm’s profitability. The company’s overseas business share of the profits.
\triangleright \triangleright is not high, and suppliers have a significantly lower overseas dependency than their competitors. \ Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect companies
The growth is more certain and is higher than the average for car parts and components, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
1. The company’s successful return: the hero of the moment, the driver of the light, the firm’s steady growth over the last 10 years, is largely the result of the joint venture’s pursuit of “economically sound” lamp suppliers. After the 2011 market, the company’s revenue and performance grew by almost 20%.
Figure 2: Starwoo shares in the net profit of the mother and the increase in the speed of the year 1.1 days: the joint venture has a demand for “economically sound” light suppliers
After the 2010s, the joint venture’s demand for lower costs increased. Until then, the domestic vehicle market had low capacity.
Faced with the low-cost demand from foreign firms, firms responded positively with a reasonable system of cost and quality. And the company’s combined capacity came from a repeat hammering over the last decade or so in the Autonomous Motors Project.
In the background, the willingness to enter other whole-car customers is not strong, and the incentive of foreign firms to allow their competitors to enter their own appliance systems is not significant: the technical and quality capabilities of other private car-light manufacturers are different from those of companies.
The source of financial growth in the East is the relatively low demand for inputs into research and development and production as a key car spare parts system. Carlight manufacturers do not have to be forced to participate in arms competitions and reinvest most of their profits in the development of new products. Moreover, the production of lamp products has a high turnover rate, with light-assessed vehicles.
Carlight products are important car appearances, safety features. The characteristics of the lamp products determine that the entire factory is usually dominant in the R&D process and that the cost of the R&D process is limited. The cost of S.A.S. shares in R&D has not accounted for more than 4% of operating income in recent years, significantly less than most systems.
The bulk of the cost of R & D is lower than the company’s share in the stock market than the company’s share of the total vehicle fleet. The East’s financial and intellectual boom is, however, not only the value added of the Starwood stock lamp business.
The plan provides validation and a more economical way of producing landings. Carlights consist of a large number of secondary parts. Some parts need to be processed upstream. Some parts need to be processed by a secondary supplier. Some parts need to be made by the headlight manufacturer (e.g., plasticization of the skin) and some parts require surface treatment by the FSA.
The advantages of the commercial sector, and in particular of the private lighting industry, are reflected in vertical specialization.Figure 3: The light development process. In addition, as a vehicle system-level business, the lighting business has the following advantages:
(b) There is more autonomy in the lighting plant than in other interior and interior apparel systems, and close to coordinated research and development in relation to the entire plant. Other interior and interior apparel manufacturers are more closely associated with the pure surrogate mode of processing under the whole factory design.
1.3 and: Focusing and Decisively Shaping. Since its inception, Starwoo shares have been focused on the business of carlights, with few car parts and components other than carlights. The focus of the company is particularly on obtaining cost advantages by professional means, without compromising the flexibility of the development process and the quality of the product.
The company first wins the cost. At the start of the company, the company’s insistence on producing most of its priority secondary parts has gradually accumulated cost barriers.
Private spare parts manufacturers are usually small in size at the start-up stage, with low bargaining power vis-à-vis upstream suppliers (especially those with relatively complex secondary parts). If they fail to do so, they are forced to purchase secondary parts at a higher price than the foreign giants.
The company, starting with the Chirre car, a steaming auto, and expanding its new customers through its old customers, has been able to get a fix on the general public, the Toyota, the Toyota public, and the auto utility. The company is now the largest supplier of spare parts.
One. When the company cuts into a crowd, the main car lamp supplier, Heila, has not yet set up a joint car light factory with one, and the two sides are not strong enough. When the company cuts into the crowd, the headlight company under the flag, Shanghai Xiaoming, changes. The company captures only a few of the biggest opportunities in the lighting industry, based on hard labor and management.
In addition, the stockholding structure of Starwood is unified, and business thinking and decision-making are clear. After entering the auto parts and components industry, the chairman, Ms. Chow, has accumulated a wealth of experience in all sectors of the industry, starting with the sale of lights.
However, we believe that most of the competitive advantages of Starwood’s shares still exist, and that future growth is expected to continue at a much higher rate than in the passenger industry. The quality of the track of the headlights remains the same.
The commercial character of a car-light manufacturer remains unchanged. The commercial value of a car-lighter as a visual and safety device is still to assist (not replace) in the development of the entire car factory, while processing it at a certain cost. The characteristics of the lamp product make it less intensive and the turnover of manufacturing is expected to continue to increase.
At the moment, there is no dominant business in the domestic lights market, and there are no visible new entrants. At the same time, most manufacturers have established strong partnerships with the entire factory. As the downstream market is growing in concentration, cars are becoming more concentrated.
Table 3: Current patterns of the lights market, technical and regulatory barriers remain, and competition is not a powerful private challenger. Most competitors in companies are still joint ventures and foreign-owned lights manufacturers, public companies.
With the spread of new energy cars, the demand for flexible development cycles will increase. Flexibility and flexibility will enhance firms’ competitiveness vis-à-vis joint ventures and foreign counterparts.
In addition to the controllers, the raw materials of the lamp system are more common materials and devices, and the upstream competitive pattern is more fragmented. As a result, the lights industry is more competitive upstream.
The share of overseas operations is low, with recent years in Europe’s Serbian production plants. The impact of the overseas epidemic on companies’ operations is limited; supply chain security is better than that of joint venturers.
Eung Heung's securities depth report, Starwoo shares (601799): are you still there? 3. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
1.4 xpeg, which is in the middle of the auto parts industry. We believe that the growth of the company is more certain and higher than the average of car parts and components, maintaining a “recommended” rating, and that domestic consumption of passenger vehicles is not as high as expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
SONG-WON (601799): Are you still there?
B.A., University of Qinghua, Master of Arts, University of Dartmouth, United States of America, cfa holder, seven years of national and international technical and managerial experience in the automobile industry.
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.