The three-quarterly review in 2024: the stock reached its highest ever, the scale of operations remained stable, the net profit of the parent was short-term pressured, the size of the stock was historically high, the overall operating income remained stable, and the net profit of the parent fell significantly, mainly for three reasons.
Third, as a result of the increase in post-sale security tasks, sales costs increased by $69 million on a year-to-year basis.Billions of dollars, +125.36 per cent) and significant increases in financial costs, mainly due to the increase in the size of the regional interest liability and the increase in interest rates; and, secondly, a decrease in exchange rate gains. Net return on investment: 119 million
29.06 per cent), mainly due to lower payments received from clients and higher expenditures for the acquisition of goods.
There is no cash flow arising from fund-raising activities.
A robust growth, with a record high of 2024-05-net performance in the first quarter (46.20 billion yuan, +27.34 per cent), was largely the result of increased liquidity borrowing. The corporate cash and cash equivalents decreased by $4,706 million in the current reporting period.
Corporate ratings: Aerial engine champions, steady performance rises, Replenishment subsidiary civil aviation launchers 2023-2022 annual reports: robust performance throughout the year; dawn and dawn
The decline in net profits attributable to the mother is evident. The three main causes are financial cost increases, tax increases, post-sale security assignments, and sales increases.
According to the company ' s semi-annual report for 2024, the company ' s main business is divided into three categories: aviation engine and derivative operations, foreign trade export sub-contracting operations, non-aeronautical products and other operations.
The company’s products are used to power aircraft, ships, etc. The aircraft engine contains derivatives, which represent almost 94% of the company’s total business.
A slight increase in comparison, mainly due to increased demand from clients and increased delivery of products; income from foreign trade conversion production (100.4 million yuan, +11.02 per cent), non-aerial products and others (100 million yuan, the company ' s main operating income is from the Western Airways Corporation (the parent company) and the three main mainframes under the flag.
The main operations of the four main mainframe plants in 2024h1 were as follows:
Yearly revenue is recognized, and the rest will be recognized in subsequent years. Dawn is mainly engaged in aviation engines, gas turbines, etc., and its main production is medium- and high-powered flights. Air engines are widely equipped with many high-performance military aircraft in the country.
In terms of income structure, air engine and derivative operations are now generating income (113.26 billion yuan, +47.2 per cent); foreign trade export sub-contracting operations are generating income of 233 million yuan.
The main products of Southern companies are turbo-axis and pistons, etc., which are widely applied to helicopters of all types, with 2024h1 Southern companies operating income (US$ 2,114 million, 16.80%), total profits (US$ 43 million, 71.90%), and a significant decline in total profits.
Leyang’s main product is three generations of medium-powered aviation engines, and the Division has achieved operating income (1.380 billion yuan, + 3.01%), the size of the revenue collection has remained stable, the total profit (43 million yuan, +330.000%) and the total profit has tripled over the same period.
Motivated and derivative operations generated revenues (13.25 billion yuan, +2.54 per cent) and accounted for almost all of Leyang. Overall, the four main mainframes, with the exception of Southern companies, have maintained a steady increase in revenues, Southern companies have experienced a sharp decline in total profits, and Leyang companies have significantly increased their profitability.
The company’s business performance is short-lived, and Leyang’s subsequent profitability is expected to increase further.
Aerial engine technology is a manifestation of the status of the major powers and of the combined power of the state, a strategic high point in modern aviation technology, an essential element of modern defence, and an important support for economic and social development. At present, the aeronautics industry is in the midst of a new technological revolution, an industrial revolution, and a military revolution.
Weaving, fast-paced stages of development, the world's aviation powers have stepped up their deployment and advanced aerodynamic technology research, and have formed a pre-emptive advantage. To serve the world's aviation powers, the U.S. has completed its validation engine development, the UK has released its aviation zero-emission strategy, unmanned, digital, electrification, and the U.S.
New ideas, new technologies, new applications such as hydrogen energy, materials, composite materials are rapidly accumulating, companies are focusing on the military, civil aviation engines and gas turbines, speeding up their catch-up, increasing the level of production of aviation engines and gas turbines. In the case of military aviation engines, there is a shift towards self-adaptation.
With regard to civil aviation engines, according to the Chinese commercial flight market forecast (2022-2041), by 2041, the value of the domestic air-borne engine market will be $350.2 billion. The company serves as the engine core of our commercial aircraft.
Suppliers, as large domestic passenger aircraft and feeder passenger aircraft accelerate airworthiness evidence and achieve commercial success, will promote domestic civil aviation engines as the backbone of corporate industries. With gas turbines, the international environment and bipolar dynamics are changing, and the country’s strategic objective of “double carbon” increases demand for gas turbines.
The company, as the only company in the country that can develop the entire spectrum of vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, piston, etc., uses air motors, is the only platform in China for the overall listing of aeronautics under the banner of China.
The first three quarters of the 12024th quarter of the year, operating income remained stable, and the net return profit was affected by increased costs during the period, with a marked decline in the single quarter ring and the company ' s stock size.
The demand for the highest order in history or foreshadows the need for downstream orders, the company ' s future business performance is expected to be changed to a different business, with the three remaining mainframes growing steadily, except for short-term performance in the South, where Leyang ' s profitability has increased significantly.
The company’s performance is expected to increase further in the future, depending on the volume of production of the Motivated Model.3 The company, as a leading aviation engine company, is also the only company in the country that can develop a full spectrum of military aviation engines, such as vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, pistons, etc., and will be in depth.
The gold cycle, which benefits from the development of the domestic aviation engine industry, is expected to benefit in the long term, driven by the “double track” of the military and civil aviation markets. The Chinese securities industry team: a large military industry research team in the capital market, relying on the strong shareholders of the airline industry group, conducts military-industrial research, and uses military-industrial research to serve the military-industrial industry.
In the event of failure, it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. This report has been prepared by Sino-China Securities Company Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission).
The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced without prior written authorization from the Chinese security, or in any way transmitted or reproduced without prior authorization.