3q24 performance short-term pressure; receivables and deposits at their highest level in history; reduced investment returns, increased financial costs and higher sales costs, as a combined assessment: Taxes and higher costs affect 3q24 profits; overall profitability is stable. 1) Single-quarter perspective: public
\triangleright due to increased financial costs, higher taxes and higher sales costs, combined impact on net profit of $137 million.)
\triangleright \triangleright Cost increase of 0.6 to 8.2 per cent per annum) Cost increase of 0.3 to 1.7 per cent per annum;
1.2 per cent, mainly due to an increase in the size of interest-bearing liabilities and higher interest costs; loss of currency exchange earnings; and 4) R & D. Zhao Bo-hyun cost rates decreased by 0.2 to 1.3 per cent from year to year, as at the end of 3q24, companies: 1) accounts receivable and notes
Cash flows amounted to $17.276 billion, compared to $13.386 billion in the same period last year, which was the return rate and the impact of increased purchases. Benefited from the high profile of the industry; acted as a “chain length” driving industrial development.
The return on investment affects short-term profits; the first-class aviation engine company with higher revenue growth is the home country, where the company is the only one capable of developing vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, fast 2024/09/01
At the international level, companies are able to develop air engines autonomously. 2. Aerial dynamics (600893.sh) are reported in the first quarter of 2024.
This increase, from $28.6 billion to $43.7 billion and cagr = 15.2 per cent, will continue to be based on the core of technology, with companies playing their “chain length” pull-in role around the development of the new-productivity layout of the industrial chain, providing a high 3.
Quality, high-performance, low-energy aviation engines and gas turbine products. Investment proposal: The company is the leading company in the country that will cover the capacity of aviation engine production across the spectrum and will have sufficient air power (600893.sh) to report in the third quarter of 2023
Review: 79 per cent increase in q3 non-net interest compared to the same year; WALCOM delay: 77x/61x/49x. We take into account the company’s dominance in the shipping chain and the long-term landscape of the industry.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.