Elephthalm (300015.sz) Net Return to Mothers increased by 15% on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter of 2024, ophthalmologist heads showed business resilience to maintain high-quality development in a volatile environment, and net Return to Mothers increased by 33% on a year-on-year basis in 2023.
Medical biology/medical services zhangjiabo@guosen.com. cnzhangchao4@guosen.com.cn net profit of 178 million (+6.25%) from mothers.
Family ophthalmology centres and clinics form a worldwide network of health services. At a high base and industry as a whole (+0.3 pp), the Māori ratio for cataracts projects has increased by 2.6 percentage points, further reflecting the scale effect. 9.7% (same ratio) of sales costs, 13.1% (-1.1 pp) of management costs, and financial costs
The income from cataract projects has grown rapidly, and sight operations have remained high. The ratio of new techniques to meet individualized needs has increased further in 2023, and companies have been increasing their efforts to build basic hospitals, photo rooms. Cataract operations earn 3,327 million (+55.24 per cent), with a Māori rate of 37.97 per cent.
(+2.63 pp) The company has continued to grow in size and brand influence, medical technology and service capabilities, and some of the elderly patients who were delayed in the external environment have recovered from treatment last year.
(b) El ophthalmology (300015.sz) - mid-2023: 23h1 net profit from mother-to-child benefits. Hospitals are upgrading their near-visit prevention and control tools and products to promote rapid growth in light operations.
El ophthalmology (300015.sz) 2022 and Quarterly 2023: Both the immediate and the rear segments of the project achieved a faster growth in overall income than the first quarter of 2023, with a 20% increase in the first quarter of the year and a continuous improvement in the chain of medical networks.
El ophthalmology (300015.sz) - Acquisition of a portion of 14 hospitals, further advanced.
The company is a leading company in the field of ophthalmology services in the country.
The lock model has expanded rapidly, and the “inherited + outlier” has together supported performance growth. The net gain has grown steadily, the Innovative Device Inventory Series (1) - Eye Industry Chains: Innovation Drivers, Services Kings. The brand has continued to grow in influence and has developed a well-developed medical and research system and a talent development mechanism.
Ten years of “secondary entrepreneurship” have been steadily advanced, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. High-quality development has been maintained in a volatile environment, with a 33-per-cent increase in the net return to mothers in 2023.
Treatment services network. In the context of a high base and industry-wide pressure, corporate growth was sustained in the first quarter of 2024. Figure 2: El ophthalmology's single-season operating income and rate of increase (in billions of dollars, per cent) The Māori rate for cataracts projects increased by 2.6 percentage points, further reflecting the scale effect.
The increase in financial costs is mainly due to exchange rate figure 5: El ophthalmological Māori rate, changes in net interest rates, figure 6: Changes in four El ophthalmological rates
In 2023, net operating cash flows amounted to $5,872 million (+30.76 per cent), year-end book currency funds amounted to $6,099 million, companies had sufficient cash reserves for the expansion of hospitals and the need for market-based upgrading.
Income from cataract operations was 3,327 million (+55.24%), Māori was 37.97% (+263 pp), corporate operations continued to expand in size and brand influence, medical technology and service capacity increased, and some elderly patients who had been delayed in the external environment resumed medical care last year.
(+0.61 pp) The national near-sighted prevention and control strategy continues to be promoted, with a growing number of children and young people being slated and the branding influence of El Xin Xin Xin Xin Xing further increased; hospitals are upgrading their near-sighted control tools and products to promote rapid growth in visual Xin Xin Xing. In addition, both the immediate and the back-of-the-eye projects have achieved faster growth than overall income.
In 2023, the company was granted four new priority platforms, forming a platform for the integration of innovative medical teaching and research with Northeast University, Shanxi Medical University, Dalian Medical University, and Dalian Medical University.
A strategic cooperation agreement was signed. At the same time, the company increased the introduction and training of all types of talent, further improved its human talent systems and mechanisms, and a group of ophthalmologists joined the League of Nations, which further consolidated the provinces and hospitals, accelerated the introduction of innovative products and technologies, and kept medical technology in line with international leadership.
A new generation of transverse orthotic artificial crystals, tecnistoricii, a 33-centimetre-long, continuous visual artificial crystalry, tecnissynergy, full-sighted max, continuous multi-focus artificial crystals, non-difficult pre-wave replacing techniques.
A series of newly developed functional artificial crystallizations, such as VivityIol, are constantly promoting the development of distilled cataract surgery. New technology applications such as the implantation of icl under the flight sicl and 3d navigation microscopes are being promoted, light is being introduced, personalized flight second surgery techniques and icl fifth-generation (v5) crystals are being tracked, and near-visit surgery is moving towards more precision.
With a 5-p near-vision control model at its core, a combination of cornea mirrors, atropine drops, multiple contact lenses, cloud clips, and other near-sighted anti-control products is used to help young children and young people with close visual control. The cascade model is expanding rapidly, and “inner + outlier” supports performance growth.
The impact of the cards has continued to grow, and a well-developed system of medical research and human resource development has been developed, and the new decade of “second entrepreneurship” has steadily advanced, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.The authors have ensured that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author