The chaining system continues to deepen, and the company intends to acquire a portion of the shares of 52 medical institutions.
The company issued a public announcement that it intended to spend $1.34 billion on its own funds to acquire a share in 52 medical institutions such as Chongqing Eyelight, Zhou Bei-il, etc.
Merger and purchase restructuring to deepen the hierarchical chain system: the company has been involved since 2014 in the establishment of multi-purpose production funds, the stock of high-quality ophthalmological hospital projects, the expansion of the company's size in recent years through endogenous growth + extension, the expansion of the two-wheel drive model, and the national and stratification of the medical network
The company's planned acquisition of 52 ophthalmological institutions, with the exception of Chongqing Eyelight and the South Changhong City El project for local and county hospitals, will further improve the company's downside market layout and deepen the chain chain system throughout the country.
The value of the acquisition was discussed and the company ' s acquisition was valued at about 1.34 billion yuan, with the share ratio of the acquisition project \triangleright product mix
Static ps, pe, pb, 2x, 88x, 9x, respectively, while El ophthalmology listed companies now ps, pe, pb (based on yesterday's collection and financial data for 2023), respectively, 6x, 34x, and 6x. 52 public departments as a group valued the ps less than listed companies, but the pe and pb levels are higher than listed companies.
Institutional investors as a share of the circulationa Profit forecast: the company has steadily advanced the construction of regional ophthalmology centres in central cities and capital cities in priority provinces. By the end of 2023, there were 256 hospitals and 183 outpatients in the country, and abroad in the United States and Europe.
There are 131 ophthalmological centres and clinics in the continent, with a growing network of companies, hierarchical chains, advantages and scale effects that will continue to emerge, and we look forward to a steady increase in company performance in the future.
Table: Main financial data on acquisition subject matter and percentage of acquisitions, prices, etc. (in thousands of yuan)
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.