Summary of events: On 21 April, the company released its 2022 annual report, which achieved operating income during the reporting period. \triangleright, first quarter report, which achieved operating income during the reporting period of 3,732 million yuan, a decrease of 5.31 per cent over the same period.
The net profit of the shareholders of the municipal company was 803 million yuan, an increase of 8.25 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the shareholders of the listed company was 802 million yuan, an increase of 8.29 per cent in the same year.
\triangleright Dragons, Little Bays and thugs have lost 6.7 per cent, 12.3 per cent and 13.6 per cent, respectively, of the same amount of water coming from the water-deficit companies, with electricity performing pressure and electricity production of 15,298 million kilowatts per quarter, a decline of 12.4 per cent in the same proportion.
The electricity supply in the former Yunnan Province remained on a tight trend, with the provincial market trading price rising, q1 becoming marketed in the province, and the average trading price rising by 3.48 per kilowatt-hour to 0.3016 kilowatt-hours per kilowatt-hour, with a 13.1 per cent increase in the market.
The upturn in the price of electricity, which was strongly supported by the company’s electricity and water prices, increased by 1.57 cents a single quarter of the company’s electricity base, partially offsetting the performance pressure of the company’s behavior under electricity.
Depreciation due, debt optimized, significant reduction: with some power station generators, distribution equipment and water workers, companies continue to optimize their debt financing structures, including through early swap of stock debt with low interest rate funds.
The year 2022 performance forecast for \triangleright, the Great Chestnut Happiness Bridge, the plain rock, the new pine slopes of Dragons, and the light voltage power station in Riverside Papestine.
The semi-annual reporting point for 2022, with a total of 42.56 million kilowatts installed, the water light co-opts and benefits from the rapid downswing of the photovoltaic industrial chain costs, is assessed as: full price increases are matched with lower efficiency gains, and performance is renewed.
Corporate integration is expected to accelerate. Investment proposals: company upscaling of electricity offsets performance pressures from falling electricity; ongoing debt at the cost end \triangleright
4. Volatile utilities (600025.sh) event evaluation: optimized profit levels for water re-engineering; accelerated construction of water complementarities bases is expected.
0.40/0.42), with a 25-year projection value of 0.47 plus policy adjustments such as taxes, which correspond to the zero-point zero price fluctuations on 21 April.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.