Multiple product dynamics support medium- and long-term development, post-epidemic elasticity.
At the same time, the company’s cost-side performance continued to be excellent, with a further increase to 94.85% (+1.15 pct) of the high end of the new product, with the cost rising to 94.85% (+1.15 pct).
The company’s products are connected to each other, and the two logics of monolithic and high-endization continue to be fulfilled: 1) the single high-high-high-scrambler system, where the main forces of growth switch to panda needles and two water-light products. Panda needles are primarily aimed at the eye-week market, the main filling organization, the wrinkled-up and water-repairing efficiency, and they are both cognitive, scarce and high-intensity.
High ceilings, high ceilings, high ceilings, and panda needles are now successfully attached to the neck, needles and accelerated channel penetration: while water light needle compliance continues to be expected to increase speed, bubble needles, hi, body 2.5 or will benefit from water light needle standardization, and new water light products have been advanced to clinical trial stages.
2) With regard to the high-end category, in 2022, the company ran a full chain of high-end products from positioning development, channel development, training of doctors, market education, etc., to promote a robust pace. As one of the three currently registered regeneratives in the country, the bonus period is bright during the day.
In the context of the growing systematization of corporate high-end product lines in a context of high institutional profitability, rapid growth in end safety and high value for money attributes, the older Punida has opened the second growth curve and the product life cycle has been effectively extended.
In-house research and development, the matrix of company back-up products increases and expands, and Emeritus (300896.sz) reports a three-quarter review:
A type of botulinum toxin, modified transparent sodium acid gel with polyethylene gel microballs for medical use is expected to continue at a high rate in the quarter, with the Director of the extended research and development team registered on the market in 2023-2024, and a further 7 stocks with npaii certificates.
Piccilon, who works mainly on the extraction and application of pig skin (or thorium) platinum protein products, has two main plants under the flag: "A high-performance continuity, and a good look at the dragon head of the medicator."
Protein series brands with existing product matrices covering ii-type medical instruments, pneumatic sponges, ii-class medicine, constant 2022.05.18 Pharmacists, porcelain-based proteins, antifrozen dry powder and spray spray and i-type medical devices cooling
Now, 2021.08.25. The animal source plyon protein market is both high-growth and high-mori, and this acquisition helps Emmy.
We believe that corporate channels, R & D, and market advantages will allow the industrialization of the glyph proteins, which are expected to become an americian coating and injection needles.
Challenge. Corporate bulletin No. 1 of 2023, Restricted Stock Incentives, 62% of corporate-level performance for 135 middle-level managers and core technical/business personnel, covering 19% of the total 713 members of the Division, is expected to stimulate team motivation and enhance overall business effectiveness at a deeper level.
Corporate medicine’s prominent position in the head of the United States needle agent is expected to benefit from industry compliance priorities and maintain a “recommended” rating for sustained performance. The recovery in consumption has fallen short of expectations; adverse changes in industrial policy; and research and development, registration and marketing of new products.
In 2022, the company achieved operating income of $1.939 billion, an increase of 33.91 per cent, and a net return of $1,264 million, an increase of 31.90 per cent.
The same-year growth was achieved, with business income from solution injection products, represented by Hives, amounting to $1,293 million, an increase of 23.57 per cent over the same period, sustained high cost end performance of gel injection products, represented by daytime, and a further increase in the Māori ratio of high-end new products.
The Māori rate for the Division is 94.85%, with a further increase of 1.15 pct over the same year, mainly as a result of the rapid day penetration of high-end new products. Roe, Roa have continued to grow year after year, with Roe/roa reaching in 2022.
In 2022, it became clear that the company’s costs were affected by the epidemic, and sales costs were tightened at the right time, with better overall control. The outbreak’s disturbance + R & D layout investment increased the overall cost rate, the company’s willingness to consume weakened during the 2022 period, and the negative impact of the epidemic on consumption was reasonably addressed in the first quarter of 2022.
In terms of cost management, the first three quarters of the 2022 expenditure on management costs were relatively stable, and factors such as the listing of shares in Port 2022q4 and the cost of services significantly increased the rate of management costs. At the same time, the number of R&D teams expanded to 181 in 2022 (a net increase of 64) and the cost of labour and services.
2. Big monolith + high-end logic is being realized, growth dynamics are changing coherently, large monolithic internal product relays are increasing, high brand values are increasing continuously, and the system growth main power switch is going well, panda needles and winter live bubble needles are being released in 2022.
The business income of solution injections, represented by hives, increased by 23.57% to $1,293 million on a year-on-year basis, of which a combination of research and research shows that the growth of the neck pin has slowed, panda needles have been successfully connected to panda needles, and panda needles have been targeted at the eye section, opening up greater market space. Panda needles are mainly aimed at eye weeks.
Markets, mainly filling tissues, wrinkling and water recharge efficiency, combined with high cognitive, scarcity and high value for money (1) are limited in the breakdown of the blue-sea market in the eye, and products create a scarce advantage: eye-week filling; high performance requirements in the treatment of medicine for needle safety, ingestion of water swelling and maintenance time, etc.
The current market is still a fast-growing and scarce blue sea period. 2) Product labels and brand awareness: Hi brands have accumulated a much broader customer base and market awareness on a large single product of neck pins, and Panda Product Positioning Focus, a weaker and softer segment, market extension process.
Medium product labels continue to be reinforced. 3) The product is dominated by panda proteins and panda needles, which have a low threshold advantage: Panda needle end price thresholds are significantly lower than panda pins, which are 6000 to 4000 yuan per ml end price reference zones.
High ceilings, panda needles, high ceilings, and the corresponding subdivisions are now well under way and fast-tracked, creating a second-growth curve in the system’s top-up. At the same time, water light needle compliance is expected to increase at a sustained rate, bubble needles, high-speed 2.5 or will benefit from it.
Water light needles are regulated, and new products of water light are advanced to the clinical trial stage. Water light needle end market rules are huge, water goods are faked and less compliant products: according to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, according to the news, the market for water needles in 2020 was characterized by a high proportion of water and water needles.
Sixty-seven per cent, or less than one-third of the total, are in compliance. The current medical equipment classification policy has incorporated water light needles into the three categories of weapons, and further regulatory and enforcement efforts are expected to be strengthened in the medium to long term: 1) November 2021.
(b) Since April 2022, the Catalogue of Medical Devices has been officially updated, with transparent injections. Sodium sodium sulfate solutions are used for injection into the cortex, mainly through wetting of materials such as sodium transparent acid.
In view of the serious violations committed by several exhibitors at the exhibition site who had filed a cosmetic needle for their face, we believe that water light needle compliance has led to a steady advance in market education and regulatory enforcement.
. The compliance product has a large alternative space as strict regulation continues to move forward. Figure 13. Hi, look at 2.5 products. Chart 14.
During the day, the bonus period is spread, the high-end type is systematized, and the older second-growth curve is opened, and during the day, the regenerative is used as a regenerative to boost the market dividend, and the sales show is bright. The regenerative is used as an agent.
For almost two years, the high-value new product group has been effective in opening up profit space at the institutional level, adding up the high-yielding population in the context of the epidemic, with relatively small exposures and strong demand for regeneratives from the current two years on the market. As one of the three iii categories of registered regenerative needles in the current country, the daytime period has brightened the dividends in the area of disaggregation.
In 2022, the company, relying on its large corporate profit-making space, high end safety, high value for money, and rapid rise in the market dividend of a regenerative during the day, ran the entire chain of high-end products from positioning development, channel development, training of doctors, market education, etc., to keep the pace going:
1. Cooperation agencies and doctors: by the end of 2022, the number of co-operative medical beauty services was over 600 during the day, the number of authorized doctors was over 700: 2) the initial threshold for cooperation was relatively high, starting with the head of the institution, which was infiltration downwards: during the day, according to the results of the research, it was mainly carried out from high-quality institutions above the middle waist.
(c) Strong end price controls: product end pricing, $12,800 and generally less discounted, stable end prices, which are a reference to institutional profit space and benign competition.
The company's previous marketing of its products was concentrated on price parity for the crowd, and the high-end line was only a Bonida item and its listing was limited over the years. The test water made available during the day contributed to the optimization and systemization of the company's high-end wiring methods.
3. Inner + outreach combines with forward-looking product positioning capabilities, which are expected to build multiple growth curves.
The company now has a strong matrix of medical and aesthetic products that fully demonstrate excellence in research and development and excellence in product positioning. To date, Emmett has seven Nmpaiii-type medical equipment registrations.
In terms of the number of products, companies have the largest number of registered ii-type products in China for medical purposes; in terms of product status, most of the certified products are of the same kind of origin, and the fine positioning of the products demonstrates strong corporate competitiveness.
At present, nine of the company’s research products contain not only vertically thickening of existing skin fillings and a matrix of surface-placing line products, but also horizontally widening of botox and re-tracking. Medically modulated transparent sodium acid gels containing polyethylene gel are expected to be submitted in 2023.
The skin fills the product blanks; a type of botulinum toxin is in the follow-up phase of the iii clinical trial, with applications for new medicines expected to be submitted in 2023 and marketed in 2024; in addition, a stock of 7 items with nmpaiii certificates has the greater potential to produce new sub-types in response to changing market demands.
In the context of the regulatory, long-registry cycle, the pre-emptive advantages and technical barriers of upstream pharmacists have become stronger, enabling companies to open up and sustain the same kind of product: the full product layout is also expected to create multiple growth curves for companies, leading to a consistent shift in growth dynamics.
Methyl cellulose gel and medical modifier transparent sodium acid gels containing polyvinyl gels have not published a specific clinical trial phase, the exclusive agent is nearing the end of the clinical phase of the hutox botox toxin in Korea, and we're looking forward to it, and it's good to see this product in the light of the industry’s dividends and the company’s ability to operate and channel its products.
On the demand side, the growth and penetration rates of the Chinese market for botox have been increasing. The effects of botulinum are evident in dynamic wrinkled, thin-faced and thin-legged, eyebrow-up horns, and there is a higher rate of repurchase, which can be applied flexibly in the face with projects such as water light, urinary acid, etc., and is an institution.
According to frost&sullivan, the market for Chinese medical American botulinum toxin products in 2023 will be $7.6 billion, maintaining a 25% high ratio, while, according to Irene, the penetration of botox products in the injecting medicine American consumer market is still rising rapidly, with its 2021 counterpart.
The market rate is 52.9%, and 20.2 pct more than in 2019. At the supply end, the share of mature products can be very significant. Because of the fact that internal toxins are approved in China on the basis of the drug, which has a long market cycle and is highly scrutinized, our medical and American markets have long been complying with the United States import of only "precaution" of botulinum toxins.
The botox, the “balance” of national production, achieved a better supply of high- and low-end demand. It was not until the second half of 2020 that the two products of the United Kingdom “Gixen/Lishouttodysport” and the Korean “Lateybo” were approved that the market would gradually see the “two small” four compliance products.
At the same time, in the context of the rapid expansion of the market for medical injection therapy, domestic manufacturers have gradually stepped up their research and development of botulinum toxins, which are growing in the range of products, and are now mainly studying seven kinds of botulinum toxin products.
Competition in the field of botox medicine will increase significantly during this period, new products will be marketed or significantly squeezed at the company level, and past product orientation schemes by American-Americans have shown a very forward-looking approach, and the listing of hutox botox in research products is to be expected. The main market share of the current botox market is currently in the market.
Two products that have been on the market for more than 20 years: 1) Precaution was first certified by the U.S. fda to occupy a major share of the market for high-end botulinum toxins based on the high safety, high purity and high accuracy of products that are dry in a vacuum; 2) National production checks and balances use Fae protein gluten as a enabler and immune risks are higher.
High, but highly popular in low-end markets because of their outstanding value for money; 3) Good, Lattice was approved in the second half of 2020, with less than three years on the market and a smaller share of the market. According to the Korean hutox product, the company will be working on the production of botox products, and the dispersiveness will be in place.
Between the same and the same, foreign end prices are currently $90/100u. In terms of hutox oranges and poisons, it is more likely that the dominant market will be high-end, or that it will rely on the firm’s strong ability to position its products, re-emerging in a positive competition with Quiché, United Kingdom, and Lattig, South Korea.
In 2022, the company acquired a controlled Picchilon to explore the amount of the new protein material. According to the company, Ae-American acquired it in RMB 350 million through the controlled China-American Technology Company in Beijing.
The company is mainly involved in the extraction and application of porcelain (or vitro) protein products, under the flag of two major brands, namely, Pyreon and Pyreon. The main products include ii-type medical instruments, plywood sponges, and ii-type medical instruments, pigs.
Plasmodium hemorrhage dressings, frozen dry powders and sprays, and cold coatings for medical devices of the first type. In combination with the existing product matrix and the pro-American advantage of its own research and development, the primary direction of energy in the field of platinum proteins is the development of platinum dressings and injections or the development of injections for companies.
Figure 19. Application of the product of the latent protein. Figure 20. The current phase of the latent protein product matrix in Pecchilon, which compares with the mainstream components of other medically administered needles (polymic acids, plant active ingredients).
Protein is more complex, and filling is more natural. Plyon proteins are used for skin restoration and palate, while pro-water properties are weaker than urinary acids, so injections are less prone to swelling. Their compounding effects and natural effects open up the end-of-the-art new vent.
The acquisition of Picchillory's favorites quickly acquires the relevant registered products and technologies. Co-ordinated channels and research are used to industrialize the dominant congener proteins. The end-point recognition is high, but production supply is limited by higher costs, high technical barriers and strict regulation.
Technical maturity, industry chain integrity, and competition in the end market, and the early stages of growth of the glyph protein as a medical and aesthetic needle are still in the blue sea market: 1) Animal source protein raw materials are subject to stringent controls, long production cycles, and there are excruciating winds.
In danger, regulation is gradually tightening the standards for the classification of medical devices for the products in question: for example, the animal source protein dressing has been formally incorporated into the iii medical devices since October 2022.
Rapid entry into the gel protein track, rapid harvesting of iii and ii rubber-protein-registered products in the context of increased scrutiny, and the development of commercialization of the products and the depth of technology based on existing gel protein materials in Tope Chiron.
2) Reassembly of gel protein production is a major impediment to the breakthrough in genetic technology. With the exception of recombinant gel proteins, most of the market-based recombined gel protein monopole structures have not yet been validated.
The animal source plywood market, combined with high growth and Maori, is expected to become high-speed and long-term. According to frast&solivan data, 2023 was used for effective skin protection/medical dressing.
The market size of the end-of-use/injection agent retail market, or $3.046/50 billion, was eventually maintained at a rate of approximately 85 per cent or more, respectively; (b) in the case of paraffins, in the case of paraffins, in the case of 2020h1 it had a rate of 87.22 per cent of the aerobic coatings from the kinetic sources, which is rising year by year; and (c) in the case of injections,
Figure 22. Breakdown of the market size of the animal-sourced plyon proteins by market size (Chap. X 23. Level of Mäori rate of plyon protein products (%)
Pure animal source protein injection applications are becoming more sophisticated, and composite injections are expected to open up to additional amounts in the common skin filling field.
Source gel protein. The sensitivity of animal gel protein is also effectively addressed, as is the case with the zdt endpoint technology of two American organisms, which completely removes the a sensitizer. Under technological innovations, product safety and performance are constantly improving, animal pulmonary proteins are competing, and substitute urinate fillings are complex.
Material-type injections or new ideas for companies to develop the layouts, such as Embev’s innovative combination of bone materials, pmma microglobs, and bottling proteins, have achieved the world’s only subcutaneous restoration function and longer maintenance time, with prices higher than price bands for the same products.
The combination of pelican proteins and other complex regeneratives (Pula+ puraic acid) is expected to reinforce the company's market position for skin fillers by co-existing between Picchilon and Emerica research and development technologies.
4. Equity incentives to bind core cadres, produce integration to fill the pool of talent Equity incentives depth to bind core cadres, performance targets are expected to be, and forward targets to be, challenging, and are expected to enhance the efficiency of the company’s operations in depth.
Incentive plan, 141 incentive recipients (Directors, middle and senior managers and core technicians) will be awarded limited shares of no more than 41.73 million shares, or about 0.19 per cent of the total equity, with a planned award of prices, and all incentive recipients will not be allowed to return restricted shares that were part of the plan for the year.
(ii) At the individual level, after performance appraisals at the corporate level have been met, the results of the individual appraisals have to be a or a+ to obtain the restricted number of shares to which the plan is fully attributable, a level below which is part or all of the current year
62% of the total amount awarded as equity incentives was allocated to 135 middle-level managers and core technical/business people, at a price close to the current price of the shares being discounted. Under the Corporate Equity Incentive Scheme, the company is to be awarded for the first time.
In addition to the first award, the company has set aside 20% of the total amount of interest to be awarded for the incentive scheme, which was not determined at the time of its approval by the Shareholder Assembly but was included in the incentive scheme for the duration of the scheme (12 months after the incentive scheme was considered by the Shareholder Assembly).
At the same time, in response to business development needs, the corporate workforce has expanded rapidly, and productive integration has increased the potential of the workforce. In terms of talent recruitment, the total number of American-American workers in 2022 was 713, 41% more than in 2022.
In terms of training, the company promotes a combination of production and production, the largest way to do so is through online and off-line training, in-house knowledge resource sharing, and cultural workshops.
• A pilot project for the induction of American-Americans students in the University of New York.
• The distance-to-reach high-level talent programme, which covers more than 80 persons (including the above-mentioned school enrolment programme) • for all staff: a learning platform online, with 65 per cent coverage • for new staff: a combination of on-line and off-line training, which covered 340 persons in 2022
25 corporate level training sharing 135 departmental level training sharing corporate culture building
5. Direct marketing strategy highlights the deep penetration of inland channels, the higher level and marginality of direct sales compared to the high level, and the firm’s strong control.
The marketing model of “direct sales are the main, distribution is supported” with direct sales/distribution sales amounting to $1.249.690 billion in 2022, of which direct sales account for 64 per cent and an increase of 3 pct. The direct sales model helps companies to become deeply involved in customer relationship management and effectively improve the quality and agility of customer services.
By 2022, the company had covered about 5,000 health-care beauty services in 31 provinces, municipalities, and autonomous regions. Subregionally, the steady growth of the coastal stock market was driven by competitive branding of products.
In 2022, with the exception of the north-east, sales in other parts of the country increased by more than 30% on a year-on-year basis, with sales in the south-west/north-west increasing by 67/52% on a year-on-year basis.
(b) The rapid growth of sales in the south-west and north-west, or the further downgrading and development of the channels.
Based on the experience of efficient and stable channel-building, companies may be able to penetrate local medical beauty institutions quickly and unleash the performance potential of cities in the interior. We believe that the medical industry will continue to experience a high level of penetration in the long run, in the short run.
The company’s basic quality, as a light doctor’s beauty, will fully benefit from the industry’s growth dividend. From the stock of products, the company’s product ladders are well connected, and the logic of monolithic and high-endization holds.
(a) The big monolithic system column, where the main force of growth has been successfully switched to panda needles and two water-light products. Panda needles are mainly aimed at the eye-week market, with a combination of high awareness, scarcity, and high value for money.
The needles have been successfully attached to the neck pin and accelerated channel penetration; at the same time, water light needle compliance continues to be expected to increase, bubble needles and high body 2.5 are expected to benefit significantly from water light needle regularization. (2) High-end class surfaces, the company ran high-end product development from location development, channel development, doctor training, the city in 2022.
A full-chain of education, and so on, drives the rhythm. As one of the only three registered regenerative needles in the country today, the bonus period is bright during the day, depending on its high profit margin, high end safety, and fast-paced properties. At the same time, companies are increasingly playing high-end product lines.
In the context of systemicization, old Ponida has opened the second growth curve, effectively prolonging the product’s life cycle. At this stage, the logic of submersion in health and America’s consumption continues to materialize, and corporate medicine’s position on the head of the United States needles stands out, and is expected to benefit from industry compliance as a priority.
Annual operating income of $29,87/40.39/5078 million was raised on a year-on-year basis, with high-quality and sufficient back-up product ladders, and we looked forward to continuing performance, maintaining a “recommended” recovery in consumption; adverse changes in industrial policy; and progress in research and development, registration and listing of new products