Performance increased significantly in the first half of the year, with equity incentives highlighting confidence in growth Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) on the night of August 15, China Chemical released its semi-annual report for 2022, which achieved operating income of 747.98
• Significant growth in performance in the first half of the year, with several projects moving forward successfully, the Baltic Sea project is moving forward, leading to a significant increase in performance. In the first half of 2022, real corporate prices were compared to the trend of 300 deep.
44.16 per cent. In a single quarter, 2022q2 realized business income of 39.507 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase, mainly due to the successful advancement of Baltic Sea projects in chemical engineering operations and the steady progress of various projects in infrastructure operations, coupled with sound cost control by companies and multiple causes during the first half of 2022.
• Restricted stock incentives are on the ground to boost the engine of corporate growth, restrictive stock incentives are motivated by staff motivation and confidence in development.
The equity incentive scheme proposes to award a limited stock of up to 6.1.9 million shares, or about 1 per cent of the total equity of the company, to an incentive total of no more than 500 directors, senior managers, middle managers and core cadres, and a restricted stock in three batches and batches.
The limited sales period is 24 months, 36 months, and 48 months, respectively, from the date the registration is granted. The company ' s restricted stock incentive scheme has helped it to develop its own medium- and long-term incentive mechanisms, bringing the interests of the core managers closer together with the long-term development of the enterprise in order to share risks and benefits.
Benefit-sharing, fully mobilizing their motivation and creativity, raising the momentum for growth within the company, enhancing its own cohesion and market competitiveness, advancing its sustainable and high-quality development, achieving high growth in the value of its new contract, and making it unicorned.
3. Transition to high-value-added materials, many projects that adhere to an integrated “Technology 10” development strategy and accelerate industrial transformation
The Department has a strong technological power to master and possess a series of proprietary process and proprietary engineering technologies through autonomous R & D and production research.
At the same time, with its research and development capabilities, the company is focusing on its own antiamide, self-dichloride, aerogel, and environmentally degradable plastics.
The HAP project has been upgraded to 330,000 tonnes/year through technological conversion to create the world's single-line maximum capacity: the TAFD project is fully operational and the product meets the standard of excellence: silicon-based gel technology developed in collaboration with China, which was successfully implemented in February 2022
Output of the first eligible silicone nanogrete composite insulation product, currently normal for the project, with a product qualification rate of more than 99 per cent; degradationable plastic pbat project year under the company subsidiary Chemical Industries Design Institute III Ltd., which is part of the company Chemical Sky New Materials Ltd.
In addition, projects such as company poe, mch, environmental catalysts, nylon 12, pbat catalysts, used wheels, feticide fission, etc. are well under way. In the broader context of the “double carbon” goal, new silicon-based materials,
The market demand for degradable materials and new energy sources will grow rapidly, and companies will insist on an integrated “technology-plus” development strategy that will accelerate the process of national substitution of our high-end new materials, while the other will pre-empt the market and will hopefully benefit from future concentration.
(1) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products: (2) safe production risks: (3) environmental protection risks;
(4) The project is not as fast as expected: (5) equity incentives are less than expected, and this report is presented independently and objectively using information on legal compliance, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.