Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
• Continued growth in the second quarter of the year, with a significant increase in the value of new contracts outside the country The oil and chemical industry continued its high profile during the first half of 2022, maintaining a high rate of growth during the second quarter
With $143,780 million, an increase of 16.65 per cent, an increase of $18,670 million in offshore contracts, and an increase in “Technology Ten Industries”, the country's “cricket” technology has been expanded, the transition has accelerated, the company's many projects have been successfully launched, and the transformation of the new materials track has accelerated.
The value of the new contract has increased significantly, and the Xinjiang project has developed capacity, focusing on “carat sub-technology” such as antiamide, adiazine, aerogel and environmentally degradable plastics, expanding the area of high-value-added products in the new materials industry and accelerating the process of industrial transformation.
A significant increase in the value of new contracts, new material items Intra-Alamine project upgrades to 330,000 tonnes/year by technology to create the world's single-line maximum capacity; Autonomous development of the birthadiene aldrin technology, 2022q1 day Quishon Niron new materials project (phase 1)
3. The transition to high-value-added materials, with multiple projects, has been accompanied by acrylic co-production devices and a once-in-a-lifetime success with a product quality of excellence and success in breaking through the technical blockades of companies like the United States of America, such as Inveda; and the co-development of silicon-based gas.
In February 2022, the gel technology, the Chinese new material aerogel project successfully produced the first eligible silicon-based nano-gel composite insulation product, and the company expects that the major new business project in 2022 will be fully built to drive and move to normal production operations; the company subsidiary Chemical Industries Design Institute III will be limited.
The company's company, Chemical Sky New Materials Ltd., has built a degradable plastic pbat project. One phase of a 100,000-ton pbat-a-year project has been successfully mechanically completed and is now in the driving and experimental production stages.
Market demand in the field will grow rapidly and companies will struggle to accelerate the process of substitution of the country's high-end new materials, while at the same time it will allow companies to take advantage of the market and be expected to concentrate on leading industrial engineering enterprises in the country in the future, with high R & D being built into the company's most generous river.
The company has a strong technological base and a strong capacity for innovation in research and development. The company has a strong technological power and comprehensive business credentials, has built most of the country's petrochemical bases, and has a large number of overseas engineering projects, and has an irreplaceable advantage in the field of industrial engineering.
The top engineering and design contractors in China, China, the Five Rings, Cheng Da and East China, including China, China, China, China, China, China and China, can provide “one-stop” engineering services to their clients; at the same time, the company has accumulated considerable experience not only in traditional major chemical industries, but also in natural alkalis, phosphorus, etc.
A breakthrough in autonomous R & D, where companies can, on the one hand, promote the industrialization of a large number of new materials, such as poe, pom, asa, to further improve the new material layout, in carbon neutrals, carbon sequestration technologies and green phosphorous chemicals.
In the meantime, companies have always focused on R & D inputs, with high R & D costs and a R & D rate of 18.45%, and through autonomous R & D and production co-ordination, have mastered and owned a series of proprietary process technologies in the core plate.
In addition, the company has a system of platforms for research and development under the umbrella of the “1 master + multi-chamber +n platform”, which has led to the establishment of the Japanese branch, the Beijing Hoyama Experimental Base, and the Japanese Tsumbo Laboratory, which together have thousands of authorized patents and hundreds of proprietary technologies. The technological barriers created by the company's high R & D input have been built.
In the future, companies are expected to become more technologically industrialized, with their own most generous protectors, as a result of (1) the risks associated with fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and major products: (2) the risks of safe production:
(3) Environmental protection risks; (4) project implementation is not as fast as expected: (5) equity incentives are less than expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.