Incentives have been approved by the State Finance Committee.
• The company ' s business performance has continued to improve, with a significant increase in the number of new contracts signed abroad, in terms of type of operations: 2,114 contracts for construction works, with a cumulative value of $15,425 million; 1,348 advisory services for surveying design supervisors, with a cumulative value of $3,479 million; and industry and industry
New materials sales/modern services services/other operations have accumulated new contracts amounting to 45.81/29.03/14.46 billion each.
Greater performance, coupled with the country ' s successive guidelines and policies to strengthen capital development, constantly unleashing the internal demand for infrastructure business growth, amounts to $19.15 billion, an increase of 100.11 per cent, compared with the previous year, and a significant increase in offshore contracts.
This has been achieved through the integration of corporate operations abroad, the ongoing consolidation of the “one-wing” strategy, the optimization of offshore institutions, and a comprehensive overhaul of their production and operation. On the other hand, effective control of overseas epidemics has led to more foreign orders.
1. High growth in the value of new contracts, a significant increase in the value of new contracts, a significant increase in the value of new contracts, new material items, a shift to higher value-added materials, multiple projects
• The Restricted Stock Incentives scheme, which was approved by the National Accounting Commission, is expected to boost management motivation. The Restrictive Stock Incentives Scheme is now approved by the National Accounting Commission.
1 per cent of total corporate equity, with a total incentive of up to 500 directors, senior managers, middle managers and core cadres, restricted shares will be sold in three batches, each for 24 months, 36 months and 48 months from the date the registration was granted.
The approval of restrictive stock incentive schemes has helped companies to speed up the development of their own medium- and long-term incentive regimes, bringing the interests of core managers closer to the long-term development of the enterprise, sharing risks, sharing benefits, fully mobilizing their motivation and creativity, and raising the momentum for growth within the company.
(i) The risks associated with fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and major products:
(ii) Risks to safe production: (3) Environmental protection risks: (4) The project is not proceeding as fast as expected:
(5) Equity incentives are less than expected. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. Data and information used in the present report are made available from the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.