Three heavy jobs (600031) reported a significant increase in performance and a steady increase in profitability - three heavy jobs (600031) reported in the first quarter of 2021
On 29 April, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2021, which generated a revenue of $33.513 billion in one quarter, an increase of 92.12 per cent in the same year and a net profit from the mother of $5.538 billion, an increase of 146.16 per cent in the same year.
The total number of excavators sold was 127,000, an increase of 84 per cent in the same year, the number of cranes sold was 19085, the rate of start-up was higher in the same year, the demand for downstream construction continued to grow, and production data from upstream spare parts manufacturers were tracked.
At the firm level, with strong product power and excellent service, the market share continues to rise, and the strong are growing. There is a steady increase in profitability, and investment in digital transformation research and development is increasing.
q1 achieved a Māori rate of 29.83 per cent, an increase of 1.66 pcts over the same period, a slight increase; period cost rate of 11.75 per cent, a decrease of 1.68 pcts over the same period, with an improvement in the financial cost rate of -0.44 per cent and an increase in the current period ' s exchange rate yield resulting in a decrease of 2.25 pcts over the same period; combined, net interest rate
By the end of March, 54.89 of the construction works were under way. The first quarter of 2021, when the National Dollar Securities Corporation evaluated the value of the work (60,031), was one billion yuan, mainly because the company had increased its digital transformation, with a corresponding increase in intellectual investment.
Performance forecast assessment: Performance growth in line with expectations, internationalization poles, top-down + digital transformation of R & D, continued strengthening of core competitive advantages of companies
R & D innovation is the core competitiveness of Trinity, which invests about 5 per cent of sales revenue in R & D every year, which greatly enhances the competitiveness of companies ' products, costing 1,423 million yuan in R & D for the first quarter of 2021.
In addition, companies are actively promoting digitalization and intellectual evaluation: strong performance growth, winning the international flagship 2021.03.31 can transform, and it is expected that improvements in the lighthouse plant will be productive and public in 2021.
The biggest future of the Department will be to effectively ensure that companies become firms with an absolute competitive advantage in their products.
With the company’s digitalization and internationalization, the public administration managed to raise $12 billion in 2021, and its profitability is expected to increase. Given the continuing high profile of the engineering and machinery industry, and the company’s increasing competitiveness, we anticipate that it will be able to make a difference.
Capital capital investments are not as high as expected: market competition is increasing: the global epidemic is repeatedly over-expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.