On 31 March, the company published its annual report for 2020, in which it achieved an operating income of RMB 10054 million, an increase of 32.2 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of RMB 15.43 billion, an increase of 37.7 per cent over the same period.
The total stock on the day of registration distributes profits on the base, finding a gold dividend of $6.00 per 10 shares for all shareholders (including the release of engineering machinery products to facilitate rapid growth in corporate revenue \triangleright)
37,528 million yuan, an increase of 35.85 per cent in the same year, and an annual production of over 90,000 excavators, the largest in the world; concrete machinery, which now earns 27,052 million yuan in sales, a 16.6 per cent increase in sales compared to the first global brand; and heavy machinery, which earns 194.9 million yuan in sales, an increase of 38.84 per cent in the market share of the core vehicle cranes: the cranes.
The proceeds from arms sales were $6,825 million, representing a 41.9% increase in the same year, while the revenues from road machinery sales were 2,804 million yuan, a 30,59% increase in the same year, and the share of the market in the amplifiers was the highest in the country. The company’s many series of products were sold domestically, and to the world’s first, the power of engineering machinery was evident.
Business capacity continues to improve, and the financial situation continues to optimize the impact of \triangleright entry costs, without changing the trend towards a sustained upturn in net interest rates.
Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $13,363 million, an increase of 12.45 per cent over the previous year, reaching an all-time high: inventory turnover days increased by 1.03 pct (average) from declining utilization rates to 30.56 per cent net asset returns, positive digitalization and intelligent transformation, and firm competitive advantages are expected to intensify further
During the reporting period, the company actively promoted the digitalization and intellectual transformation of the company, on the one hand, by promoting the construction of a “lighthouse plant” and by making extensive use of cutting-edge industrial and digital technologies such as visual recognition, process simulation, heavy-load robotics, on the other hand, by significantly increasing the synergy and productivity of human aircraft and significantly reducing the cost of manufacturing. On the other hand, the company spared no effort to promote the “flow”
Four-way, promoting industrial software applications such as manufacturing, supply chain, procurement, R & D, marketing, interconnectivity of business software, and networking of business. As firms move in the direction of digitalization and intelligence, firms are expected to have a stronger competitive advantage in manufacturing costs and productivity.
The construction industry has achieved remarkable internationalization, and the share of overseas markets has increased markedly.
In the case of excavators, the company’s overseas market sales outpaced the industry, and its share of the product market rose significantly. In some countries, for example, the company’s overseas market sales outpaced 10,000, increasing by more than 30 per cent. Among these, the share of the main markets, such as North America, Europe, India, increased significantly, and the South-East Asian market made a collective breakthrough.
The market share has risen to the top. Together with firms’ access to channels, service capabilities, and agent services and accessories systems, the mid-2020 review of the industry landscape continues to improve, and we expect that corporate income abroad will continue to grow at a rapid pace in the future.
Keep going, the market share rises.
Power is expected to increase further, and peg <1, valuations match better with performance, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Master ' s degree in statistics, in 2020, in civil securities, and in 2020, in the construction industry, research assistant in the mechanical industry, covering, inter alia, general equipment, photovoltaic equipment, oil-coat equipment, master ' s degree from the Central University of Finance and Economics, entry into the civil service in 2020
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.