2021q1 continues to benefit from high growth in the beneficiary sector and overseas markets are expected to enter the harvest period Events: company announcement for the year 2021 Quarterly report advance announcement, 2021q1 achieving a profit of 5.2 billion, 2020q1 with a lower base of exposure to the epidemic, while this year the engineering and machinery industry has maintained a high profile, and the company has maintained a high profile.
According to the Association, the number of excavators sold between January and March 2021 reached 12,699, an increase of 85.2 per cent over the same period, with other types of car cranes, pumpers, blenders, etc. increasing significantly faster than excavators, while companies, as industry leaders, benefited significantly from the industry.
Increasing R & D investment on a continuous basis to improve the competitiveness of corporate products: more than 90,000 sales in the market area of the company ' s core products, ranked first in the world; concrete machinery revenue of $27.52 billion, year-on-year growth, total equity/flow (million shares)
On this basis, the company continues to increase its R & D investment, at 6.3%, and some of the representative products into R & D include mega-diggers, smart excavators, five bridge pumps, three and a half-heavy jobs (600031).
Cars, etc., continue to improve the competitiveness of companies’ products, and market ownership is expected to increase. R & D and digitalization have been transformed, firms have been upgraded, companies have become more competitive, and overseas markets are expected to enter the harvest period: corporate ownership
COMPETITIVENESS - 2021/04/01 Continuing digitalization and intelligent transformation, including by promoting the construction of lighthouse plants, processes, 3 1-heavy workers (600031)
Four-fold, industrial software applications, data management and applications, and electrical intelligence of products, through sustained growth in gas performance, full competitiveness of firms, digital transformation of firms, reduction of product costs, improvement of product quality and overall upgrading of firms in the domestic market
Upgrade - 2021/03/31 and even competitiveness in global markets. International markets are the future long-term growth point for companies, determined by three-time jobs (600031).
Promotion of internationalization, affected by the new crown epidemic in 2020, with income from international sales of $14,104 million, increased synergies in leasing, less competitive companies than in 2019, but better than industry, higher rates of municipal ownership and the realization of excavators
Reverse growth, with strong performances in such markets as Indonesia, Thailand, and the Philippines. We judge that, as the overseas epidemic is brought under control, demand in the overseas market is expected to break out in 2021, and that there has been considerable progress in the development of agency channels and service components, which are expected to enter the harvest period.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: we expect companies to double their net profits in 2021-2023 and maintain a “buy-in” rating. 2021q1 continues to benefit from high growth in the beneficiary sectors and overseas markets are expected to enter the harvest period
2021q1 continues to benefit from high growth in the industry, with overseas markets expected to enter the harvest period, and is good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related plates. Eight years in the financial sector, with representatives such as Robot Trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in an effort to study industrial fluctuations in search of certainty.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.