3x1 (600031) company review report Performance growth in line with expectations and acceleration of the internationalization process — 3x1 (600031) performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021
On 15 April, the company disclosed a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021, which is expected to result in significant growth in corporate performance in the first quarter of 2021. Downstream demand remained resilient as a result of capital-building demand, strengthened environmental governance in the country, increased demand for equipment upgrading, and artificial replacement effects.
According to the engineering machine, the market value in circulation (millions of dollars): the Institute of Artisanal Excavators recorded a 97%, 205% and 60% increase in the sale of excavators in January-March, respectively.
Total sales in the excavator industry for the first quarter amounted to 127,000, an increase of 84 per cent over the same period. The crane industry accumulated 8214 sales in January-February, an increase of 83 per cent over the same period. In downstream markets, companies continue to increase their share of the market with strong product power and excellent services.
The Division is actively pursuing its internationalization strategy, with rapid growth in overseas sales and market share of key products such as excavating machines, concrete machines, cranes, etc. The domestic and foreign markets have become more dynamic, leading to cross-cutting growth in corporate performance.
The number of hours and the start-up rate continued to grow and the demand for downstream construction remained high. At the same time, data from upstream spare parts manufacturers on discharges also showed that excavators and pump valve orders exploded in April and that the engineering machinery landscape was expected to remain high in the second quarter of 2021.
The top-down + digitalization of R & D continues to strengthen the core competitive edge of companies.
In addition, companies are actively promoting digitalization, intelligence, research in the national dollar securities sector - a strategy for investment in the mechanical industry in 2021: taking advantage of the wind.
The transformation, the renovation and upgrading of the company lighthouse plant, which is expected to be fully productive in 2021, is the company's biggest future and will effectively guarantee the company's ability to become an enterprise with an absolute competitive advantage in its products.
In view of the continuing high profile of the engineering and machinery industry, and the company’s increasing competitiveness, we anticipate that the company’s ability to earn $120 billion will continue to grow.
Capital capital investments are not as high as expected; market competition is increasing; and the global epidemic is repeatedly overstretched.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.