Increased investment in product R & D and the digital transformation to improve overall corporate competitiveness Events: company announcement, annual report 2020, with income of 10054 million a year, consistently high performance in the beneficiary engineering and machinery industry and high growth year-round: company year-round
Achieving revenues of $10054 million, a 31.25 per cent increase over the same year, a net return of $15,431 million, a significant increase in sales of products such as excavators, and strong corporate performance in view of the significant increase in R & D inputs. The overall Māori ratio of the company was 30.30 per cent, a decrease of 2.96 pct, partially offset.
(b) The cost for the period was 12.80 per cent, a decrease of 1.84 pct, a decrease of 1.87 pc, and a decrease of 0.51 pc, a decrease in the administrative cost, indicating good cost control capacity of the company; and net profit.
The rate is 15.42 per cent, an increase of 0.61 pct over the same year, and profitability continues to rise. Moreover, the company’s performance affects about 5 billion dollars in cash flow, and the reduction of this part affects a significant increase in net operating gold flow.
Three heavy jobs (600031). "The beneficiary industry has continued to rise, earning 37.528 billion excavators a year, an increase of 35.85 per cent over the same year, and selling more than 90,000 units, the world ' s leading; concrete machinery earns 27.552 billion, an increase of 16.6 per cent over the same year.
On this basis, the company continues to invest more in research and development, with total investment in leasing to enhance synergies between the main industries and the competitiveness of the company, some of the representative products that it does not invest in research and development include mega-digging, smart excavators, five bridge pumps, etc.
The three-quarterly edition of the 3-quarterly Worker (600031) continues to be strong, continues to improve the competitiveness of the company’s products, and the market share is expected to increase continuously.
Digital transformation to enhance corporate competitiveness, and the internationalization strategy continues to advance firmly: Corporate Portfolio Growth - 2020/10/29 Continuing digitalization and intelligent transformation, including through the promotion of lighthouse plants, processes
Four-fold, industrial software applications, data management and applications, and electrical intelligence of products, through digital transformation, reduce the cost of products, improve their quality, and generally improve the competitiveness of firms in domestic and global markets. International markets are the future long-term growth point for companies, with firm firms.
To promote internationalization, affected by the new crown epidemic in 2020, with an international sales income of $14,104 million, almost equal to 2019, but better than industry, with higher rates of city occupancy, and reverse growth of excavators, with strong performances in such markets as Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines, etc.
In 2021, the overseas market was expected to break out, and more progress had been made in the construction of intergenerational trade channels, service components, and high growth rates were expected. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: we expect companies to make a net profit in 2021-2023, respectively.
Increased investment in product R & D and digital transformation, increased overall competitiveness of firms, and maintenance of “buy-in” ratings. Increased investment in product R & D and digital transformation, and overall competitiveness of firms
In the financial sector, eight years of work have been done, including Robot Trends. Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production technology, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering machinery and automobiles.
The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report