2021q1 performance forecast: overperformance, profitability 21q1 net profit increase by 137-164 per cent over the year, profit enhancement contribution performance elasticity
According to the Association of Engineering Machinery, sales of domestic excavators increased by 85% on a year-on-year basis from January to March 2021. Downstream capital spending increased, and the domestic engineering and machinery market was in short supply.
We expect corporate income for 21q1 seasons to double that of the year, and single-season net interest rates to rise significantly. Based on scale effects and channel advantages, industry is either strong or hard to reverse, and industry is concentrated.
As the corporate-scale effect expands and the digital transformation progresses, we expect a long-term increase in net interest rates for the public and the private sector, and subsequent performance releases are expected to continue to outpace expectations.  Internationalization + digitization is much more desirable in the future, with increased R & D layout.
The Division’s emphasis on R & D is evident, and the quality of the statements is excellent. The company’s R & D cycle has been reduced by more than 20%, with an increase of 90% in offshore digs in 2020, which is highly correlated with the company’s ability to roll out new money and blast products.
The towers were modified by 1.0 (over 20) and the former lighthouse plants (3-5) would go online to the 2.0 stage, with a sustained increase in per capita output expected.
By 2020, the domestic dredging market had reached 56%, with a share of 31% standing at 28%, maintaining an average annual growth rate of 2 pct for many years. According to the Triple 1 performance celebration, the country’s dragons had sold 20,000 excavators for the first three and one times a month, with $10 billion a month in sales, and international sales for the first month.
We go to a new cycle in conjunction with a season of high industry, high upstream output and high downstream equipment usage.
During this period, the offshore dredging business has increased against the market, suggesting that the beneficial industries should be more concentrated and more globalized than ever before. 2, Trinity Worker (600031): Global
Deep Perspective: The diggers will get the world, the Trinity will start a global growth chapter 2021-02-10.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has an investment advisory committee on securities.