Three-by-one, high R & D inputs are designed to improve the competitiveness of core products, digitalization and internationalization are expected to drive companies to the top of the globe.
A net profit of 15.43 billion yuan, an increase of 36.3 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 13.35 billion yuan over the same period, an increase of 34.0 per cent over the same year, a net cash flow of 13.36 billion yuan over the same period, an increase of 12.5 per cent over the same period.
The combination of environmental policy upgrades, increased demand for equipment upgrading, and the effects of artificial substitution, the continuation of the high profile of the engineering and machinery industry, the company as the leader of the industry, the continued growth of all-line products, the continued increase in the share of the domestic and foreign market, and the best business performance to refresh its history.
And the transformation of intelligence has produced remarkable results, with companies continuously improving their business capacity; sustained growth of 35.9 per cent; and 10 consecutive years of co-lending champions in domestic markets, with large, medium and small-scale market share boosting the internationalization strategy and pushing companies towards global champions.
In this connection, the Government of China has been able to increase its revenue from the sale of concrete machinery by more than 90,000 machines, the largest in the world; concrete machinery has generated sales revenues of 27.5 billion yuan, an increase of 16.6 per cent in the same year and a steady increase in the world ' s first brand; the sales of cranes have generated 19.41 billion yuan, an increase of 38.8 per cent in the same year, a growth of 41.9 per cent in the same year; and road machinery sales, an increase of 2,804 million yuan, an increase of 30.59 per cent in the same year, the market share of amortized machines being the highest in the country, while the market share of flats and rollers has risen significantly.
Companies increased their R & D investment and product innovation by $6.26 billion over 20 years, an increase of 33.2% over the same period, representing 6.3% of business income, which greatly enhanced the competitiveness of their products. The digitalization and intelligence transformation was remarkable, and companies continued to improve their ability to operate.
Intelligent transformation, a major push for the construction of a “lighthouse plant” and the widespread use of cutting-edge industrial and digital technologies such as visual recognition, process simulation, heavy-load robotics in major industrial parks in the country have greatly improved human and production efficiency, significantly reduced manufacturing costs and further enhanced the integrated competitiveness of firms globally, with companies per capita in 2020.
Four hundred and forty-four thousand yuan (US$) is in the lead in the global engineering and machinery industry. Benefiting from the increased efficiency of production operations, the level of company fees has continued to decline, at a cost of 12.8 per cent in 2020, a decline of 1.8 pct compared to the previous year, mainly due to a decline in product prices, restructuring of products and the incorporation of transport costs into operating cost accounting.
The beneficiary companies have excellent cost-control capabilities, with net interest rates increasing by 0.6 pct to 15.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the firm ' s high focus on quality and risk control has resulted in a net cash flow of 13.36 billion yuan, an increase of 12.5 per cent, during the reporting period, reflecting the company ' s sustainable and high-quality operations.
The internationalization strategy is being advanced in a sustained and deep manner, pushing companies toward a global flagship. In 2020, the epidemic hit and the demand for offshore engineering and machinery markets shrunk to a certain degree, but the firm remained steadfast in its pursuit of an internationalized development strategy, with an international sales revenue of $14.10 billion a year, a 0.44% decline, corporate overseas market sales better than industry, market share.
There has been a marked upturn and positive progress in internationalization: major markets such as South-East Asia, the United States of America, Europe, etc., have seen real sales revenues from negative market growth, the excavator overseas market sales out of 10,000, 30% more than in the same year, the market share of excavators in North America, Europe, India, etc., has increased significantly, and some South-East Asian countries have risen to the top on the ground.
Continued investment in resources such as channels, service capabilities, agent systems, service components systems, etc., and a sustained increase in the integrated capacity systems of firms in overseas markets. The deepening of the internationalization strategy has helped to replicate current success stories in multiple markets around the world and to achieve more regional turn-overs. Wide market demand from overseas will support the growth of firms in the medium and long term.
By doing so, it helps smooth the fluctuations in domestic engineering and machinery demand and is expected to induce companies to re-create one more. After 21 years of recovery from overseas demand, corporate internationalization sales are expected to grow at a high rate, and the value of the company is currently not sufficient.
Using the market price of 2 April 2021 as the standard, the Triple One Worker 20200901 is not as fast as expected for global epidemic control, downstream recovery is not as fast as expected, industry competition is increasing, and capital and real estate investments are not as fast as expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.