2024q1 performance increased year-on-year, with a fast-track booster performance.
i Servers, high-speed switches, cars, etc. maintain a "buy-in" rating. *ai Servers & High-speed switches have high demand and high growth is expected for the dotted board operations. At the end of demand: i Servers and high-speed network systems have high demand, and traditional cloud server supply chain levels are high
At the end of the product: a universal server, the bhs platform is already product-based, while the next generation of kos platform products are being prepared; accelerated calculation of products, the 112gbps speed product has started product certification and sample delivery, and the ubb at the 3rd hdi level has started to produce in volume; network exchange
Products, the 800g switch based on 112gbps speed of 51.2t has been delivered in bulk, the 224gbps speed of product has been pre-developed, the npo/cpo architecture is being exchanged/routed in conjunction with the client; semiconductor, the high-complex pcb in the product of the chip testing has been delivered in bulk and synchronized for multiorder hdi products.
At the beginning of 2024, the company decided to invest approximately $510 million in technology improvement projects to improve the quality and productivity of products related to the numeracy network; to speed up the construction of the Thai production base; and to carry out the installation and commissioning of equipment, test production, certification of new producers and import of new products.
• Active high-end automobile products, long-term growth engines Demand side: motor motorization, intelligence and network connectivity, multi-layered, high-level hdi, high-frequency high-speed, a high demand for arithmetic & power, corporate performance
High-pressure, high-temperature, high-intelligence, etc. Automotive boards are growing. At the end of the product: the company invests a lot of resources to sustain high-growth growth - company updates, material research, and signal integrity testing and analysis to meet the more stringent pcb losses in high-speed computing.
2024.3.27 Loss of requirements. At the end of the output: accelerated investment in microelectric power to effectively expand the capacity of high-level hdi cars; Yellowstone II, 2023q4 Performance, i.e., industrial development.
Further optimization of process capabilities to accelerate certification and import of new products and customers. High corporate performance growth – company updates Client imports fall short of expectations; increased industry competition.
2023q3 strong performance, ai and car two-wheel drive, boosted performance growth - company update