High-end pcb leading supplier, i.a. a new growth pole. On 26 March, S.A. issued its annual report for 2023 and its performance forecast for the first quarter of 2024.
In 2023, the company achieved an operating income of $8,938 million, an increase of 7.23 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was a high-high-speed (18 floor +) pcb, with an increase in the relative share of the income of the i server and hpc related to the company ' s sales of pcb products from 7.89 per cent in 2022.
In the future, as the demand for data transfers increases further, we believe that the demand for large, high-speed, multi-layer pcb increases further. In 2023, the high-speed pcb (18-storey plus) was the best performing pcb area, and its structural demand offsets traditional data.
The impact of the weakening of new orders has been caused by declining spending in central areas, stock-taking by clients and high interest rates. Auto-electricity and smartness have accelerated, high-end emerging market supply has been in short supply, auto-drive aids and smart seat area controllers, ceramics, thick copper, p2packs, etc.
The product market continued to grow, with incomes rising from about 21.45 per cent in 2022 to about 25.96 per cent. Thanks to the progress of motor motorization and intelligence, the technological upgrading and penetration of motor panels will lead to an increase in the rate of penetration.
To provide a strong long-term growth opportunity for the small sub-markets of multi-storey, high-level hdi, high-frequency high-speed, high-voltage, high-temperature, high-integration, etc. With the deployment of the ai hardware facility and the motorization and intelligentization of the car, the share of the power plant continues to grow.
A small number of suppliers in the country with new high-speed, high (18-storey) pcb and high-level, high-end sub-supply capabilities, such as Hao Yui, will benefit from depth.
Technical modifications to the printing of circuit board production lines and the commissioning of the 2024q4 Thai plant resulted in high-end line production capacity and $3.240 billion, with a corresponding valuation of 28, 22 and 18 times the value, respectively, moving up to the “buy-in” rating.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.