Quarter 2024: I'm on a high note, I'm on a high note, and I'm releasing the product this year.
The performance of ai continues to be high, with a year-on-year high: 2.6 billion yuan in 2024 (a year-on-year + 38 per cent), 500 million yuan net profit for mothers (a year-on-year + 157 per cent) and $500 million net profit for non-mothers (a year-on-year + 172 per cent). The firm ' s strong performance in q1 in 2024 benefited mainly from overseas 1 performance.
In 2024, q1 benefited from overseas cloud plants.
Business demand for high-end pcb in the country increased, company ai servers and Hpc-related pcb products increased significantly as a result of the company ' s corporate communications board operating income, and multi-layered Māori rates increased.
The pcb industry is expected to grow in a positive way throughout the year. Dell'oro reports that it is expected that the switch costs deployed in the back-end network will expand the data centre exchange market by 50%. The exchange is the most important end-use of the company's pcb product.
First, in 2024, the company will benefit directly from the expansion of the market for the data centre switch, and in the year, the company ' s pcb business product structure will be further optimized, with an overall focus on the overseas cloud plant commercial logarithm, the pcie computing acceleration card, the network acceleration card and the 800g switch in the centre.
In terms of rigid demand, such as the 2023 Annual Report, the company has now accelerated the construction and expansion of new production capacity, the capacity of the four major plants, and the power of micro-electricity, without the full marketability of new technologies.
Review: Consider the increase in structural demand on the one-end server; expand the capacity of high-level hdi production in cars; maintain low-level pcb boards in the Yellowstone 1 plant; yellow-stone 2 plants in the production of traditional car boards; and high-end pcb boards in the production of the Blue-Zone plant; and, in addition,
The company expects to build a new plant in Thailand in the future.
Review: o2 one-quarter performance improvement, "ai+car" double-digit profit projection and investment rating: based on the company being the head of the domestic pcb and the volume of new products related to the ai 3 financial projection tables for the share of power
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.