Performance exceeded expectations, ai showed strong kinetic energy: 24q1 achieved operating income of 2,584 million yuan, yoy+38.34 per cent, net profit of 515 million yuan, yoy+157.03 per cent and net profit of non-mothers
The company has been working deep on pcb for years, building up a leading position in areas such as communications, automobiles, etc.
With regard to switches and storage, companies can produce up to 64 floors of backboards, hdi, high-end servers, and industrial computers, companies can produce up to 40 floors of puncture boards, with the technological strength of the world's first echelons.
In addition, the company is expected to grow rapidly on the Beetat wind by applying upgraded demand, i-server, 800-g switch, etc. In addition, in traditional servers, the gelestream platform infiltrates or repairs the industry landscape; downstream ice points, such as cars, consumer electronics, etc., are or are past, and the company's traditional business is in the past.
Profitability has increased significantly, and TRP has taken on the trend. 24q1 company profitability has been raised significantly \triangleright, with Māori sales/net interest rates for sales +8.13/+8.94pt, respectively, mainly due to the one-server
We believe that the company is the core of the data centre pcb, with greater potential for growth and construction.
The 2023 report and the 2024 one-quarter report forecast: one revolution with a snowy snow, an arithmetic industrial chain, one with an over-expected performance, one with a stagger.
Who's growing and growing and improving profitability?
In November 2022, the Sindam Securities Electronics Group joined the 9th House of the City Street in the West Side of Beijing to study optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc., ready, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit design, etc.
In December 2022, he joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group, which is directed towards precision electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment and parts and components, semiconductor processes, etc., in the direction of the storage of chips, simulation chips, etc.
Servers, pcb, consumer electronics, etc. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consulting.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.