The company’s annual report for 2023 and its battalion for 2023 was launched in 2023.
Performance forecasts, which benefit from emerging computing scenarios such as high-speed operation servers, ai and others, drive large-scale, high-speed, high-level, multi-storey pcb demand for s0980521080001ai servers and high-speed network systems to print circuit boards at high multi-storey levels.
In 2023, company pcb achieved operating income of $8.572 billion (yoy+8.09%), Māori increased to (yoy+6.82%) and Māori to approximately 34.51% (yoy+0.18 pct).
While orders are weak in the light of the decline in capital spending by the Centre, de-stocking and the high interest rate of the United States dollar, the demand for the ai servers and high-speed network systems has driven high-speed pcb demand, with company ai servers and Hpc-related revenues accounting for 21.13 per cent of the corporate communications market, up from about 7.89 per cent in 2022 to 21.13 per cent in 23 years.
Data centre switch demand is expected to expand by 50%, and the company plans to invest in technology upgrading projects. At present, according to expenditures on the central switchboard market, mainly to connect to the front-end network of the common server, but because of the rapid growth of parameters that need to be processed by large artificial intelligence applications, thousands or even hundreds of thousands of acceleration knots are required to be deployed.
Dots, connecting these acceleration nodes in large clusters requires a data centre size architecture, the artificial smart backend network. Dell'oro predicts that the expenditure on switchboards deployed in artificial intelligence backend networks will expand the data centre switch market by 50%.
An investment of about $510 million has been made in the implementation of the technology improvement project to upgrade the technical capability of the hdi production line for the arithmetic network. The rise in the share of emerging motor panels has led to a further reduction in the loss of the winning policy.
The share of the company's new car plate products, such as hdi adas and smart space controllers, p2pack, increased from 21.45% in 22 years to 25.96% in 23 years.
The system ' s p2packpcb product, which has been produced in 4q23 volumes, will in the future accelerate the optimization of product technology applied to the 800v architecture and promote the commercialization of products using p2pack technology in pure electric cars.
(002463.sz) - Up-to-date pcb for the benefit of the digital economy with a “buy-in” rating of 24, 19 and 16x.  (002463.sz) - Strong structural demand with a net profit forecast for the entire year
Figure 1: Business income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) for the share of the share of the electricity sector (in billions, per cent)
Figure 5: Mäori rate of  shares and changes in net interest rates
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject