The Mangotv Center for Consumer Upgrading and Recreation Studies has gained momentum and platform attributes have become more prominent, and performance forecasts have been slightly lower than market expectations, mainly due to the higher levels of income and profit from retail media outlets.
The impact of a variety of factors, such as structural adjustments, has resulted in a significant decline in the income and profits of the retail media section, which has reduced the overall profit growth of the company, but the new media section of the core industry has developed well.
Mangotv's business grew rapidly, with a remarkable growth in January 2019. According to our monitoring, Mango SuperMongo's tri-quarter review in 2018, Mau at the mobile end of Gotv rose steadily in January 2018-2019, with a dau and activity.
2. The top-quality video platform, Mango Super-Mechanism, has surpassed 10 million members in its year, up from 5.49 million in 2017, with a positive growth trend. We expect more than 70% growth in advertising and membership income in Mangotv in 2018.
The s-level art Singer 2019 has adopted a web-only strategy, which, while reducing some copyright distribution revenues and gross profits, has shown a significant upward trend in the flow of mangotv during the broadcast, and is expected to effectively boost the flow of members and advertising. The average number of airings in Mangotv in the first five issues of Singer 2019 was approximately 184 million, while the average number of broadcasts in Mangotv in the first five issues was about 184 million.
In 2018, the programme was aired an average of 106 million times in Mangotv, an increase of about 74% over the same period. We believe that the initiative would effectively raise the income and gross profit ratio of Internet videos and would benefit companies in the long term, and that the platform’s attributes were becoming more visible to improve corporate valuations.
In recent high-quality art, it is expected that the flow and membership of 209q1 mangotv will continue to grow well. Singer 2019, 11 January 2019, and exclusive, January 25, and wife romantic travel 2nd, 14 February.
– Adding a heavyweight guest, Mr. and Mrs. Wang Feng Yi and Mr. Zhang Ji-yi. Given Singer 2019 solo and the downside of the retail section of the media, we have downgraded the company’s profits.
The new media platform hosts are gaining momentum, mangotv flows are growing steadily, and activity is increasing significantly. From January to December 2018, the mangotv mobile end mau as a whole, as measured by us, rose in volatility (the peak of the summer slot was removed), and the data increased.
In January 2019, Mau and Dau both showed a remarkable rise in the ring ratio, which we believe is very relevant to Singer 2019’s strategy of exclusive broadcasting. Dau/mau can be used to measure user activity, which is daily active.
The higher the number of users per month, the more sticky the platform is, the higher the number of users, the higher the mangotv indicator will be in 2018, especially in the second half, and the higher it will be in January 2019.
Rehearsals and hot spots, such as the new editions of The Hair Gardens, the Romantic Travel of the Wife, the Second Season of the Chinese Restaurant, the City of Fantasia, and the second half of the year ' s hot editions of "Intimacy, Big Star 4th Season, Dear Inn 2nd Season, Wild Kitchen." These hot spots help mangos.
tv has effectively increased user activity, with fee-paying members breaking by 10 million by the end of 2018, a 122% increase over the same year, and a significant increase in fee penetration.
Good growth. Singer 2019, 11 January 2019, singers 2019, second quarter, 25 January 2019, wife romantic travel, second quarter, 14 February.
These high-quality blendings will be effective in pulling up the flow and continuously increasing the number of paying members. Payers/end-of-life monthlys.
In the first place, the cumulative number of broadcasts reached 5.5 billion, making it a summer-end payment in 2018; in the polygenesis, the cumulative number of broadcasts was over 2 billion for Big Star Detective 4th season, Romantic travel of wives, and Mom 3rd season of Superman, and more than 1 billion for multiple polygens.
The music show, which has won a high score of 9.1 points in the bean petals, is based on bringing the high-and-lost way of singing into the eyes of the average audience and doing it, which is very popular and popular with a lot of young viewers. It's the city of Fantasia, which was created by Hunan Weibo.
It is worth noting that Mangotv's comprehensive art program is gradually becoming less dependent on Hunan's watch, and that home-made net-based art is rising rapidly, except for Star Big Detective and Mom is Superman.
In 2018, a new edition of "The Romantic Travel of Wives, The Brave World, The Wild Kitchen" was aired on a one-time basis, with the s-level variety "Singer 2019" showing a unique strategy highlighting the platform's attributes. The "Singer" series from Hunan to Hunan has grown into the head of the music mix since the first quarter of 2013.
Series. According to the company ' s M & A announcement, Singer 2017 had an original copyright value of $36.82 million in 2017 and earned $18.868 million and $56.6 million in copyright revenue through distribution to Aichi and Tote music, respectively, in addition to advertising and member pull-ups.
How's Singer 2019 coming? We think the traffic pulls on mangotv is remarkable. Although the average ratings of the five programmes that have been broadcast are not as high as 2017 and 2018, on the one hand, the overall ratings are falling, on the other hand, the singers are on the other.
Seven years after the launch of the first season in 2013, we consider the drop in ratings to be a positive natural pattern. It is worth noting that in 2017 and 2018, singers were distributed to love wonders and excellent performances, with Mangotv playing an average of 121 million and 106 million rounds, respectively, while Mangotv played an average of 106 million.
Singer 2019, with an average of 184 million broadcasts in the first five editions of Mangotv, has generated about 74% of the growth in traffic. Previously, the market feared that Singer 2019 would have a greater impact on the revenue and gross profits of copyright distribution, according to our surveillance programme during the broadcast.
tv’s traffic index is rising significantly, and we think it’s more relevant to Singer 2019 alone. We expect the program to have an extra pull effect on Mangotv’s members and on post ads, partly offsetting the impact on income and gross profits when Internet copyright is no longer distributed.
The greater the value of a channel/programme as a percentage of the total number of users watching live at a given time, the greater the market competitiveness of the programme at that time. The Māori contribution of the Internet video business has gradually increased, with Māori contributing more than expected. In 2017, the Māori contribution of the Happy Sunshine Internet video business, with only 1.1%, has not yet contributed to the company.
Profit. The Māori ratio of Internet video from 2018h1 increased to 23.2%, gross profit contribution increased to 29.7%, and the Māori rate of Internet video with a focus on c-business was likely to rise further to 36% in 2019, and gross profit contribution increased to 29.7% as programmes like Singer adopted a solo strategy.
With 40% likely, the company’s platform attributes will become more prominent. Profit predictions: In view of Singer 2019 solo and the decline in the media retail section, we lower our investment proposal: it is expected that the gross profit share of company Internet video (c-end business) will continue to rise.
▪ Where Dad goes in 2018, with possible risk of impairment of stock; $2 billion in fixed increases; reboot before June 2019, which could result in a share spread. Corporate 2018h1 connections, sales of easy-to-media connections, as a percentage of revenue, are 24.7%; Hunan Watch is not supportive of the company.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market is expected to affect profitability.