Mango SuperMechanism (300413) Commercial trades keep ahead of target hbo, South-West Securities Research and Development Center
(a) Events: Mango supermedia released a fast-track performance report for 2018, which, according to the consolidated statements, generated $9,657 million in revenues, an increase of 16.76 per cent over the same period; net profit on maternity was 893 million, an increase of 24.95 per cent over the same period;
According to the announcement, happy sunshine achieved business income of $5.611 billion in 2018, an increase of 66 per cent over the same period, including: 82 per cent in advertising, 114 per cent in membership, 35 per cent in copyright, 56 per cent in operator business, and 10.7 million in membership. We believe that happy sunshine has grown by 82 per cent in advertising, 114 per cent in membership, 35 per cent in copyright business, 56 per cent in turnover, and 10.7 million in membership.
The central reasons for this rapid growth are the following: 1) from 2017 onwards, domestic video payments entered the new growth model, single-platform payers are gradually shifting to multi-platform payments, mango super-movement as a distinctive video platform that is one of the biggest beneficiaries of this shift in pay culture; 2) corporate content water
Ping has continued to grow, and both major shareholders and listed companies have maintained a very good content export. Ping, in the context of Bat’s full access to the market, the company’s and major shareholder’s philosophies continue to maintain a very high record of viewing and competition with the Internet’s giants in the area of segmentation.
The company’s retail business achieved income of 2,169 million in 2018, a 27% decline compared to the previous year, mainly because the industry as a whole was affected by the growth of the culture of Internet consumption, and the pressure of the industry as a whole was felt, and the fans were found to be sticky. From the history of the development of Nakaifi and Hbo, we believe that there are two types of Internet video platforms.
There are different models: content channels and platforms drive, and mango super-magos are much more like hbos, that is, platform channels. By nurturing them for more than a decade, Hunan Taiwan has created a very stable and loyal group of fans in the country, who have a very high degree of appreciation for its cultural output, which has also led them to become more popular with Hunan.
Broadband systems are very sticky, so there's a significant proportion of user attributes in the mango super-media user structure that prefer fans rather than viewers, and they're very sticky. So, this non-content-driven user structure model, so that companies don't have to spend a lot of content costs to keep users paying, some of them, on a continuous basis.
Mango supermedia (300413): Mangotv's performance is sustained, and it is “technology” rather than “capital” that is more needed to run its own fan group. Growth, with substantial subsequent copyright reserves (2018-10-29)
2. Mango supermedia (300413), development of the whole industry chain, unique upgrading of Mangotv brands (2018-08-29), increased risk of regulation of audio-visual content on the Internet, and failure to respond to expected risks.
In 2014, advertising revenue is now relatively high, and membership is growing at an early high rate, assuming that happy sunshine, paying members and advertising operations will continue to grow at a high rate, while content operations and operator operations will remain stable. With gross corporate profits now largely attributable to content operations and operators, the profitability of both operations is stable, with a steady increase in the company ' s Māori ratio.
Assumption 2: Mango Recreation: Mango Recreation Growth 2016 - 2017 is due mainly to the growth of the PlayP cooperation business, which was awarded to ip by Hunan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Dan-Lu, which now enjoys the right to play and apply development 2014 - 2020, so there will be no significant increase in the number of pip-backing authorizations. As the company ' s Māori ratio has stabilized at 63.5 per cent for the second year in a row, it is assumed that it will.
Assumption 3: Entertainment Media: Corporate profits are largely contributed by artist brokerage and film production, and the performance commitments given by Mango media are generally stable, assuming that the next two operations will remain stable. The company’s introduction of the " People’s Name " , in 2017, raised the Māori rate, which was expected to decline in subsequent Māori levels, to around 25 per cent.
Assumption 4: Mango video: company profits are mainly invested in and contributed to the production of the video opera, the performance of the Mango media is largely stable, assuming a steady growth of the film business and a stable level of Māori at around 13 per cent. Assumption 5: Mango entertainment: a screen show assuming important components of the company's business as a result of the decline in television channels
The size of the business will be reduced in the future. As a result of the decline in the Māori base of screen shows, programmes and derivatives, it is assumed that the future Māori ratio will decline to scenario 6: Happy Purchase: due to the transformation of the company, combined with a decline in revenue in 2017, assuming that the company’s formerly owned e-commerce industry has an annual revenue of the company’s pre-merger business income, which is inconsistent; total revenue for 2018-2020 will be added to the income of each target, without consideration being given to offsetting the associated transaction.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.