The incident: the company published its annual 2017 report, which achieved a net profit of $14,662 million attributable to the shareholders of the parent company.
Ma Xiangyun Nbv is up 40.3% of the leading industry, and the expected phased growth is slower after the value transformation dividend is realized: companies are at the top of the industry at a year-long Nbv, with new business values climbing from 6.5 pct. to 39.4% of innovation.
Mainly as a result of a determined shift in risk values in recent years: 1) product structure perspective, long-term guarantee year s0605050502 with a relatively low rate of growth compared to that of peers, with a major life insurance subsidiary increasing its dividends (12.63 billion yuan in red) and non-life
In 2018, taking into account the same high base plus the overall pressure to regulate new normal fiscal operations (e.g., gold products), the nbv growth is expected to slow down in a phased manner after peaking. The net profit is derived from the realization of investment returns and the remaining marginal release of $2284 billion, with a projected acceleration in 2018: companies
At the end of the year, the net return on investment was maintained at 5.4 per cent, a total of billions, and the return on combined investment increased by 80 bp to 4.8 per cent on a low base, mainly from the equity market.
The impact is likely to be clear, and if the investment end is stable, the net profit on life insurance will grow more flexibly. Property insurance has been optimized to a very high degree, with interest in premium recovery + fee re-engineering deepening in 2018: the Department’s property insurance premiums increased by $875 million to $104.6 billion over the year, with vehicle insurance increasing by 739 to 81.8 million.
Quick, with combined rates ranging from 50 bp to 98.7 per cent in 2017 (the best in the last five years), non-car insurance, 10 pc. to 99.6 per cent (the first time in the last four years), we believe that the quality control of the company's property insurance has been significantly effective and that the premium is expected to expand at an accelerated rate after warming.
At the industry level, as the cost of insurance has deepened (three fees have been activated) and the cost has been strictly regulated at the regulatory level, we judge that market concentration will increase steadily, and that industry leaders will be able to maintain a stable middle-cost mix, benefiting most of the leading companies, such as Human Security, Peace, and Teenguard.
Investment proposal: company ' s high nbv growth lead industry in 2017, focus on life-risk agent quality 2018, upscaling of guaranteed business growth, production-risk combined cost stabilization and premium warming. We expect company 2018pev to have sufficient security margins after significant valuation adjustments and long-term growth in the insurance industry and the company.
Performance traps are established, value transitions are on track 2, China Pacific: mid-2017 report points - high rate of innovation in nbv, high value transformations
The change in insurance fees has increased competition in the industry; 4) the sharp rollback of blue equity has affected investment returns. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board