A study on the dynamics of the Chinese company Iron (60190.sh)
Huangjw@cfsc.com.cn is one of the largest multifunctional integrated construction groups in the world, leading the industry in infrastructure construction. Corporate performance grew robustly in 2022.
Six months of corporate capital operations, survey design operations, engineering equipment and spare parts manufacturing operations, real estate development and other (mainly mining) operations, respectively 796.93 billion yuan in new construction delays and 7960 new projects with new contracts.
This represents an increase of 10.3 per cent; new contracts for survey design and consultancy services of $27.890 billion, an increase of 35.7 per cent in the same year; new contracts for industrial equipment and spare parts manufacturing operations of $63.19 billion, an increase of 3.1 per cent in the same year; and new contracts for real estate development
New strategic planning will help companies improve their profit structures. Companies increase their structural restructuring and transformational upgrading, actively nurture new business growth and initiate a growth “second curve” that revolves around national priority areas of support, such as hydropower and clean energy.
The new sector has a greater Māori rate than the traditional industry, and as the volume of the new area projects increases, it will result in a structural improvement in corporate profits and an increase in the overall Māori rate of the corresponding companies.
In 2022, the country ' s capital investment portfolio grew by 5.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with 11.52 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and was the main source of steady economic growth.
8%, and in recent years, the company has significantly expanded its infrastructure operations beyond the railway municipal operations, and we expect that corporate orders will continue to outpace capital investment. With the abundance of molybdenum deposits, it is possible to provide new power for the company to develop.
By the first half of 2022, the company had held about 650,000 tons of molybdenum and was a leader in the domestic industry, with production in 2021.
In the first half of 2022, 14955 tons of molybdenum mine in Heilongjiang, owned by the company, produced 7801.6 tons of molybdenum, an increase of 0.07 per cent over the same period, and its molybdenum production capacity has increased significantly and is expected to continue.
The vast range of applications can be applied to many industries, such as photovoltaics, wind power, and nuclear energy, and the price of molybdenum metals is expected to continue to improve because of the scarcity of its own resources. In addition, the company’s copper metal reserves and production capacity are among the highest in the industry.
Cobalt metal can be produced in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), in the mkm, in the combalt mine (with a share of 41.72 per cent), and copper production has remained stable in the last two years up to 2022, with a slight increase compared to 2022.
Copper prices are expected to remain high. The average monthly settlement price for copper on the London Metals Exchange in January 2023 was $9026/t. Copper prices averaged $8759/t in 2022, and were in an all-time high tremor zone.
Downstream real estate, electricity consumption demand is expected to recover, while the Fed is expected to slow down and raise interest rates, optimistic that copper prices are expected to sustain high shocks. We believe that companies, relying on their rich mineral resources, can fully benefit from some of them.
The non-ferrous industry is expected to continue to provide new momentum for corporate development, promote equity incentives and highlight corporate confidence.
Incentives are granted for the first time to no more than 732 persons, including company directors, senior managers, middle-level managers and core cadres who were employed in the company (including branches and holding subsidiaries) at the time of the company's disclosure plan.
Incentives to corporate equity, if the company has achieved performance appraisal targets over the next three years, we believe that, as corporate restricted stock awards are completed, performance appraisal targets for incentive programs release periods will continue to drive corporate management motivation and initiative.
In December 2022, a new round of Integrated Central Enterprise Services III was handed over.
The annual action plan states that it will continue to focus on services to promote the return of the value of the firm to a reasonable level. The company, as a core capital company, has a pe/pb split in December 2022.
The business appraisal indicator is adjusted to “one-for-one-for-five rate”. It replaces the net profit indicator with the net asset rate of return and the operating cash ratio with the operating income rate, which requires central enterprises to maintain “a relatively stable asset-liability ratio”
In this case, the combined performance of net interest rates and total asset turnover is further increased. At the same time, the examination of the indicator of increased operating cash ratios also amply demonstrates the importance attached by the National Finance Commission to the cash flow of enterprises, which we believe to be followed by business cash flows.
We believe that, along with our promotion of a return in the valuation of high-quality agricultural enterprises, the company, as a high-quality capital company, is expected to lead the way in warming its market performance. (1) Capital investment is growing at a slower rate than expected; (2) macroeconomic downward pressure is increasing.
Wong Joon-woo: B.A. in Civil Engineering and M.A. in Finance, University of Al-Qaeda, more than five years of experience in building materials research and three years of experience in building materials.
The study is directed at building materials and new materials. It reflects my research views. I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, either for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should independently assess the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.