Vankoa (00002.sz) Huanko is the leader of the industry, the recovery of the level of profit can be sustained. Looking ahead, the industry as a whole is in the process of fine-tuning its operations.
Strategic investment visions, prominent brand influence, extensive game practice, robust risk management strategies, and diversified business layout lead industry development. We believe that companies have the incentive and the opportunity to maintain their current size, to keep sales stable, and to be careful and secure.
The company has more land reserves in second-line cities to meet the development needs of the next four years, and to expand new performance growth points in diverse ways, such as old-fashioned, tod, etc.
After many years of exploration, Vanko has moved into the forefront of the industry in a number of areas, such as property, long-term rental apartments, warehousing logistics, and commercial management. In 2021, the company’s real-estate revenue grew by 7.36 per cent, its real-estate business by 32.1 per cent, and its logistics warehousing model will become the company’s future profit reservoir and growth point.
• Healthy debt structure, low financing cost industry Healthy corporate debt structure, high credit rating, relatively stable interest-bearing debt level for the fourth consecutive year, with all three lines of red line turned green by the end of 2021, the cost of comprehensive financing of stock decreased to 4.11 per cent, and the industry remained low
The Vanko Group was established in 1984 and placed on the market in 1991 with a stock code of 00002.sz, the country.
After more than three decades of strategic innovation, the company has focused its operations on the three most dynamic economic circles of the country’s economy and on key cities in the central and western parts of the country, and for the fifth consecutive year, it has entered Fortune, the world’s 500th largest, as a leading enterprise in the domestic real estate sector.
1983-1992: Innovation in the development of non-property businesses in Shenzhen. In 1984, the Centre for the exhibition of modern scientific equipment in Shenzhen was inaugurated in Huenko, where the main business was the import and sale of automated office equipment and specialized video equipment, and then the main business of the company was converted into bulk and assembled for sale in the country. In 1988, the City of Shenzhen approved the company.
The equity re-engineering programme, which raises 28 million dollars in public funds, while publicly bidding for the Witten villa plot, officially entering the real estate industry. In 1992, the Vanko estate industry was established, and the company's operations evolved into a “four pillars” of commerce, industry, real estate and culture.
1992-2013: Establishment of a property-led business, fast becoming a leader in the industry. In 1993, the company abandoned the CIF model of development, with the urban mass housing development as the company's dominant business, establishing a strategic approach to capital accumulation and large-scale business.
In 2003, the company actively developed the Pearl River Delta region, which is centered on Shenzhen, and the Yangtze Delta region, which is centered above the sea.
By 2010, the company had sold more than $100 billion, reaching the target of $100 billion set in 2004. 2014-present: positioning as an urban service provider and diversifying its operations.
The four 10-year development plans extend the position of “three good housing providers” to “city service providers”. In 2018, the company upgraded the location further to “urban and rural construction and life service providers”, from urban construction to urban areas. For the first time, the strategic focus was extended to rural renewal and was actively expanded on the basis of the consolidation of residential development and property services.
Business operations, long-term rental apartments, warehouse logistics, travel services, etc. Figure 1: More than 30 years of development, corporate strategy constantly innovates 1.2, management experience leads to rapid corporate development
The current Chairman of the Board of Directors of Huanko, who became a member of the Huanko Group in 1990, became the Managing Director of the Huanko Group in 2001, became the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Huanko in 2017, led Huanko to become the first 100 billion homeowners during his tenure, and led the new strategy of “urban and rural construction and life service providers” in a new phase of the strategy for the fourth decade.
The entire long-term cycle, with three out of the seven directors currently serving in Huanko for more than 10 years, three from the Deep Steel Group, one from the National Finance Committee, and a stable and professional leadership, will allow Huanko to carry out a steady start, with a steady scale of sales and a high level of prudent storage.
Up to 4.1% in 2020, corporate sales grew faster than industry-wide, and the trend toward scale expansion was marked by a weak sales decline. At the same time, the company’s full-calibre sales were ranked back to Top2 and, in the future, as industry concentration increased and policies and markets warmed back, we expect a further increase in corporate-market ratios.
In our view, the company’s high growth over the last decade is largely due to deep urban farming and sustained investment in priority areas, which has achieved a scale effect and increased brand influence. From 2014 to 2019, individual city-scale sales increased from 3.3 billion to 8.3 billion, with a significant impact in terms of regional deep-farming compared to other headholds.
The Department has continued its strategy to focus on the urban sphere, with a balanced development in four major regions, with sales in the Shanghai region rising by 4 percentage points to 37.3% in the first half of 2021, sales in the Long Triangle and Pearl Triangle by over 50%, and sales in the core areas.
Area sales have contributed significantly. Figure 60: The size of individual city sales has declined in the last two years. Figure 7: The single city sales industry led in 2021 in Huenco
Figure 8: Regional distribution of sales in 2021, South Region and Figure 921: Regional distribution of sales in 2021, South Region, North Region, Shanghai Region
2.2. Land expansion is robust, with second-line urban investments exceeding 130 billion dollars, which has remained relatively stable for the last four years, but the size of the land area has declined in comparison with the previous year.
During the second half of 2021, the real estate sector experienced frequent credit risks, market conditions, and developers tended to be cautious. In comparison with their counterparts, the total volume of land transactions by mainstream housing companies fell by 32 per cent, the total area of transactions by 50 per cent, and the investment contraction by 10,000 was still better than the average value of the mainstream housing stock under a prudent land investment strategy.
At the same time, ranking the top three sectors shows the firm’s determination to develop and its stronger financial power. There are no more cities on the front line, and there is an increase in the share of land on the top three.
On the one hand, first-line cities are accompanied by increased competition for double-centralized land, with limited profit margins; on the other hand, first-line city owners, most of the city areas enter the city’s renewal period, and the value of the new supply areas is rising slowly, leading to a weakening of the determination to create Vankna. While avoiding first-line cities, companies have stepped up the layout of second-line cities, with new entitlements in 2021.
In order to avoid the pressure of central urban land concentration and concessions, the company's share of land in three or four cities increased to 42% in 2021, significantly higher than its share of land in typical developers such as snakes, Paulie development, Goldfield Group, but at the same time, the company was present.
Most of the strong three-line cities are located in priority areas such as long triangles, bead triangles, and are home to companies that have cultivated for many years. The future of the project is guaranteed by modeling and branding.
The size of the sea area reached 23 per cent, indicating that the company had a good view of the market in the East China area, but in the first half of 2020, as a result of the heat of the land market as a whole, the cities of the East China area experienced intense land competition, higher premium rates, reduced land differentials and greater pressure for future operations; the traditional South region accounted for 16 per cent, new through Foshan, Dongjung, etc.
The value of the increment maintains the size of the deep-farming area, based on the advantages of deep-farming and diversification of land acquisition, the company has relatively low costs in the southern region, the premises are more than $10,000 per square metre, and there is much room for future profit release. In terms of equity in the cities, the company is actively setting up “two concentrated” cities, apart from one line of cities and a small gate, and the company is in two episodes.
In the future, when the first-line cities are saturated, the second-line cities have the opportunity to meet rapid economic and demographic growth, with companies at two levels.
On the one hand, the layout of the city avoided intense competition, saving land costs, and, on the other hand, the opportunity to secure the qualitative de-development of the urban development dividend project.
The cost of the premises was more stable and there was ample room for profit. During the nearly eight-year cycle, the company maintained the cost of the premises beyond the 7000-year period, resulting in a fall in the same year, with robust growth for the rest of the year. In 2017, local land prices rose rapidly, while companies increased their investment in the fast-degradation of market stock in the second-line cities, resulting in a price difference of less than $7,000 for the year.
In 2018, the company began to sink gradually into three or four-line cities with relatively low land prices, accompanied by an increase in house prices across the country, resulting in a housing gap of more than 9,000 yuan per square metre. In 2021, the company stopped taking up high prices in the first-line city, while deepening the strategic approach to deep urban cultivation, resulting in stable land prices and housing.
Land price differentials amount to $9545 per square metre, with a significant future profit contribution. Overall, the company has had three years of flat house price differentials of over $9,000 per square metre over the last four years, with greater potential for future profit release, depending on the region’s well-cultivated mastery advantages, more robust operations and more efficient cost-control tools.
2.3 In recent years, the size of the earth reserves has stabilized, with a high degree of flexibility in the decolonization cycle, and the decolonization cycle has stabilized for more than three years. By the end of 2021, the company had 4.52 million land reserves to develop, 10.367 million land reserves and 1.48.9 million land reserves, which have remained relatively stable in recent years.
This is also related to the company’s flexible soil storage strategy, the high swing land model, which has been based on the principle of non-storage, and has been strongly modulated by a “breed-out” investment strategy, which maintains a robust operation. The regions are evenly distributed, and the second-line cities have more reserves.
The Division has a more balanced distribution of earth reserves in seven major regions, with a relatively high distribution of land reserves in the Shanghai, Beijing and South regions, at 18, 18 and 17 per cent, with three high-energy economic circles accounting for more than 50 per cent. In terms of size, companies have a 58 per cent distribution of land reserves in second-line cities, compared to the second-line storage in 2021.
Consistently, the earth reserves are evenly distributed and are more risk-resistant. From the distribution of earth storage cities, the company has more than 5 million plots of soil storage in Changchun, Chengdu, and Xianan City, with the top 20 cities ranked as more than one or two central provinces, and all of them are 10,000 traditional deep-drawing cities, where future earth storage can be released with deep-deep advantages and strong second-line cities' rainbows.
In recent years, with increased competition in the sector, the supply of good-quality earth storage projects has decreased and housing companies have become more difficult to access to the company market; and with China's urbanization rate, China has continued to raise the demand for new growth points.
The urbanization rate of the resident population reached 64.72 per cent by the end of 2021, while the demand for the first- and second-line urban renewal was expanding, helping cities to upgrade their stock of good quality land, upgrading old neighbourhoods and meeting the demands of urban landscapes and development. Nearly 10 central statements since 2021 have supported urban renewals or direct policies, with urban renewals being introduced for the first time.
The 2021 government report, again mentioned in the 2022 biennial government report, has been upgraded to a national strategy. As city renewal policy packages continue to be in place and implemented, local support for the participation of market players, related planning and funding opportunities, etc.
From the point of view of the city, the first-line and the second-line cities, especially Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Xiamen, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Chengdu, Tianjin, Wuhan and others, have a rapid urbanization process, a high share of the second-hand house market, a high level of land development, rapid industrial renewal, etc.
With high housing prices and a more mature real estate market, urban renewal needs have increased. From 2021 to the present, 12 cities have produced relevant government documents. On 22 March 2021, the City of Shenzhen, City of Shenzhen, and the Land Readiness Authority officially issued the City Renewal Ordinance of the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone: 7 July, housing and housing in Guangzhou City.
On 25 August, adopted by the 34th meeting of the Standing Committee of the Municipal People's Congress, the Regulations on Urban Renewal in Shanghai were formally implemented on 1 September. On 4 November, the Ministry of Housing and Construction issued a circular from the Office of the Ministry of Housing and Urban and Rural Development on the implementation of the first pilot urban renewal exercise.
Twenty-one cities, including Beijing, were the first to be piloted, and companies were actively involved in the old transformation business and the layout was further expanded. Between 2017 and 2020, the size of the buildings in the old conversions grew steadily, from 5.12 million to 9.46 million, in the rapid development phase.
In recent years, the company has been active in making up its old business in the first line of cities:
Shenzhen: The company entered Shenzhen's old market earlier, with a large number and wide distribution of projects involving the rehabilitation of the city’s villages and industrial transformation projects. At the same time, there are more than 30 outstanding renewal projects in the company’s stock, which will remain quite competitive in the old Shenzhen market in the future.
In the districts of Boan, Long Kong, Kwang, Nanshan, and Longhua, it is particularly important to focus on the old changes in the area of the Hong Kong public market over the past four years.
To date, Huanko is collaborating on old transformation projects in Guangzhou, which include Shacho village, Tanaka village, and there is still room for development. Shanghai: Shanghai 2019: Shanghai Vanko launched the Urban Plan, which includes participation in old transformation projects in mega-cities:
On December 17, 2021, Huanko contributed US$ 2 billion to the Shanghai Urban Renewal Steering Fund, which raised US$ 10 billion, focusing its investments on the renovation of the old city in Shanghai City, the preservation of historical features, and leasing.
As the stock market deepens, housing companies can help the government to collect land, engage in upgrading and developing it, and gain access to good-quality land reserves. In recent years, companies have actively marketed old markets, with substantial resources.
With the strength, stronger multi-purpose development capabilities, good political and business partnerships, and the strength of successful past projects, it is hoped that the old conversion projects will be transformed into new growth poles under corporate development operations. (2) Tod operations
Tod projects are growing rapidly and housing companies are actively involved in their development.
As the rate of urbanization increases, urban populations grow, urban traffic is crowded, land resources are scarce, commuting costs are high, urban planning and land resources are increasingly integrated, and projects tod have grown in recent years, a model that maximizes land use while effectively reducing traffic congestion.
So it's a more representative model of urban development, more likely to be seen by the market as the next point of growth in commercial property. The advantage of the Tod project is that housing companies increase the value of regional properties through the commercial value of the transport property, and increase the project's premium capacity, while the Tod project also has a long development cycle, high upfront investment, and overall return.
The slowness of reporting and the complexity of spatial design and industrial planning, as well as the high demand for development experience and financial strength of development enterprises, make it possible for leading housing firms such as Huanko to develop the Tod industry as a completely new growth point.
In addition to the four large, one-line cities in the north, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Changsha, Foshan, Changchun, etc. have also become a major focus of Vanko's active outreach.
In the last two years, Todd has become the only area of focus for Huanko, in addition to city renewal. By mid-2021, Huanko had acquired a cumulative total of 49 Tod projects covering 18.3 million square metres of building space.
The watchtod project is the Shanghai Sky City project and serves as the first “tod model” complex in the Rainbow Bridge Business Area. The total area of the project is about 800,000 square metres, covering a variety of industries such as housing, malls and typographical buildings. The housing price is the region.
We believe that the company’s real estate business will be maintained at its current size over the next two years. At the strategic investment level, based on a change in policy and industry markets, investment strategies are constantly adjusted to keep the pace of the land, the value of the whole earthly reserve is being devalued, the industry is being kept low, and the principle of non-storage has been maintained, with emphasis on a “breed-out” investment strategy that does not depend on sales.
At the regional selection level, companies have moved from even and decentralized investments to better-performing and proven team-playing investments, with a focus around large urban urban twilight systems such as long triangles, beads, Kyoto and Chengdu, with strong and sustained investments in these regions.
At the land reserve level, companies now have sufficient land reserves to meet the development needs of the next four years, with a balanced distribution of land reserves across regions with a strong risk-resilient capacity, and high-quality land in hardcore second-line cities ensures the pace of decolonization and return of profits.
As the real estate stock market continues to expand, Huanko explores diversification to cope with changes in the industry. After many years of experience, new business transformations have begun to bear fruit, forming chicken ribs in several new races.
Businesses such as property management, long-term rental apartments, business operations, warehousing logistics, tourist holidays, etc., are organized around “city-to-city” service providers, which, based on the maintenance of residential development masters, offer diversified business opportunities for companies to grow in the future.
The "Triple Caravan" has developed together, with a strong industry leader, 3.1.1 and more than 30 years of development, pursuing good property services.
With 5.77% of the stockholdings, and a total of 62.89% of the voting rights of all the world's clouds, they have come from the Vanko Group's quest for “good goods” and the creation of a brand with a family name and a family name in the area of community space services.
This year, in October 2020, it was renamed the All-Men Cloud Space Science and Technology Services Company Ltd., which has developed for more than 30 years now as a leading property through continuous and innovative changes in the service and business models, and now holds 62,889% of the stock directly or indirectly held by the Vanko Group and is an absolute controlling shareholder.
The journey can be divided into three stages: (1) 1990-1999, the start of the Vanco property industry, which began at the Shenzhen Tianxi Garden in a multi-storey residential area, and the promotion of the establishment of the first Business Owners Committee on mainland China, the establishment in 1992 of the Huanco Property Management Company Ltd., 1996.
International certification of the Iso9002 third-party, becoming the country's first internationally certified property management company, in conjunction with the active piloting of the "Rhodan Village" sub-district in Shenzhen, has been granted property management authority. (2) Extension phase, 2000-2014: with the rapid expansion of Huanko throughout the country, the Huanco industry has also moved fast
In 2000, property management services for the Ministry of State for Construction complexes and residential buildings were contracted out, in 2001 they gradually withdrew from the Outer Space Project, focused on the Vanko internal project, carried out a nationalization layout, issued a “3+x” regional management model in 2006, and won the first place in the “China Property Services 100” enterprise in 2010.
(c) 2015-present, outreach phase: from 2015 onwards, the Vanko estate gradually liberalized its outer services and became the fourth largest shareholder in 2018, with which it formed a joint venture to build a business venture, expanding the public administration deficit. In 2020, the Vanko estate changed its name to the cloud of everything, operating through the three carriages.
The current strategic shift to new operations in the field of science and technology space will continue. 3.1.2, the Troika business system continues to evolve.
The service provider, and by means of an artificial intelligence network aiot and the process or bpaas solution, operates remotely and in combination in space to enhance the efficiency of space services for its clients. In the process of continuous business renewal and exploration and strategic implementation transformation, the company has developed three main business models, as follows:
(1) Community space services. To meet the diverse residential housing and consumption needs of owners and residents, companies provide a range of community space services, including residential property services, residential asset-related services and other community value-added services.
Residential property services: As part of the company ' s residential property services portfolio, the company provides basic property services mainly in the Vancry property industry, including cleaning services, order maintenance services, gardening services and maintenance and maintenance services to residential property owners or households. There are currently 105 large and medium-sized cities and special administrative regions (including China) in the country.
(Hong Kong) Services, 3490 projects. House sales and rental brokerage services: advertising lists of properties in the residential community managed by the company, in the company ' s physical premises and on the Tri-partite online platform, together with advice on housing information and transactions for owners and buyers
The company usually collects a commission from the owner, buyer, or tenant at the agreed fixed percentage of the contract value or monthly rent upon completion of the sale or lease of the house. The company also assists the developers in finding potential buyers for the unsold new house and collects a commission from the developers of the property at a percentage of the proceeds of the sale of the property.
Refurbishment of houses and beauty services: mainly renovating and renovating of houses and beauty and clothing of houses, third-party service providers of beauty and renovation services may hire a separate company to provide customer profiling and extension services as a percentage of the price of their products or services agreed in advance from third-party service providers in order to improve marketing efficiency
Commissions are charged to earn revenue. Space sales services: the company acts as a sales agent for property developers to assist them in the sale of unsold spaces, while the difference between the sale price and the scheduled minimum sale price will be used as commissions to the company.
Businesses and Urban Space Integrated Services provides property services and integrated facilities management services, development value-added services and urban space integration services to customers in businesses, government departments and other institutions.
The integration of services has led to the creation of a unique business and business space management brand and the development of a customer-centred centre, with more than 1900 service lines covering business complexes, writing buildings, science parks, schools, urban public buildings, urban renewal blocks, etc.
Property and facilities management services: property and facilities management services, including order maintenance services, cleaning and greening services, facilities operation and maintenance services, health management, integrated administrative services and protocol services, are provided through all-encompassing beams, and developer value-added services: mainly site management, pre-delivery support services, building renovation services.
The company is also working with property openers to explore technical solutions for different applications. Urban spatial integration services: mainly urban spatial governance, city-specific facility operations, and city resource consolidation. The value of this model lies in the application of systematic thinking and fine-tuning of process management in property management.
R, further deconstructing and regrouping the business modules in urban space would amount to a production and organizational re-engineering of public service in urban space. (3) aiot and bpaas solution services
In order to promote standardization, digitization and intelligence of space services and improve their overall capabilities and efficiency, the company has developed a series of remote space science and technology operations, including artificial intelligence network aiot and process or bpaas solution services.
bpaas solutions include, inter alia, enterprise tele-operation services and space tele-operation services.
In the second half of 2021, the cloud further expanded in size through mergers and acquisitions, acquired Sunjibo services at a total cost of $5,031 million in August (the owner of the original Sun City property service), and acquired Fukugi Bo's property at a total cost of $2,006 million in September.
The company’s real estate growth rate has remained high. With a strong brand reputation and quality of service, the company’s performance has been high.
In 2016-2021, the income of the cloud grew from 4.3 billion to 24 billion and the compound growth rate was 41 per cent. In 2021, the cloud achieved a combined operating income of 24.4 billion yuan, an increase of 32.1 per cent over the same period, of which 13.36 billion yuan, or 56.0 per cent, was generated by community space services, an increase of 22.9 per cent over the same period;
Corporate and urban space services earned $8.72 billion, or 36.2 per cent, an increase of 38.1 per cent in the same year; aiot and bpaas programmes received $1.86 billion, or 7.8 per cent, or 99.5 per cent in the same year. Overall, corporate income is driven mainly by the continued growth of residential and property services and facilities management services, accompanied by business management and smart city uniforms
Community space service operations are growing steadily. Community space services provide residential services and residential services under the community space services section.
In the last three years, there has been a rapid increase in the intake of community space-based consumer services, with residential operations accounting for more than 80 per cent of the total over the last three years, which is the core business of community service operations.As of the end of 2021, the customer satisfaction rate in the Vanco property industry remained high, with a collection rate of approximately 94.7 per cent.
The average property management fee for residential housing projects is $3.13/m2/month, and clients have a higher level of disposable income and a higher capacity to consume. The geographical distribution of corporate residential property services is now extended to more than 120 cities in 30 provinces, municipalities directly under the Central Government and autonomous regions of China, managing 2,823 dwellings.
At the end of 2021, the company ' s residential services in the first and second-line cities of Hong Kong and China accounted for 91 per cent of the total residential services, and 35 per cent, 20 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively, in the regions of East, South and North China.
70 per cent of residential property assets are of a higher quality. Figure 34: All-Cloud Community Services (CFS) account for more than 80 per cent of the core second-line cities, and figure 33: All-CROWD community services account for more than 80 per cent of the total.
Figure 35: Annual increase in the number and size of community service operations in All Clouds, Figure 36: Regional distribution of community service operations in all areas of management 2021: Businesses and Urban Space Integrated Services
With the strength of high-quality brands, adherence to the quality of services and industry-led technological capabilities, companies can provide a wide range of outsourcing management solutions that generate sustainable value for owners and users of business and urban spaces. Corporate and urban space integrated services include, inter alia, property and facilities management services, value-added services for developers, and urban space.
Integrating services, with 61 per cent, 35 per cent and 4 per cent respectively in 2021, with overall receipts dominated by property and facilities management clothing, with projects and numbers of facilities managed by commercial enterprises increasing from year to year, with more than 1,600 projects under management reaching 124 million on the construction side: steady growth in the value-added services operations of developers and demand for building repair services over the last three years
In the case of business and urban customers, companies are contributing to the provision of services to large corporate customers and developed cities. Business customers are serving as a priority sector, as of 2021 large-market financial service companies.
Resource management and operation of real estate urban services, resulting in classic urban resource management such as the Pearl Sea Yokohama and Shenzhen airports, figure 40: steady growth in value-added service operations by developers over the last three years (3) aiot and bpaas solution services
By the end of 2021, the company had reached 50 city service developers, property managers, and government clients.
For the last three years, the company aiot and bpaas solutions received 806 million, 1,034 million and 1,850 million yuan, representing 5.8%, 5.7% and 7.8% of total income, respectively, while the company bpaas solutions camp generated 806 million, 1,034 million and 1.8 billion yuan, respectively.
Figure 42: The Bpaas solutions service gross revenue ratio has steadily increased by 3.1.4. The Māori ratio has the potential to increase relative to its peers.
Māori accounts for 2,468 million yuan, 3,365 million yuan and 4.02 billion yuan, respectively; Māori accounts for 17.7 per cent, 18.5 per cent and 17 per cent, respectively, compared to 30 per cent for the mainstream counterparts, and the Māori rate for all the clouds is low.
In 2020, companies benefited from the Government ' s social security policy to reduce the impact of the new coronary pneumonia, which was partially eliminated in 2021. In order to further improve the quality of services, the company ' s continuous upgrading of services has resulted in higher service costs.
As part of the approach, the company’s increased revenue contribution from the aiot and bpaas solutions service blocks has resulted in a relatively high Māori rate of 21.2%, 24.6%, 29.9% over three years, and bPaas resolution services have lost up to 40% over the last three years.
Increased urban coverage and diversification of services to increase the Māori rate in the company as a whole in order to achieve scale effects, figure 47: The Māori rate in the bpaas service business has been increasing over the last three years.
The plan is to open the market in Hong Kong, China. For the first time, Huanko has separated individual business blocks. The number of listed companies in the country’s real estate industry is now 54, and a growing number of industrial firms are looking forward to rapid expansion through capital market forces. On November 5, 2021, Huanko announced plans to dismantle the market.
On 1 April 2022, Vanko submitted to Hong Kong the offer of a letter of offer to Hong Kong to be marketed on the Hong Kong main market, with Chinese securities, flags, and Goldman Sachs as co-sponsors.
At Vanko's 2021 performance meeting, it was stated that Vanko would not be listed with a focus on catching a capital window, that listing was only a node for the company to run the river from internal affairs to the industry to a public company. And, from a valuation point of view, because the current valuation is more rational, so there are thousands.
The cloud is now better placed, giving investors a better chance to invest at a time of relative rationality in capital markets. The cloud will be marketed successfully, bringing in domestic and international institutional investors, effectively strengthening the capital of the cloud, creating leadership in the industry, attracting and retaining talent, and providing more diversified financing for its business development.
Channels to enhance the competitive advantage of the cloud. 3.2, 10,000 latitudes logistics: the layout is expanding rapidly, rising to the status of indigenous leader.
With the growth of the Internet retail market, the electricity vendor’s retail and courier operations have been growing at a high rate of 13,09 trillion yuan in 2021, an increase of 11.3 per cent in the same year and an increase of 11.0 per cent in the same two years. The continued expansion of the Internet retail market has spurred rising demand for high-mark storage and storage.
In contrast to the high demand and scarcity of supply, the rent level of storage logistics continues to rise. In the context of rising consumption levels and rising consumption structures, the new coronary epidemic factors are being added, and new business models such as raw power suppliers, pharmaceutical logistics, community shopping, etc. will gradually become more widespread.
Warehousing logistics will rise to new growth points in sub-markets such as cold chain logistics facilities. Figure 48: Total national social logistics has been increasing for nearly 20 years. Figure 49: National retail sales are increasing year by year
Figure 50: The trend in the rental of logistics stores in the four cities up the north continues to rise 3.2.1, with a clear pre-emptive advantage, with the two core business lines leading the country as a whole.
Excellent logistics service providers. There are two core business lines available to clients: high standards of warehousing facilities and diversified cold-chain logistics services, which cover a wide range of electricity suppliers, couriers, manufacturing, etc. Figure 51: One-stop supply chain services in the cold-chain at 10,000 latitudes
3.2.2. The layout of the public fund-raising reits is expanding and new opportunities are opening up. The layout of the warehouse logistics network is further improved. In 2021, the core nodes were improved for logistics at 10,000 latitudes, with a cumulative management of 152 storage projects in 46 cities and cities, with 1,1.36 million square metres of leased space.
Me, the construction area of the new start-up project is 1.41 million square metres, of which 1.14 million square metres are new to the high-bid bank and 270,000 square metres are new to the cold bank. The operating income of the 10,000-latitude logistics management project increased by $3.16 billion, or 68.9 per cent, from the same year to the same year, by $2.06 billion, or 59.8 per cent; and by the same year, by $1.10 billion, or 89 per cent.
In 2021, the map was further expanded to include a logistics plot in Kunshan, Nanchang, and Chongqing, respectively, with a total construction capacity of over 210,000 and a steady expansion. At the same time, it brought in four strategic investors, such as the Singapore Government Investment Corporation (Gic), and the Leatsi, to provide resources and synergies for the company’s follow-up development and facilitate business entry.
Actively promote asset securitization, and new opportunities for public fund-raising reits. In June 2020, the first class reits product of the 10,000th Latitude Logistics - Affordable Assets - a 1st Asset Support Scheme in Logistics Repository was transferred to Shenzhen.
In April 2021, China’s first infrastructure public fund-raising reits project declared that the public fund-raising reits were internationally available, characterized by higher liquidity, relative stability of returns, and greater security, which led to a substantial drop.
The interest of investors and developers in the warehousing logistics industry has increased further. Two of the 12 Reits funds listed are currently in the warehouse logistics category. We believe that 10,000 latitudes are expected to benefit from the continued development of reits in the future.
Vanko Business is based on a nationalization set-up by the Indian Group, formerly known as Shenzhen Industries Development Ltd., which acquired 96.55% of the Indian stock in 2016 as the main business development and operation platform. In 2018, the Indian Union Vanko and Triwater Foundation acquired Kidd's share in the country for $8.365 billion.
20 business projects, expanding the business landscape. The Indian Group has more than a decade of experience in commercial property development, with four major “image” shopping centre products - “Impression City, Impression, Impression, Impression, Imaging City” and “Mega”, which combines Vanko Square to form the five largest commercial brands. There are currently 105 business management projects, all over the country.
More than 50 cities across the country, with assets of nearly 90 billion and management areas of approximately 8.75 million square metres. 15 new projects opened in 2021, with 1.35 million square metres of building space and 1027,000 square metres of planned and ongoing commercial construction.
The number of commercial malls was 98, with the commercial size being second only to Wanda and New City's top three industries; the business management sector received $7.62 billion, an increase of 20.6 per cent compared to the previous year, and was in the lead in commercial real estate management operations in the country; the rental rate was 95.3 per cent, and it was in the middle of the head business management company, with an improvement in the epidemic and an improvement in the efficiency of operating management, and one is in the future.
Queries, including commission management and lease operations; Chinese land use company shopping centre rental caliber, including rent and property management fees: New Town Holdings use rental income without tax, including rent, administration fees, parking lots, multiple operations and other sporadic administration
Revenue from fee management: The Lone Lake Group uses rental income, including rent, management fees: Vankoa's business income caliber: up to 1.40 million square metres, the cumulative construction area of commercial projects opened in 2021 was 11.39 million square metres, and new starters
2.07 million square metres of business and 4.01 million square metres of planned and ongoing commercial construction. Business operations generated $7.62 billion, an increase of 20.57 per cent over the same period, of which business projects managed by India generated $5.23 billion, an increase of 23.9 per cent over the same period, and the top 10 commercial establishments ranked by 10,000 were located in the core second-tier cities with rental rates.
More than 95 per cent of the total revenue is close to 50 per cent. Huanko Business now accounts for 26 per cent of the total commercial area, and there is an incentive for further growth in the overall size of the future when it is established.
Figure 59: A steady increase in revenues from the Huanko Business Project Focused on the Long Triangle, where light asset operations are growing rapidly. Huanco Business is now operating 18 projects in the Hang Region, which has essentially networked layouts and full product line coverage, of which 2021 were in
Shanghai opened three shopping malls, with several poles, such as Shanghai ' s 70 millionth Square, Shanghai ' s South Shojong Imaging City, Shanghai Song, Hangzhou Otsi Imaging City, Hangzhou West Creek Imaging City, etc., to further raise market shares and brand names through a strategy of deep-ploughing areas. In recent years, printing power has been low on asset management.
Tens of thousands of square metres, the punctuation project was opened in May 2021 in Shanghai River Imaging City. 3.4. Long-rented apartments: stable in size, supported by policies to develop space for long-rented apartments.
For the first time, the creation of a rental-purchased housing system and the development of a specialized enterprise with a housing lease as its main source of business were proposed at the workshop.
The Urban Notice for Accelerated Development of the Lease Market co-organizes the top-level design of the rental market, providing guidance in terms of encouraging institutional participation, increasing supply, tax incentives, financial policy, and strengthening regulation. The "Lease Purchase and Merger" proposal reflects the policy's favourable attitude to the development of the Lease Market.
The Ministry of Housing and Construction has conducted an open consultation on the Housing Lease Regulations (Application Draft), as well as regulating the market behaviour of rental enterprises, their operations and rent regulation, and the disruption of long-lease markets.
It's like a targeted fix to keep the market working well. Since the "19th", secure rental housing has come to the fore. The "14th Five-Year Plan" proposes to expand the supply of guaranteed rental housing. The 40-point urban plan provides for 6.5 million new units of guaranteed rental housing, making it clear that the construction of guaranteed rental housing is in 2022.
As one of the first real estate developers in the rental market, the rental of flats by Chief Huan began in 2008 with the construction of a rental housing project for low- and middle-income families.
In 2014, the Vanco team was set up to operate a rental operation, and in 2015, a product system, supported by the Vancos, the Vancos and the Inhabited Apartments, was created, followed by the start of a pilot long-renting of more than 1,000 apartments in several priority cities. In 2016, the offices of the heads of companies were integrated into the rental of apartments and integrated into the management of the residential brands.
In 2018, the rental business was established as a core business. By the end of 2021, the number of apartments had been divided into 33 cities across the country, with approximately 160,000 high-quality housing units and a cumulative service for 520,000 urban youths.
A variety of business development models have been developed in 2021, such as collective and self-occupied rental housing, urban renewal and micro-renovation of old urban areas, and cooperation with the government in the provision of human resources rental housing, process management export services, etc.
There is a clear increase in the capacity of a single integrated service, which provides a secure rental home, a talent dwelling, and a light asset management export service at health stations for many governments and enterprises. The number of assets served has reached 294, involving a housing source of 21,000.
In recent years, there has been a steady increase in performance, with industry taking a significant lead. Between 2017 and 2021, the number of open apartments increased from 30,000 to 1595 thousand, with a complex growth rate of nearly 49 per cent. By the end of 2021, 33 cities had been in the garage.
On 2 July 2021, the National Development and Reform Commission issued the Circular on Further Implementation of the Pilot Work of the Trust Fund for Real Estate Investment in Infrastructure, which explicitly provides for the inclusion of secure rental housing in the pilot industry.
Out, while the policy announced at this stage temporarily includes only secure rental housing in the bottom of the Reits asset, the scope of the reits pilot is expanding and it is believed that marketed rental housing will also be included in the range of reits. Rent housing and reits are naturally well-suited.
In particular, rental housing, which is operated on an asset-intensive basis, is characterized by large investment size, long investment return periods, sustained stability in cash flows and continued viability, and is one of the most favoured asset classes in the reits market. Reits can achieve a “breathback” of rental housing and provide high-quality rental housing projects.
It is also possible to increase the power of developers to develop rental housing, thereby increasing the supply to the market. For housing entrepreneurship, diversified operations are generally characterized by a "long return cycle and a heavy front-load of investment."
It takes a long time to nurture a steady return. In 2021, the income from the Vanko Real Estate business grew by 20.6% and the long-lease apartment business by 13.9%. It can be seen that the Vanko diversified layout is now well established, that the new course of business has outpaced the development field and that it will be the company's future development of new profit reservoirs and boosters.
4. Financial analysis: A robust liability and financing structure, profitable growth over time, a slowdown in deflation, increased price difficulties have reduced the profitability of enterprises: third is the impact of the transformation of diversified operations, large pre-possessions of holdings, longer return cycles, and the time required to demonstrate transformational effects.
In our view, with (1) the gradual de-engineering of low-cost, low-profit projects, the company’s real estate has fallen since 2017: (2) land market prices are expected to stabilize after the market has cooled and the space for premises has expanded: (3) diversified operations have matured into stable cash flows and performance growth: (4) more robust business style controls costs.
For the last two years, it has been contained within 6.5%, plus pre-reducing downwards, and the company’s level of profit over the next two years is at the bottom of price-limiting policies, the spread of local prices is shrinking, the profit margins of the industry continue to be squeezed, and the profits of the business as a whole continue to be depressed. In 2021, the average Māori rate for 14 heads of household was only 19.7%, and the net interest rate averaged 10.5%.
For the fourth consecutive year, it has remained relatively stable. Overall, the corporate debt structure is healthy, with three red lines turning green at the end of 2021, with a high credit rating and steady growth in performance with lower interest-bearing liabilities and sufficient cash flows. 4.3. Financial institutions have long been well-established, and the financing cost industry is low.
International rating agencies maintain corporate “bbb+”, “baa1” and “bbb+” long-term corporate credit ratings, with rating prospects of “stable”. Benefiting from lower corporate debt ratios and excellent financing years, corporate debt was concentrated in the first half of the year, with single-month debt financing of $5 billion in January, and was affected by spring holidays in February.
Since the beginning of 2022, the domestic financing environment for housing enterprises has continued to improve, with the company completing three successive issuances in the previous two months, totalling $8 billion, with a nominal interest rate of less than 3 per cent, and the issuance of $1.99 billion in corporate debt at the beginning of March, all for the purpose of project construction.
We make the following assumptions about the company’s operations and give a profit forecast: As a result of the continued development of local bottom-up policies, industry sales are expected to rebound in the third quarter of 2022, gradually returning to normal levels.
The company is a mixed-owned company with a country-owned background and a high turnover model, and we have selected five comparable companies for comparative valuation, all of which are leading firms with strong capabilities in diversified business. Given the company’s many years of business excellence, robust and sustained profitability, and a steady expansion of diversified business,
Well, we believe that there is a relatively larger room for growth in the performance of companies, with a p/e valuation of 8.8 times the 2022 profit forecast, higher than the comparable corporate average. Looking ahead, the industry as a whole is entering a fine business development phase.
Strategic investment visions, prominent branding influence, extensive boarding experience, robust risk management strategies, and multi-dollar business layout lead industry development. We believe that companies have incentives and opportunities to maintain their current size, add multiple policies to manage risks, sell and return less than expected, and logistics property, long-lease apartments, do not grow as expected.