Real estate, real estate development, vanguards, multiple pioneers. Over 30 years, the company's real estate development industry has been running through multiple cycles, leading the development process, with a high degree of national brand recognition. Sales are always in the top three, 2021.
At the same time, the company is actively engaged in diversified activities such as property management, logistics warehousing, long-term rental apartments, commercial property, real estate development, property management, 2021 (s0980050400006).
The demand for residential goods is 1.2 billion m2 per year, the industry does not shrink sharply, and real estate development is still a relatively broad track, and pole houses are expected to sustain growth. Short-term fundamentals are still not improving, and policy games will continue.
In 2021, revenues from housing operations were $429.9 billion, an increase of 7 per cent. At the end of 2021 q1, the total land reserves covered 147 million m2, still meeting the start-up needs for the next two to three years.
A 29% increase, Māori rate 17.4%; other business income has fluctuated in recent years at around R$3 billion, and Māori rate has remained at over 60%.
Warehousing and cold chain logistics, with cold chain storage being the largest in the country; rental of residential berthings and operating efficiency rates are at the top of the industry; commercial real estate is based on a stand-up printing platform that manages both the front and the top.
The “three red lines” remain green and the cost of financing has been consistently reduced to 4.11%. Valuation and investment proposals: the company is the leader of the estate, the pioneer of diversity, the backbone of the industry is solid and emerging.
The company was established in 1984 and entered the real estate industry since 1988, with its initial diversification and gradual focus.
To urban housing development, China’s real-estate industry has witnessed the process as a whole. In 2010, the company was the first to break 100 billion in sales, and since then it has been in the top three branches of the industry, with its capacity for development at the highest level.
Founded before 1984 in Shenzhen's Modern Scientific and Educational Instrumentation Centre; entered the real estate industry in 1988; the share conversion programme was approved and the first residential real estate project in 1990 was completed in Shenzhen Sky Garden.
In 1991, the company entered the Shanghai market, and in 2002 it became the regional headquarters of the South, the regional headquarters of the Shanghai region and the regional headquarters of the North. In 2010, it became the country ' s first home company with hundreds of billions of dollars in annual sales.
In 2014, the business partnership mechanism was proposed; the stock transfer was completed and listed in Hong Kong's joint stock transfer, and the Shenzhen subway group became the first shareholder in 2017 to support the company's mixed ownership structure for the first time in 2016.
In 2021, the world ranked 160th in the list of the world's 500th, and the strategic positioning changed three times, consistent with the pulse of the times, and since 2000, companies have been at the forefront of the industry in terms of corporate management and business expansion, the earliest in the industry.
These innovations form the basis for a firm’s long-term, rapid growth and, to some extent, affect the industry as a whole. Since 2005, the company has made three strategic shifts based on industry judgement and its own positioning, consistent with the times and industry’s pulse.
The first shift, the three good housing providers: in 2005, the company's forward-looking judgement that “housing development remains one of the most promising and spatially developed industries in the next decade” and that “the concentration of industries is a necessary trend”, led by “quality growth” within the industry;
The second shift, the silver age, seeks transformation: in 2014, it was the first to propose the “white age”, the era of rapid growth in industry was over, and it was positioned itself as a “urban accompaniment service provider”, in 2018, based on an understanding of the new era, “high-speed growth turns to high-quality growth”, and a “real estate return” was proposed.
(b) The third shift, with the Black and Iron Age stabilizing fundamentals: the company began to transform and diversify from 2014 and has developed more rapidly in the areas of property management services, warehousing logistics, commercial property and rental of housing.
In the face of the complex market situation and prospects for expansion, the company proposed in 2018 a “basis of stability” for the transformation of the equity structure and management team, which would guarantee long-term development, since the collapse of the equity boom in 2017 and the emergence of the Shenzhen Metro Group as the company's first shareholder, the company has continued.
The management team remains relatively stable for the long-term development of the company. The ratio is 27.89%. Under the relevant laws and regulations and company charters, the Deep Iron Group has basically veto power over most important matters, contributing to the long-term stability of the equity structure.
The firm’s position has declined slightly: by the end of 2021, as a core investment target for a share of real estate, the impact of changes in funds, policies, and fundamentals, and the average performance of real estate and the overall decline in institutional ownership.
It has the ability to maintain good corporate governance. The mature late track is still wide, the "fast turnover" is moving to the "slow age" and the mature late track is still wide, and the label house is expected to sustain growth.
China’s real estate sector boomed in 1998 with the introduction of housing reform policies. Between 1999 and 2021, the combined annual growth in sales and sales of merchandise houses was 21.0 per cent and 12.5 per cent. In 2021, sales of Chinese merchandise houses reached 18.2 trillion yuan and sales amounted to 1.79 billion m2.
The pace of growth has slowed considerably. In 2022, q1 was affected by repeated shocks from the epidemic, credit risks for housing enterprises, and the expected break-up in housing prices. Market confidence in commodity houses was low, with sales falling by 22.7% per year and sales falling by 13.8% per year.
From the stage of development, the real estate sector is transitioning from maturity to recession. Since market demand is largely due to the increase in the resident population of cities and towns, the increase in the per capita area of merchandise housing and the depreciation of the stock of merchandise housing, it is estimated that the total demand for merchandise housing in 2020-2030 was 13.1 billion m2, with 1.2 billion m2 still every year from history.
As a result, the industrial space is difficult to expand further, but the pace of contraction is slow, real estate development is still a relatively wide track, and the polehouse company is expected to maintain a certain pace of growth. Short-term fundamentals are still not improving, and policy games are continuing.
In the first quarter of 2022, industry data showed a poor performance. (1) Sales of merchandise houses were the same as -22.7 per cent, sales averages were the same as -10.4 per cent, and the decline in sales averages was not a structural consequence of the fact that the sales averages were not as good as the sales market on the three- or four-line basis, reflecting the widespread decline in sales by home firms; and (2) due to the slow recovery in external financing.
The housing sector continues to rely heavily on sales returns, which are affected by the downside of sales, with the same amount of financing available to housing enterprises increasing by 19.6 per cent; (3) the land market has not yet warmed up owing to the housing stock constraints and pessimism about future expectations; the development of real estate is largely dependent on investment in construction, while the impact of the epidemic, the size of new construction, and the continued vulnerability of 17.5 per cent, has been severed.
The scale of the epidemic has increased, affecting both the pace of construction and the opening of marketing sites, as well as increasing the sense of hope among homemakers and buyers. Although several cities, such as Chengzhou and Lanzhou, have introduced soft lending restrictions,
Initiatives such as lower mortgage rates have boosted demand for housing, and central banks have launched 23 financial initiatives, but the current level and scope of policy is still limited compared to 2014. The meeting of the Political Bureau on April 29 made it clear that the high-level attitude to real estate easing has moved from acquiescence to support, believing that “big drugs” will continue on the way.
Figure 16: Year-on-year increase in the cumulative area of new construction: Figure 17: Year-on-year increase in the cumulative area of completed construction
Long-term property finance diluted, low-leverage housing emerged from a combination of policy incentives to move down the wheel, but the underlying reason was the low risk resilience of the industry. The 2016-2018 industry peaked, and the housing industry pursued it.
As the internal and external environment changed in the second half of 2021, the three core conditions of rapid de-listing, flower financing, and free use of pre-sale funds were no longer in place.
High-leverage housing companies have paid a heavy price, and have been the target of recent central bank-driven M&A efforts. The fall of these large-scale housing firms has also led to a downward trend in the city’s share of large and medium-sized housing firms.
In contrast to other conditions that remain unchanged, the “slow-era” rate of degradation is reduced and a percentage of advance payments is frozen, housing firms are under downward pressure, but high-quality housing firms are able to secure the level of the roe through adjustments in net profit margins, repayment times, debt stock, interest-bearing leverage.
Compared to the same roe level, pb is likely to rise because total leverage (including hidden leverage) is lower, cash flow hunger is falling, and net profit rates are improving. In this round of trade shuffling, low-leveraging houses that have been at the bottom of the financial line are emerging.
Investment discipline or business habits, the size of low-leverage housing firms, dominated by the country, and the high leverage of the “black horse”, but as the land market returns to rationality and potential profitability improves, opportunities have been developed in a “slower” industry environment. Since the second half of 2021, China has seen a number of countries, such as China’s Ever-largest, South-centralized, Sunny City, Shigeki Group, etc.
The sales ranking of the private sector has declined, while the housing stock of the country's capital background has risen to the top of the 20th ranking. Figure 18: Three core conditions for fast turnover are no longer in place.
Sales are still resilient and brand recognition is high, although the real estate industry has entered the black and iron age, and the size of the company's developers continues to prevail. In 2021, the company started its business and earned $429.9 billion, an increase of 7 per cent over the same period, with home start-up revenues and gross profits, respectively, accounting for the company as a whole.
95.0% and 94.6% have benefited mainly from past sales, due to a two- to three-year lag in clearing revenue, as a result of the widely used future-room sales model, which has led to the conversion of the amount of sales contracted by housing enterprises. The company’s continued growth in revenue has largely benefited from past sales performance.
The company pre-empted the nationalization and brand recognition in a number of second-line cities. As early as 2003, the company was active in the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle, and the North-East, which evolved into the South and Shanghai regions.
In 2010, the company was formed into the Central West region. In 2020, the North West region was separated from the former Midwest region to cover Xinxi, Gansu, Xinjiang, Qinghai, and Ningxia. In 2021, the company was ranked in the top three of 43 cities, including Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, and Shanghai.
And the second-line cities of Hangzhou, Nanjing, Ningbo, Chengdu, Tianjin, Wuhan, Xian, Yutsu, Jinnan, etc. In terms of regional distribution, sales in the Shanghai and South regions of the company were higher and proportionally higher. In 2021, Shanghai, South, Beijing, Southwest, China, Northeast, West and South China regions
In recent years, the state has been adopting policies to regulate real estate, and the firm’s land strength has been declining. In 2021, the company added 26,67 million m2, valued at $18,5.2 billion, and its land strength at 30% of the sales value.
In 2022, q1, the industry fundamentals insisted on a balance of security and development, risk and returns. While the prices of land continued to rise across the industry, companies focused on investment markets that were more stable, with greater potential for development, and teamwork.
In 2021, the average land value of the company ' s additional earth reserves was $6942/m2, and the ratio of the premises to the average sales price of 2021 was 2.4 and remained at a reasonable level. q1 premises were reduced to 1.4 in 2022, mainly to a total of $5.7 billion in the newly acquired Shenzhen-south mountain area.
By the end of the first quarter of 2021, the company's total land reserves were 147 million m2 and would still cover the start-up needs of the next two to three years. In addition, the company was involved in a number of projects to upgrade the old city, according to current regulations.
Conditional, with a total capacity of about 5.35 million m2. 31 per cent of the year ' s plan, an increase of 5.6 percentage points over the same period in 2021; 3.1 million m2, completed year-round.
After more than two decades of rapid growth in residential development, there is a consensus that, in the context of the current slowdown in urbanization, nearly 40 m2 of housing per capita, and population ageing, the pace of growth has slowed. It is difficult to find a new business comparable to the size of real estate development, but we look at the company’s continuing ability to innovate, and we will find a star business that fits our abilities, and we will continue to do so.
Leading industry development. The company ' s current diversified operations, including property management, logistics warehousing, long-rent apartments, commercial property, and so on, are largely linked to real estate development. In 2021, revenues from corporate property services were $16.4 billion, an increase of 29 per cent over the same period, with a Māori rate of 17.4 per cent for pipeline services and a Māori ratio.
The first real estate project in 1990, the introduction of the Property Management Service, led and facilitated the delivery of the offer to Hong Kong on 1st. At present, it identifies the community (manufacturing property), the business.
(b) The Troika strategy for urban space (Change of Everything), which promotes the efficiency of space services for its clients, and the community (Hanko Industries): the rapid development of the area of third-party management that has benefited from the extensive and continuous delivery of residential space and branded beauty over the years by Huanko;
(b) Urban space (Change of Everything): the provision of the city's public space as a whole as a “big property project”, based on the advantages of both parties.
Urban spatial integration services, operating through marketization, to build a “new ecclesiastical circle” of urban governance. billions of m2, 38 per cent more than the previous year. In 2021, the All-Cloud Clouds earned 24.40 billion yuan (including intra-group services), 32 per cent more than the previous year; of this, the Community Space Service earned 13.36 billion yuan, or 56 per cent; business and urban space generated 56 per cent.
Services revenue of $8.72 billion or 36 per cent; alot (an artificial intelligence network) and bpaas (flow or services) solutions services revenue of $1.86 billion or 8 per cent.
In 2015, the company officially launched its independent logistics brand, “Manufactured Latitude”, to open the nationalization of its storage network; in 2018, the company entered the cold chain industry through the acquisition of the ancient cold chain, which is now a country of size.
By the end of 2021, 10,000-latitude logistics had operated 152 storage projects in 46 cities throughout the country, with a lease capacity of 1,136 million m2. High-marked storage: focusing on high-value storage investment sites, development, commercial operations, asset management, etc.
A nationwide network of high-mark storage facilities has been formed in the country’s core logistics nodes, providing customers with high-end, standard logistics storage facilities. In 2018, the company was involved in the privatization of the logistics giant Pros, holding 21.4% of Pros, China’s interests, and became the first major shareholder. By the end of 2021, the company operated and managed the high-value warehouse.
One project, with 54,000 m2, can be leased, and the Shanghai port high-pit project will be fully operational. Cold-chain logistics: the project covers first-line cities in the country and core inland ports with national, one-stop storage, trunking, distribution, etc. professional services.
Seven cold storage depots in Shanghai, Guangzhou, Nanjing, Chengdu, Xiamen, Xiamang, and Ningbo to accelerate the deployment of cold-chain logistics. By the end of 2021, 38 cold-chain parks operated by companies (including 11 dry-cooled projects) had a rental capacity of 1.38 million m2, with a 75 per cent rate of use during the stabilization period.
Four high-priced and five cold-chain park projects were opened in the Department, with a lease capacity of 392,000 m2.2 In 2021, corporate logistics operations (including non-scheduled projects) achieved revenues of $3.16 billion, an increase of 69 per cent in the same year; their middle-high-value pools generated revenues of $2.06 billion, an increase of 59.8 per cent in the same year; and cold-chain revenues of $1.10 billion, an increase of 89 per cent in the same year.
In 2021, corporate logistics operations achieved a total of NOi of 1.785 billion yuan, an increase of 54 per cent over the same period; corporate logistics as a whole, year q1, company logistics operations (including non-scheduled items) achieved revenue of 870 million yuan, an increase of 39 per cent over the same period.
The company began renting apartments in 2014, when the company’s city auxiliary service provider was in transition. Currently, the company’s largest central apartment provider, providing rental services to young people newly entering the city.q1, in 2022, the company’s new stock was over 6,000, and some 2,600 new homes were opened in Shanghai, Shenzhen, etc.
By the end of the first quarter of 2022, the company had set up 210,000 long-rented apartments, with a cumulative total of 162,000 open; the company's “loof” rental housing operation had been profitable at the cash flow level since 2020. In 2021, the company's rental of housing (including non-scheduled items) had achieved revenue of $2.89 billion, an increase of 14 per cent; and noi.
Commercial real estate: based on a printing platform, managed on a high scale, insisting on the importance of managing corporate business development operations, revenue, light asset exports are at the forefront of the industry, mainly benefiting from the acquisition of the Professional Business Property Development and Operation Capacity Platform, “Inkpower”, in 2016, and again in 2017.
By the end of 2021, the company had accumulated 211 projects (including 113 community projects (including 25 community businesses), with a total construction of 8.75 million m2 and a planned construction of 1.03 million m2 The business income from business projects managed in India was $5.23 billion, or 69 per cent, representing an increase of 12 per cent over the same business year.
The physical rental rate was 95.3 per cent, an increase of 4 percentage points from the previous year. q1 in 2022, operating income from corporate business (including non-comparable items) increased by RMB 2.11 billion, or 18 per cent, from the same year; of this, operating income from Indian-managed commercial projects amounted to RMB 1,420 million, or 67 per cent.
Given the huge financial investment required for the expansion of heavy assets, in the context of the shrinking of real-estate finance and the tight financial constraints of developing major industries, home-based firms with greater commercial power are testing models for the export management of light assets, which are intended to increase returns on a larger scale. The printing power under the corporate umbrella is ahead of market-based assets.
By the end of 2021, there were 42 export management projects with a total construction of 2.37 million m2, of which 32 were already in operation, and the company plans to continue to consolidate the advantages of small-asset expansion in commercial property, to increase its future by three young people, and to expand its management space by 80 to 1 million m2 per year of high quality.
In 2021, the company achieved business income of 452.8 billion yuan, an increase of 8.0 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit of 22.5 billion yuan, an increase of 0.6 per cent in the same year; and the mother ' s net profit of 1.43 billion yuan, an increase of 11 per cent in the same year.
Figure 45: Corporate business earnings and revenues associated with the same year's real estate development are generally lower and profit margins and triple-fee levels are more affected by changes in income structure. In recent years there has been an overall downward trend in profitability in the real estate sector, mainly due to the land market under the fast-moving mode
As a result of the delays in pre-sale and resale settlements, the settlement project in 2021 was essentially a plot of land acquired at a high price in 2017-2018. With the liquidation of the project and the industry’s lost track of the fast-moving model, the rate of Maori in the subsequent company’s real-estate development business was somewhat higher.
It is difficult to return to historical heights, but it will remain relatively stable. Moreover, the company’s investment earnings fell by $6.9 billion in 2021, mainly as a result of the impairment of some projects, individual equity investments, etc., in accordance with the equity law, resulting in a combined reduction in the net return to the mother of $2.6 billion.
Also affected by the downside of the industry, the company ' s sales rate rose to 2.8 per cent, although the company, as an insider, had extensive development experience and a leading operating management level, and the management rate continued to fall to 2.3 per cent, as shown in figure 48: Māori rates for the company ' s business type over the years
Figure 49: Companies ' calendar year sales rates Figure 50: Companies ' calendar year management rates Figure 51: Companies ' calendar year weighted roe
Figure 52: Composition of the company ' s roe for calendar years Figure 53: Share payments by the company for calendar years Continue to be “green” and the liability structure continues to be optimized. As of the end of 2021, the net liability ratio of the company was only as follows:
The three lines of red line have remained green at 2.6 times. Cash flows have performed well, and financing costs have been reduced. Companies have maintained robust operations, with a focus on financial security, with a net operating cash flow of $4.1 billion in 2021, which has been positive for 13 consecutive years. Good financial position, stable international.
Credit ratings, and credit endorsements by major shareholders of State enterprises to help them in the broader context of tighter financial regulation, figure 57: Net operating cash flows of companies over the years, our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
Taking into account the relevance of the company's clearing area to the completed area and the average settlement price, the company's real estate development and related business revenues are expected to be 466.4 billion yuan in 2022; projecting the progress of the settlement in the context of the company's sales, property management operations: taking into account the speed with which the company's property project has been completed and the extraterrestrial intensity of the third-party project,
Other operations: Other business income (logistic storage, commercial property, etc.) of the company is expected to maintain robust growth, property management: taking into account the cost offsetting of the cost of the newly delivered multi-mori and inventory floors, the PMS business is expected to operate at 83.0 per cent over the next three years.
Other business: In the light of recent trends in the development of diversified operations, the projected operating costs of other operations over the next three years Sensitivity analysis of profit projections: the company's development of real estate as its main business, its future sales growth and settlement pace will determine the growth rate of its future net profits. We divide profit projections into optimistic, neutral and pessimistic projections:
1) With optimism, the level of corporate revenue and Māori rates is different than expected; 2) with pessimism, the company currently earns 95% of the total revenue from real estate development operations, while other diversified operations, including property management, logistics warehousing, rental housing, commercial property, etc., account for a smaller share.
Prudentially, we estimate the value of the company’s real estate development operations using the adjusted present value method, supported by the relative valuation method, to estimate the reasonable value range of the company. Adjusting the present value method to estimate the value of the real estate development business: we use the hypothetical development method to assess the value of the project.
Three-year (2022-2024) average contract price for real estate sales is close to but not higher than the average contract price of 2022q1, with wacc at 8.25 per cent and the value added of the company ' s real estate development interests estimated on a precautionary basis at $58.5 billion.
Real estate development is valued at 58.5 billion yuan and ravps at 25.4 yuan. When the sales average and the discount rate for the next three years change simultaneously, assuming Wacc rises to 15% and falls by 20% over the next three years, property development is valued at $50.1 billion and ravps at $24.7 million.
In summary, an absolute valuation of the company based on the adjustment of the present value method was estimated at $25.4 per company, compared to a larger difference in the logic of the valuation of the Hong Kong stockholdings and a less comparable one, and we chose a share in the development of real estate, where the sales-scale industry ranked first in terms of the development of the home and the promotion of the business, the marketing industry, and the goldfield group.
For reference, the average dynamic pere of comparable companies in 2022 is 8.4 times the average, and we believe that companies, as industry poles, are leading, strategically sound, mature, with diversified outreach operations representing the cloud of everything, 10,000 latitudes of logistics, and Indian commerce becoming champions in their respective fields.
For companies to generate profit value, valuation levels should be closer to the same diversified business as those of better-developed merchants. Thus, we are 20 to 10.1 times higher than the average company’s 2022 dynamics, and 10,000 companies are growing rapidly as estate runners, pioneers in multiple exploration, strong master’s basics, and emerging businesses.
We use absolute and relative valuation methods to calculate the company's reasonable valuation, with weighting capital costs (wacc), average sales price of the company's marketable items, sales progress, comparison of relative valuations, etc. 1. We assume that weighting capital costs (wacc) have a very significant impact on the company's valuation, and we assume that there is no wind in the calculation of wacc.
The risk interest rate of 3.00 per cent and the risk premium of 7.00 per cent may still be associated with the risk of lower estimated or discounted values for these parameters, leading to lower values for the wacc calculation, resulting in an overvaluation of the company's valuation; 2. Our assumption of the average sales price for the company's marketable items is based on the average sales price of the company's floor plate q1 in 2022.
There is a risk of the company's valuation being overestimated on the assumption that the average price would be higher than the actual future sales price;
4. In conducting the relative valuation, we selected the pre-valued level of the nationalized layout and the sales scale of the company ' s stockholdings as a reference and assumed that the company ' s diversified business could bring valuation premiums, with the risk that the property plate would be undervalued and that the company ' s diversity would not grow as expected.
Our projections of corporate profitability are based on more assumptions, including assumptions about the growth rate of operating income, operating costs, running costs, sales costs, turnover taxes and additional, income tax rates. On the basis of a comprehensive analysis of companies, we have made relatively reasonable assumptions, but we cannot rule out partial estimates.
Not excluding the heat in some urban land markets, the sharp rise in industry credit risk and the risk of speculation among home buyers resulting in 1. Not excluding the risks of future company expansion, speed of sales, lower than expected average sales: 3. Not excluding the risks of company completion and lower-than-expected pace of settlement;
This does not exclude the risk that corporate revenue growth and cost controls in diversified business will not be as high as expected.1 It does not exclude the risk that the deterioration of the industry financing environment will lead to higher financial costs for the company; and it does not exclude the risk that poor financial management will lead to liquidity problems for the company.
It does not exclude the large decline in industry fundamentals and the undesired effects of policy easing, which have led to corporate sales failures, schedules: financial forecasts and valuations. Authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author