China National Airlines (601111) Transport 3-quarter performance pressure to raise additional funds to strengthen the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Incidents: China State Airlines released its 2022 Quarterly Report. In response to the gradual increase in the number of international flights by the State Council and the Civil Aviation Authority, the company realized a three-quarter recovery of $18.14 billion, i.e. 8.4 per cent, and a net return profit of $8.67 billion, i.e. a net gain of $8.79 billion for non-repatriation.
On August 12, the three-quarter resumption of several international routes was required, with the resumption of the Beijing-London, Shanghai-London, Beijing-Seoul, Beijing-Frankford, Beijing-Tokyo routes: from September 19 in Manila, Jakarta, Tokyo, Warsaw, Athens, Vancouver, Los Angeles, Toronto, and many other routes.
On 1 July, a total of 96 billion dollars was purchased by the national airline from Airfliers, of which $10.8 billion would be spent on the introduction of 22 aircraft projects and $4.2 billion would be used to supplement liquidity.
In the context of the gradual warming of the demand for international air routes for civil aviation and the volatility of domestic routes but the constant trend towards a general recovery, the State plans to raise additional funds to strengthen the fleet, improve the financial structure, and lay a solid foundation for the recovery of aviation demand.
In Europe, North America, where the country is taken together, there is a clear regional advantage. In 2021 and 2022, the capital airport’s summer and autumn route, with 70% and 71% of the country’s air traffic, was in a position of absolute preponderance compared to other aviation divisions.
Civil aviation is expected to return to the winter spring season, and the number of international flights is expected to recover further. The company’s position is excellent and its size is excellent. 1. China State Navigation (601111): loss of core profits by withholding remittances, South Air as a comparable company, 28 times higher than the company’s 2023 pe, taking into account its role as a national airline.
Loss of $17.8 billion, significant slowdown in the introduction of fleets, and high ratio of public business passengers to China ' s only flag airline, with a 20 per cent valuation of its yield quality (2022-03-31)
We are looking forward to the development of the civil aviation industry and the growth of the international airline market demand, which is expected to resume further in the winter spring season at the end of October.
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.