The company is the largest nuclear power developer and operator in the country and the largest participant in the nuclear power industry in China. It is the only platform for the ultimate integration of nuclear power generation operations of the controlling shareholder, Hiro, China. The main product is electricity. The company manages the share of the capacity of nuclear power plants in the country.
(1) As of 31 December 2018, China’s largest nuclear power provider was China’s largest nuclear power provider. China’s nuclear power plant was managed on 22 units, with a capacity of 24,306 megawatts and a capacity of 54.44% of the country’s total nuclear power plant on the mainland, the largest nuclear power developer and operator in China. Meanwhile, China’s nuclear power plant was built on 6 units, with a capacity of 7,434 megawatts.
The country is building a nuclear power plant with a capacity of 55, 30% and a market share first. (2) The company is committed to scientific and technological innovation and investment, focusing on technological and technological innovation systems, and is closely following developments in nuclear technology around the world in engineering research and development of hair and model products. The company's Great Ya Bay nuclear power plant is the first large commercial nuclear power plant in China to operate commercially.
The company continues to improve and upgrade its operating management, building on its experience with past repairs and other events. The company attaches great importance to nuclear safety culture and insists on “nuclear safety is above everything” and will steadily increase safe production.
The company has set up a complete nuclear emergency and disposal system and, through annual training and contingency exercises, has ensured that fast (4) companies in any case are the only platform for the ultimate integration of the nuclear power generation operations of the China-wide nuclear group, the controlling shareholder. The China-wide nuclear group has committed itself to China-wide nuclear power, with priority options, purchase rights and concessions for nuclear power operations within the China-wide nuclear group.
The company is one of the only three companies in the country with exclusive nuclear fuel import and export qualifications and has undertaken to provide all the supply and technical services required for the company’s nuclear power plants, from natural uranium to nuclear fuel assemblies. Yu Fang: Master of Financial Engineering, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined China in 2015.
In the six months following the report, this report has been prepared by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be treated as a customer by the recipient of the report. The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is consistent with the information expressed.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position, and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, and, if necessary, financial considerations.
You can consult with professional consultants on matters such as business, law, business, taxation, etc.