“Commercial + Bank” strategy advanced: on 24 March, the Employers Bank published its annual report 2021, which achieved year-round collection/ppop/repatriation net Employers Bank, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Enging Bank”) 1988
Year after year, China’s reform and opening frontier – Fuzhou, Fujian Province, with its high net non-interest income growth – led to faster growth. Thanks to the high rate of non-interest income growth, the city of 2021 was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2007.
The annual corporate growth rate of 8.91 per cent was maintained at a faster rate; net profits increased by 24.1 per cent over the same year; the first stock system approved by the State Council and the People's Bank of China for establishment was now non-interest net revenue of 75.557 billion, an increase of 26.73 per cent over the same year, representing an increase of 34.15 per cent over the same year.
Commercial banks, one of them, have now developed into cross-border and off-bound lines of 4.8 pct. Of this amount, net revenue from fees and commissions is $42.68 billion, an increase of 13.18 per cent over the same period; other non-net interest items have been added to the line, covering trusts, leases, funds, financial management, financial management, etc.
Futures, asset management, research consultancy, digital finance, etc., are growing at a slower rate than last year: mainly related to a lower-than-one net difference, a relatively slower scale. Strong, more than 500 world firms.
Optimize the structure of the asset and liability with a lower net interest margin than the previous year. The interest margin of the booming bank fell by 7bp to 2.29% on the same year in 2021, as a result of the policy orientation of the economy of the concessionaire, and the intense competitive deposit market.
The investment of high-yield credit assets is strong, and the average daily size of loans during the year is higher in interest-bearing assets than in interest-bearing assets, with interest-bearing rates, interest-bearing liabilities and interest-bearing liabilities falling by 4bp/02bp compared to the same year.
The liquidity b/h (millions of shares) management, “brows + comptoirs” are expected to cause more low-cost deposits to sink. It is expected that the net difference will remain negative, negative rates double down and real estate risks will be manageable.
The risk in real estate is largely manageable, with loans, bonds, non-targets, etc. going to real estate with a negative balance of about 1.65 trillion, or 1.34%. Of this, individual mortgage loans account for about 68%, mainly in the first and second-line cities and the economically developed core, with a higher risk.
Low. The overall risk is manageable and the risk coverage is strong. The risk coverage is double-edged, the risk coverage is high, even higher than the credit asset provision, and the full-calibre asset allocation is adequate.
“Green banks, wealth banks, investment banks” are three bright spots. They are guided by a shift toward “light assets, light capital, efficient” with a strategic focus on “banks and banks” and a focus on three business cards: “Green banks, wealth banks, investment banks.” Integrated and diversified operations are expected to move forward.
Green banks: Long-term farming, green gold brand advantages, full yield policy dividends. Green banking, early start, has built integrated services. By the end of 21 years, green finance had tianxy@dxzq.net.cn
• Wealth banks: the wealth management biosphere is improving, retailing aum, and growing rapidly. Companies continue to improve their own systems of financial management, trusts, funds, etc., and expand their co-industry in product creation,
(a) Cooperation in marketing channels: at the same time, the creation of an open wealth management biosphere provides clients with more diversified investment options. By the end of 21 years, retail customers aum aum au$ 2.85 trillion, an increase of 9.01 per cent;
Together with external institutions, we have created an “advertisement biosphere” that combines diversified tools to meet the needs of enterprises for investment, financing, trading, and so on. By the end of 21 years, non-traditional public financing balances stood at 2.71 trillion.
Investment proposals: the performance of the Brethren Bank grew brightly in 2021, the quality of assets continued to improve, and the “three business cards” were bright. Given the potential for non-interest income growth as a result of the continued growth of the comptoir-banking strategy, the company is expected to do so.
To achieve a lighter business model and a higher level of profitability. It is expected that in 2022 and 2023 the return to net profit and strategic positioning advantages and the high-growth attributes associated with the combined financial potential will be given to companies by a one-fold pb target valuation of 2022, corresponding to a share price of $33.31, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Figure 2: The 4q21 season net profit of the Episode Bank increased by 26.4 per cent over the same period. Figure 3: The performance of the Episcopal Bank was split by 2020, 2021.
The Bank of Engage (601166): high performance, and the strategy of comptoirs + bankers advanced further, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports: Employing Bank (601166): high performance, and the “Board + Bank” strategy is advanced in depth and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report objective and fair, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.