On 10 January, the Episcopal Bank issued a fast-track performance report for 2021, generating $221.4 billion, yoy+8.91 per cent (-3.1 pct); net return to the mother was $82.68 billion, yoy+24.1 per cent (+22.9 pct);
Benefiting from the low base effect and steady growth in harvests, 21 years of high and marginal \triangleright growth led to re-starting growth after six consecutive years of decline.
>The negative rate has risen since 2015, and the asset quality has been further optimized. The negative rate has fallen and the lending ratio has risen, with a significant increase in the provision coverage over 21 years and an effective increase in the security margin, setting aside the remaining gold reserves for future profit release.
The year-round growth in loans continued to be higher than the overall asset growth, reflecting a stronger \triangleright credit delivery capacity in a context of relative weakness throughout the year, and asset optimization was expected to have a positive effect on the improvement in net interest differentials.
Investment proposal: The higher-than-expected rate of profit led to a steady recovery of roe, which maintained excellent asset quality and continued \triangleright 1 profitable, \roe rebounded
After six consecutive years of decline, the profit improvement led to a sharp increase in profits, which rose further in the four quarters of the single season. The 21q4 crop and the 11.4% increase in net profits increased by 26.3%.
This represents a significant increase over the three-quarter period and is expected to result from an improvement in net interest differentials and the release of impairment pressure on assets.2 The quality of assets has continued to improve since then, and has been further optimized in the context of a relatively smooth expansion of asset size and a position in the industry.
The negative rate of decline in the build-up ratio has risen, with a higher rate of innovation in the provision of coverage. In 2021, there was a significant increase in bank provision coverage, ranging from 49.9 pct to 268.73%, up from 2014, with an effective increase in security margins, leaving room for future profits to be released.
11.7 per cent, higher than the total asset growth rate of 2.7 pct, demonstrated a stronger capacity to channel credit and optimize the asset structure against a background of relatively weak demand for social inclusion, which is expected to have a positive effect on the improvement in the four-quarter net income gap. In addition, the successful issuance of 50 billion yuan in debt swaps and the increase in capital adequacy during the four-quarter period was accompanied by a solid foundation for further expansion of asset size.
Figure 5: Bank lending in 2021 grew faster than total asset growth The higher-than-expected growth in profits led to a steady recovery of Roe, the maintenance of excellent and sustained asset quality, and the achievement of a better and better asset structure, net annual pb, first-time coverage, with a “recommended” rating.
Economic activity is not as good as expected; poor classification policies are becoming more stringent; business practices are risky; company financial statement data projections are aggregated; methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is accountable for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.