Events: Exact performance reports issued by the Episode Bank, which achieved pre-harvest/rearmarking/repatriation net profit in 2021
Net profits have been growing at a high rate, and profitability has increased further. In 2021, the Episcopal Bank was established with the approval of the State Council and the People’s Bank of China, and in 2007 it was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
One of the first stock-based commercial banks has grown into a 6.73 per cent increase in profits on a year-on-year basis, a 1.22 pct decrease compared to the previous three quarters; or a cross-border and off-line combination of trust, leasing, leasing, etc.
On a high base in the last four quarters, net profits grew by 24.1 per cent over the previous three quarters, up from modern integrated financial services groups such as funds, treasury management, futures, asset management, research consulting, digital finance, etc.
Loans have grown steadily and interest-bearing assets have been optimized. By the end of 2021, the remaining balance of bank loans was $4.43 trillion, an increase of 11.66% compared to the end of the previous year; credit lending throughout the year was largely in line with expectations.
The ratio rose, interest-bearing asset structure improved, contributing to higher rates of return on interest-bearing assets and a steady spread in interest-bearing assets, a double drop in asset quality and a sustained improvement in asset quality. At the end of 2021, the balance of non-performing bank loans from the booming banks continued to move forward with the “bank-plus” strategy, with broad prospects for transformation.
Investments, big capital, big wealth, to the “Tour Banks” and to the “Boards + Investors”, have always insisted on long-term panels to drive public and retail business with a stronger investment portfolio, with a combined financial service of hundreds of millions, leading the industry. The transformation of the “Board + Investor” strategy is in line with industry trends and is geared to direct enterprise development.
Depending on the need for financing and the need to manage the wealth of the population, the potential for non-interest-based income growth generated by the continued growth of the comptoirs+ investment strategy is expected to be doubled in 2022 and 2023 from net profit returns to the high-growth attributes of strategic positioning advantages and combined financial potential.
The 2022 pb target valuation, which corresponds to a share price of $33.6, maintains a “strongly recommended” rating.
East Hing Securities Co. reported a high performance and a good asset quality: 24.1 per cent increase in net return profits in the year 2021 by the same year.
Figure 4: Bank provision for the booming industry rose by 49.90 pct to the source of the financial boom in the east in late 2021.
Business Bank (601166): high performance and good asset quality. Master of Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, United Kingdom. Years of experience in banking, scores in gold securities, sea-ton securities, Skywind securities banking.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.