A voluntary increase of nearly $400 million in the core cadre is both a matter of confidence and determination.
The voluntary purchase of 6.9329 million shares of the company’s shares from the second-tier market and the large increase of the core cadres of each RMB in the paid-off price range have shown confidence. The 16.932 million shares, equivalent to the free flow of the booming banks, have been relatively rare in history, highlighting the strong confidence in the operation of the booming banks.
It's not an incentive plan. It's like an incentive plan. The core workforce buys it voluntarily with its own funds.
Equity Incentives schemes, but the signal is more important than equity Incentives. “Some heads of subsidiaries, branches and head offices”, who are not top managers, are directly responsible for the performance of lines, branches, subsidiaries, and companies, whose enthusiasm has a direct push for business performance.
Bank of Episodes: Performance is rising again and assets are of better quality - performance in 2021 was quick to explain in detail that the conversion of debt into equity was a major event in 2022 and was imperative. As at the core level of the Bank of Episodes, as of 21q3,
The capital adequacy rate of 9.54% is a minimum requirement of 8.25% space for banks of national systemic importance, with 129bp. Unite to achieve it with a high quality of business.
The potential of the \triangleright “Boards + Investments” model has been demonstrated; the time of co-workers and investors' endowments or wills to win over the management of great wealth; capital constraints to promote the willingness to convert debt to higher equity; and the low and poor revenue base in 2021.
The willingness and potential to release performance is strong in light-loading; the core cadre has voluntarily increased by nearly $400 million, which represents a positive net profit increase of 17.4 per cent, 19.4 per cent and a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.