Summary of the annual report: Employing banks increased their net profits by 24.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2021 by 13.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, other non-interests by 5.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis and operating income by 8.91 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Not bright, not bright, not bright, not bad, not bad, not bad, not bad, not bad, not bad, not good, not good, not good, not good, not good, not good, not bad.
Profit growth was among the highest in comparable industries, with a sharp increase in non-interest income The booming banks achieved 24.1 per cent of net profits in 2021 (vs in the first three quarters, +23.4 per cent) and accelerated maintenance of the equity front line levels, prompting increases of 1.32 per cent and 0.12 per cent, respectively, for the year.
Improved asset quality, provision for continued contribution performance with 67 billion impairment losses and downtime of generation throughout the year, tracking down the quality of public real estate assets.
The increase in the ratio is related to credit card default adjustments and real estate pressure, and we believe that the overall quality of assets can be controlled in the context of property security policies and firm prudence, and suggest tracking the quality of real estate sales data and of public real estate assets.
Taking into account the impact of the company's external performance on the Chinese harvest and the improvement in the quality of its assets, we're going up the line.
Optimization 20210506 Downwards in the economy result in a deterioration in asset quality and financial regulation exceeding expectations.
Among these, net interest income increased by 1.51 per cent over the year and net fees increased by 1.32 percentage points per year. Total assets grew by 8.98 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, total loans by 11.7 per cent compared to the beginning of the year and total deposits by 11.7 per cent.
The profit growth rate has remained comparable to that of the industry, and the provision continues to be making a positive contribution The boom bank achieved a 24.1 per cent rise in 2021 in net profits (vs in the first three quarters, +23.4 per cent) and maintained the equity front line at an accelerated rate, leading to increases of 1.32 per cent, 0.12 per cent to 13.94 per cent, and 1.02 per cent, respectively, for the year.
The rate of increase was further higher than in the previous three quarters (+8.08%, yoy); as the quality of the assets improved, the provision continues to be making a positive contribution performance, resulting in an annual impairment loss of $67 billion, a decrease of $8.4 billion, or 11%, compared to the previous year. Of this, loan and non-lending losses increased to 34% compared to the non-interest ratio of 2020, while the volume of off-site public/retail sales grew faster than the scale of the table, respectively.
In terms of revenue collection structure, the growth in non-interest net income/interest income of EBs in 2021 was 26.7 per cent/1.51 per cent in the same year, contributing to a slowdown in 2021, but still at a faster rate. Of this, the core portion of financial operations and retail wealth sales/llows/hosts/bank cards and payment settlements was 63.3 per cent in 2021; the agency ratio was raised to 15 per cent.
Other net non-interest income increases by 50% over the same year, mainly because companies take advantage of market interest rate phasing opportunities, and the return on transactional financial assets associated with bonds increases.
In the second half of the year, the retail loan increase was 70% of the non-multated loans; in the public sector, the hydropower heat gas, the manufacturing sector, and the electricity and water supply.
More, real estate has declined, benefiting from corporate-rich products and deposits deposited as a result of a “liquidated” bank strategy. Bond issuers grew by 1.7% over the bond issuer, peer-debted circles improved end-of-end costs and asset end-of-end returns slowed down.
The year-round interest spread of the booming banks fell between 7bp and 2.29% compared to 2020, and the end-of-the-debt cost rate fell less (2bp) than the asset rate of return (11bp), but the trend shows a slowdown in asset end-of-the-end rate of return. We believe that the reasons for the improvement in end-of-the-debt cost ratio are: (1) the company ' s emphasis on the sedimentation of low-cost settlement deposits, the increase in demand deposit ratios, the decrease in the cost of deposits by 4 bp to 2.22%; (2) the company ' s cost of deposits fell by 4 bp to 2.22% on the same basis;
Continued pressure on cost-intensive structural deposits, coupled with increased issuance of joint certificates, with a new interest rate of 2.71 per cent; and (3) a relatively high share of market-based liabilities in the corporate end-of-debt structure, which benefited more from the fall in market-funded interest rates in 2021.
The 4-quarter-by-quarter negative ratio of banks to 2-bp below the 3-quarter decline from 15-bp to 1.10 per cent at the beginning of the year has fallen to the lowest level of water in recent years, and absolute levels have also been relatively low among listed banks. The company ' s 4-quarter interest group loans account for 17-bp to 1.52 per cent at the end of the year compared to the end of the six-month period, and the increase in delays and interest in lending is mainly affected by defaults by a small number of real estate firms and credit card default adjustments.
It has been made clear that we recommend tracking real property sales data and the quality of public property assets, given that the property policy and the company ' s prudential determination are either actual or limited. Our estimate of bad caliber generation at the beginning of the 2021 period is 1.08%, down from 78bp in 2020.
Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. An ambitious view of economic development affects the business and profitability of the real economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Financial regulation is over-expected. Since 2021, regulation of hidden government debt and real estate regulation has intensified, while continuing to direct banks to the real economy, but if financial regulation is expected to over-market, it will affect the performance of banks’ profits.
Income statement (Billions of yuan) Main rate (Billions of yuan)