Shinjiyama, coal-cooled, cylindrical energy (601699.sh)
According to Wind, the average price of a coal-blowing board was $1806.29 per ton, an increase of 30.37 per cent in the same year; and the average price of primary metallurgical coke for long-control.
Market data: 31 January 2023: 5.06 per cent increase in year-on-year; company active implementation of increased coal production, further release of high-quality production capacity, coal circulationa share/total equity (billions):
In 2022, q4 blew coal at a very high price, and in 2022, q4 sprayed coal at an average price of 1947.83/tonne, and the ring rose by 19.75 per cent over q3. At the same time, we measured that the coal-coal steel industry had a better view, that the company's coal products had increased in volume and that the company's performance had increased.
Coal wells (of which nine level I advanced energy wells) produce an average of 3 million tonnes per year. Currently, the growth in the capacity of Black Dragons, Chilin Mountains, new friends, and warm estates has continued, and the construction of the upper coal industry has increased in scale.
Intra-company growth capacity surged after approval by the CDRC, and resources for mining suture areas such as Ouyang were advanced: in addition, according to the Group’s debt rating report, the group owned 36 coal mines, Yang Lilong
With a capacity of 87.8 million tons, the future maturity of conditions can also inject into the company, allowing the company to grow out of reach. The Department’s capital spending has been modest in recent years, with three-quarterly reports of construction-in-progress falling by 38.24% on a year-on-year basis, and high corporate dividends are expected to continue when coal prices remain relatively high and profits continue.
Liu Guijun, macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected: the risk of an over-expected downside of coal prices: the risk of production: the risk of an increase in production capacity is not as high as expected.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.