The year-round performance has grown significantly, with attention to the elasticity of blow-outs, and the radial energy (601699.sh) on 19st of 2023.
Investment ratings: Purchase (maintenance) • Significant annual growth in performance, focus on coal blowing elasticity, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings Annual performance reports issued by companies expected to achieve a return net profit of around $14 billion in 2022
In mid-q4 the net profit of the mother was 4.73 billion yuan, and the ring grew by 38.4 per cent in 2022.
● The price of blow-out coal has risen sharply, and the company's performance has increased substantially: in 2022, the company further released its high-quality production capacity, with the company's original coal production/commodity sales of 14.26 million tons, the ring ratio - 6.5 per cent/+12.2 per cent, and in 2022, the average price of blow-out coal was 1825 yuan/tonne.
In January of that year, the price of coal blowing in the city was 2047 yuan per ton, and the price of coal blowing was rising. Compared to the price of the main coal burning, the price of the main coal burning in the port of Jing Tang was 2593 yuan per ton in 2022, the ring ratio was -0.3 per cent, as the coal blowing could partially replace the coke, and at a high price of coal processing, the cost of steel production could be reduced, with blow-out technology.
The demand for blow-ups has gradually increased, with prices reaching a full year high in q4. At the same time, about 60% of corporate power coal is chemical and construction coal, with a high market share of coal, and the company’s performance continues to be released.
• Future production capacity is still on the rise and downstream demand improvement is expected to lead to sustained release of coal blow-up: the company has two technologies to transform the mine, the on-shore coal mine (0.9 million tonnes/year) will go into joint commissioning in the first half of 2022, the production is expected to reach full capacity in 2023, and the mine (0.6 million tonnes/year) is expected to be released in 2023
The production of the coal mines of Ida, Black Dragon and Chilin has continued to increase, and future capacity will continue to increase. On downstream demand: currently, the property “three arrows” have gradually landed, and Deputy Prime Minister Liu has once again reiterated his call for a high price of coal and demand.
Real estate is the backbone of the national economy, and real estate continues to be an important catcher for expanding domestic demand, and demand for real estate is expected to change.
The company’s performance as a domestic coal-blowing tap company is expected to continue to release. – The company’s report on the forecasting points 2022.7.14.