Year 2024: 2024q4 performance meets expectations.
▪ 2024q4 performance is on track, with a steady increase in the yield ratio. At the pick-up end, 2024q4 quarter public revenue continued to outpace the growth in global automobile sales, reflecting the company’s increasing rainbow inhalation as the global engine of car glass.asp On the other hand, the company’s 2024 car glass.
The unit price per square metre was $229.11, an increase of 7.45 per cent over the same year, mainly due to continuous adjustment of car glass products, transfer of packing costs from sale costs to operating costs, reversion of the percentage points of post-calibre companies, where a significant decrease in the sales cost ring ratio was mainly due to the cost of packaging, and financial costs.
The decline in the cost ratio is mainly due to the effect of the four-quarter exchange gains. In terms of the net return, the public sector achieved a net return profit of 2,019 million yuan in the first quarter of 2024q4, an increase of 34.32 per cent over the same period, the ring was the global leader in the car glass industry, and the share increase + the growth of the bicycleasp contributed to the company’s continued growth.
Glass of Favour (600660): in the third quarter of 2024, 1) share: global industry patterns are concentrated, with three major competitors in the industry reporting ratings: 2024q3 performances in line with expectations, and steam.
The level of profitability is low, capital spending and business expansion are low. And the bountiful industry is far more profitable and is in the third round of capital spending, with the subsequent expansion of production in the United States, the Fuqing export base, and the Foyosa fertilizer base, among others, releasing the company worldwide.
The share is expected to increase further. 2) In the case of bikesasp, as car intelligence continues to develop, the functionality of the car glass continues to upgrade, the front of the hud, the panorama (integrated plating) report points: 2024q2 performance, the carbone.
Increased penetration of high-value-added products, such as membrane, radiating, etc., double-story windows, continues to drive the growth in the value of the industry and company bicycles.
Three major financial forecasting tables for Fukuyo Glass have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.