Glossy Glass (600660) car, high-value-added product share up, asp sustained growth, Southwest Securities Institute
Events: Annual company report 2024, which achieved business income of $39.252 billion, or +18.4 per cent, for the year as a whole; rules of calculation affecting the Māori rate, with total profit rising continuously. 24q4 Māori 32.1 per cent, compared to -4.4 pp, ring ratio 6.7 pp, mainly due to sales from sale costs to operating costs,
This represents an increase of 39.1% over the same period in the previous year (i) the exchange loss of 24.284 million yuan, resulting in a decline of 393 million yuan in total profit on a year-on-year basis: (ii) the share of high-value-added products increased by subsidiary Fysam, whose long-term asset impairments are expected to increase.asp continues to grow as automobile intelligence evolves.
The new features were integrated into the car glass, with higher value-added product penetration, which led to an increase in company ' s capital. 24 years of company ' s car glass, which was $229.11 per square metre, +7.5 per cent by comparison, the intelligent panorama, silhouettes, glazing glass, head-up displays of glass, ultra-segregated glass, light-quantized glass, plating membranes for heating.
The share of high-value-added products, such as glass, steel-coated glass, continues to rise, with the same ratio +5.02 pp, and the trend of motor motorization and intelligence continues to drive market expansion. Taken together, as the share of high-value-added products increases, it will drive companies to keep up with the ratio of high-value-added products and Māori.
The industry is characterized by a high concentration of oligopolies, with companies expanding their customers through a stable supply chain and cost advantage. According to the volume of goods, the company has been expanding its production capacity for 24 years, with its business focus, profitability, cost control, research compared to competitors.
The advantages are evident in terms of inputs, which are expected to grow steadily, driven by economies of scale. For 24 years, the United States has achieved $6,312 million in revenue, compared to 13.3 per cent, a net profit of $627 million, compared to 26.9 per cent, and a net interest rate of 9.9 per cent, compared with 1 pp, and business efficiency has continued to improve.
Q2 performance over-expected and continued increase in profitability (2024-07-31)
Assumption 1: Benefiting from an increase in the penetration rate of smartness, higher value added products such as skyscreen glass and hud glass have increased, and brought to companyasp a continuous upscaling, with 238/249/0m in 25/26/27; Assumption 3: improved operation of overseas plants, with a narrow loss rate for Sam.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.