I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I didn't know you were here.
It's not like I'm the only one in the world who's got it.
#thecondcurve#lower-than-expectedearningsaults
#integrationevent: goerekdisclosed the"riskwarningannounments"onnovemer 9,2022,andreleasedthe"announcementonotherviewofforceforformance"
Forestfor2022"ondecember3,2022. marketdata to herasonforthechangeingoertek'sperformisthatoneofthe
The company's incorporated by nomorethanmb3.3bnthisyear, and the otherelateddddirect
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
goertekpromotedtheflow-upsoltionofelevantmatters, and other cooperativeproductsiormormatoration.afterthebovematters, the
The company'smanageteamactivelyresponded, maintaishedclosecomunificationwithcustoms.athesametime, the companyactively perfectlyvenmentdiscoveries.
"Golents" (002241); 2022q3 Quarterly Dot.
1) in2023,chinese, japaneseandamericancustomswillreasenewvr products, whichisexpecedtodrivethegroveshofshipmentsin2023.basedon: pressure in the second half of the year, long-term trend unchanged)
Differentfactorsinthelong-run, vr/arhardwareshipsareexpededto continuetogroveinthentechnews; 2) gameconsoleshipsand Göle Holdings (002241).
We're not going to be able to do that, but we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it.
We've got a lot of work to do. We've got a lot of work to do. We've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do.
Netprojectfor2022-2024srm1.9/3.3/4brespecively.thevr/ar brokeragelicedwouldliketo indexingaperiodofrapidgroth, and thecompanyisexpedto
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We've got to get out of here, and we've got to get out of here, and we've got to get out of here, and we've got to get out of here, and we're gonna get out of here, and we're gonna get out of here, and we're gonna get out of here, and we're gonna get out of here, and we're gonna get out of here, and we're gonna get out of here, and we're gonna get out of here, and we're gonna get out of here, and we're gonna get out of here, and we're gonna get out of here, and we're gonna get out of here, and we're gonna get out of here.
These are: lower-than-expectedvr/arindustrydevelopment; salesofother and jingjin (gold crystals). Productsmissations.
Gore shares (002241.sz) Event review: issuance of performance pre-advertisement amendments, other outputs
Keywords: # Second Curve# Performance Not As Expected #Integration # Issued the 2022 Performance Advances Amendment Proclamation.  The suspension of specific projects by large offshore clients affected performance in 2022: a major offshore client informed the company for the time being
The suspension of production of one of its smart acoustic whole-time products, based on the impact that the product is currently not expected to resume production within 2022, a reduction in revenue of no more than 3.3 billion yuan in the current year and a direct loss of about 900 million yuan (loss of direct profits, production lines resulting from the suspension and employee wages, etc.), and based on the fact that
▪ Actively promoting follow-up, with other products from large clients working together normally: while actively fulfilling the relevant letter disclosure obligations, the management team is active, maintaining close communication with clients and promoting follow-up on related matters; the matter relates only to a particular smart acoustic whole-time product, the company and the company.
Cooperation between the client ' s zero components (sonics, microelectronics, precisions, etc.) and machine operations (earphones, sound boxes, etc.), in addition to the products of this section, is well under way and creates strong competitive advantages and barriers based on years of in-depth cooperation and technological accumulation.
▪ We continue to take a firm view of the firm's long-term trend: the firm's 4+4+n zero-sum strategy of deep-farming, building up its core competitiveness in new and emerging areas of smart hardware, such as viewable, healthy, hearable, home, and the future is still within reach! 1)vr logic is expected to continue to deliver over the next year.
The Chinese-Japanese and US clients have been intensely publishing vr new items (p and s clients with high growth certainty, m expecting to dissipate "George shares" (002241: 2022q3 Quarterly, new F-rated items) and are expected to boost the volume of new shipments next year, long-term based on domestic and foreign vr students.
Assessment: During the second half of the year, pressure, long-term trends remain constant, and vr/ar hardware output is expected to continue to increase over the next few years due to a number of factors, such as improved performance, expansion of the application landscape and more technology giants; 2) other product lines still have certainty increases
Single: The volume of games and the share of companies continues to grow, big domestic customers are smart-dressed, Gore shares (002241); integrated core competitions, both future collections and profits will make a significant contribution.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: short-term company performance amendments result from a secondary effect of the suspension of the big customer headphone project, and we adjust the 2022 profit forecast based on direct loss and impairment loss of assets
Measuring, and carefully adjusting, the share of headphone projects over the next two years and collating the Māori ratio assumption, the perceived long-term trend in industry and the support for professional research and analysis of nuclear reports that companies have accumulated sufficiently in a variety of new intelligent hardware fields,
With competitiveness in mind, we continue to look at the future growth of the company and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
I have presented this report with diligence, independence, objectivity, and all the views contained therein accurately reflect my personal views on the securities or issuers mentioned; my specific suggestions or views contained in this report are past, present or future, regardless of whether they relate directly or indirectly to my remuneration.