Use of Friends Network (600588) 2023 last quarter performance rating q3 revenue cut-off point and cloud performance indicators improved significantly 6 November 2023
Events: The company ' s operating income for the first three quarters was $5.708 billion, an increase of 2.0 per cent over the same period; net profit for the parent, deductions from net profit for the parent, losses of $1.030 billion, and net profit for the non-subsequent parent, respectively, losses of $1,136 million. The q3 operating income for the company, q3, income cut-off point, has arrived in the single quarter, and contract signing has grown well.
Of that amount, q3 quarter operating income was 2,338 million yuan, an increase of 13.6 per cent over the same period, and revenue was reversed from the bottom to the bottom. With the gradual recovery of the macroeconomy and the firm ' s progress on track under the new organizational model, contracts in the previous three quarters amounted to $5.34 billion, an increase of 10.3 per cent over the previous three quarters, of which q3 was an increase of 10.3 per cent.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company earned $3.948 billion, an increase of 11.3 per cent over the previous quarter, an increase of 9.3 percentage points over the first half of the year.
Business income amounted to $2,586 million, an increase of 6.1 per cent over the same period, and a decrease of 3.2 per cent over h1. Medium-sized enterprises, yonsuite, u9/8clud, etc., were contracted by a number of enterprises; micro and small enterprises received $348 million in cloud revenue, an increase of 25.8 per cent over the previous three quarters.
66.42 million new cloud service payers, 9.27 million clients, and yongpt has signed up a group of customers and has been further commercialized. In July, the company launched a large business service model, yongpt, with common capabilities such as semantic logic, content generation, multiple rounds of talk, knowledge questions and answers.
At present, companies have launched smart order generation based on yongpt, supply wind control, dynamic stock optimization, smart talent discovery, smart recruitment, smart budget analysis, intelligence.
Dozens of smart business-based models, including travel controls, code generation, etc., have been contracted out to a group of clients, such as China Group, Xu Engineering Group and others, and the commercialization of the model is expected to result in an investment proposal: the company ' s revenue cut-off point of 03 has arrived and the contract is gaining momentum and is expected to follow up.
At the same time, yongpt has contracted a group of clients, with commercialization: the “market index” of this rating system,a with a depth of 300 indexes; the three-board reference point for the new three. The funder is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk” and a “stable” investor is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.