oyyou (600588ch) inflaction pointappEARed, butstructural hold (upgrade)
Improvementally taketime targetprice yoonyoureported (28 cc) crossed 3q23resources: revenuewasrmb 2.3bn (+14%)
(previoustp yoy), inlinewithbloombergconsensusestimates, anddemonstratedan up/downside
Improvementfrom-5% yoydeclinein 1h23, thankstothegradualwearoffof currentprice reorganizationalimpact.3q23netlosattriabletoordaryshareholdswas
Chenasofware&itservices rmb 185mn; althoughitnarrowedfromthatofrmb284mnn3q22, itmissed consensosofalossofrm 138mn, whichweattributetothe4.3pptmisson
She, cfa gpm, whichcamenat 50.9% (3q22:49.9%). Weupgradestockfromsell to Holdgivenalkelybetteroutookonrevenuegrrowthanmarginimvation
In 4q23 with thewearoffofreorganizationalmpact, butoverallmacroandYetao entreprises'budgetpressretakestemetorelieve, andweawaitmoreconfrete
iv/sales(was6.0x) on 2023ereveue, inlinewiththeone-yearmean.wentaolu, cfa
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
1bn/162mnfor3q23, with general growthof 22%/61% yoy, improvingfrom-3%/+25% yoyin1h23. managementhighlightednewcontractualgrovethwasover 20% yoy
2023vs.-6% yoyin sharioldingstructure 5m23, andcumulativecontract valuationserviceprisesread
Rmb 3.0bn/1.27bnin9m23/3q23, up17/29% yoy, whichbothdemonstrated animprovementfundamentals, inourview. source: companydata
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
12-mthpriceperformance (26.2% Oftoralrevenue,-0.3 pptyoy). Weestimatearrrcontributionforcludrevenuetorealyoyataround 32%foryonyou (vs. > 60%for
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I've got 33% vs. - 8% forcsi 300ytd, and webeliethemarkethas pricedintheimpactoftheorganizationalchanges.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, growth, andweawaitmore decrevidencetobecomemorepositive.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlydirectordirected, relaidtothspefifectviewsextatanallypressed by report. besides, theanalystconfirstrhatneothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedthecodeofconduced by thehonkongsecurities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
It's not like I've been working on it, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycmbigm outperform mark-perform
"underperform cm internationalglobalmalketslimited cm internationalglobalmalmätslimited" ("cmbigm") iawholnyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, nyinvesssale uncenterandantegueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceonthe performanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderingassessoleverablemarketactors. andbigmcommendsthataverssssouldentlyvalulatepartualintureinvestments.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection, point-of-viewanalytical methodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something like this, but we're going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and by the way, I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about, either.
Thealysisnotsubject toapplicableresductionsunderfundinrules indicatedtoentaintyattheanalystisnotaffetedbypotentiaconfactorsointerestthatcourdbackofothereliabilityofothersreport.thisreportis infedfordedforstoritionsstately "majorusitutionalinvestors", asdefininedinrule15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this, but I'm going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, singarecipients should contact & bisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconventionwithotherport.