q3 short-term pressure on performance, long-term performance growth with a high degree of certainty
Incidents: 2024.10.25 The company issued a tri-quarter report in 2024, with a combined revenue of $4,073 million in the first three quarters of 2024, an increase of 1 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $1,052 million, an increase of 19 per cent in the same year and a net interest rate of 26 per cent for mothers; net profit withheld from non-repatriation was $1,044 million, an increase of 19 per cent in the same year.
o3 short-term performance pressure and net interest rate ring increases. 24o3 companies collect $1,232 million, a 7 per cent decline in the same year; the parent net profit is $326 million, a 2 per cent increase in the same year, the mother net interest rate is 26 per cent, and the ring is 1 pct higher; control leads to an improvement in the quality of business.
□: the net cash flow of the chingpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn operating activities has declined, influenced by factors such as the high base and the increase in slurry. 24q1-q3 Song Liang
The increase in slurry volume of 2024o3 is due, inter alia, to increased capital occupancy and reduced sales revenues. Net interest rates have performed well since the beginning of the year, benefiting from higher performance in new items on the market; ton slurry profits are expected to continue to improve as a result of the abundance of research and development pipelines.
The first in the country has been approved for listing, the C.I.P.D. Injection Reassembly has been approved for listing, the product matrix has been enriched, and the company’s performance has increased in 2024. Given the relatively high fourth generation of Q.C. in developed countries abroad, we expect the product to have greater potential in the market.
More than a dozen blood products and genetic recombinant products, multi-species research and development pipelines around rare diseases, such as haemophilia, immuno-deficiency and severe infection, recombinant human caragnosis factor 7 (rhfvia), skin, immunoglobin in the clinical trial phase of iii, long-acting recombinant human condensation factor viii
In 2023, 16 new slurry stations were licensed, and 76 slurry stations were operated.
The number of plasma stations in the country's 16 provinces/autonomous regions is 102, and the number of single plasma stations up to the second half of 2024 is 80. As new plasma stations become operational, companies will continue to climb.
The company announced its business objectives for 2024, demonstrating confidence in development. The financial budget report for 2024 showed that the investment proposal was that the planetarium was a leading domestic blood company, with 102 single-slurries as of 2023, with an estimated capacity of 4,000 to 5,000 tons of plasma to catch up with the international first-line blood products.
1. The company reports on the scale of the company’s operations. The company has a lot of pipelines, potential products are expected to be on the market, and we expect the company to lead both ways.
A “recommended” rating of 34/29/25 is maintained. (600161.sh): q2 performance growth is higher than expected, and demand for new items on the market is less than expected; product sales are less than expected; and R & D progress is less than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.