Company incident: the company released a three-quarters performance report before 2024, and earned $4.07 billion in business income in the first three quarters of 2024, compared to the same amount
With 1.28 per cent growth, the net return to the mother rose by 18.5 per cent on the same date; 24q3, with operating income of 1.230 billion yuan, and a further increase in the net interest rate of 24q3, with companies able to grow for long periods of time for blood products. For reasons such as price of products, cost control, etc., the income side, taking into account the base and the fluctuations in the short-term delivery channels between the quarter, is under short-term pressure.
However, given the long-term stability of supply and demand in the blood industry, and the current high demand for Jing Cien Cao, we still have a long-term vision of the sky, where life can grow in the future as the country’s blood tap. During the 14th century, the company acquired several slurry stations, which are more powerful in controlling the pharmaceutical community of the country.
In the first half of the year, the company had 102 stations (80 in the first half of the year), 1294 tons (80 in the first half of the second half of the year), 1125 tons (76 in the second half of the year), an increase of approximately 15 per cent.
In the course of the year, 43 new slurry stations were acquired, reflecting the company’s strong power to take new slurry stations in the blood industry, and the steady growth of slurry stations and slurry levels, laying the foundation for the company’s future performance sustainability. Given the position and strength of the realist pharmaceutical industry in China, we judge that in the future, the planetariums are expected to achieve relatively bright results.
In China, the biopharmaceutical industry has the potential to grow into a global class of giants in a disaggregated area. Rapid release, blood products taps are expected to be robust in the future.
In the product ladder, the fourth generation of the next generation has been marketed (10%) and the product is safer and more efficient in clinical use than the third generation, taking into account the developed overseas countries 2. " Skyfauna (600161.sh):
The market for blood products, which we believe will have greater potential for the future market, is one of the main drivers of the future company's increased ton magma profits, the higher expectations, the longer-term space for blood products. Others, in terms of research products, are in the process of applying for a public license; Chengdu.
Injecting human immunoglobin under the rooster, recombinant human cdensation factor, injection recombinant human cdensation factor vii-fc blending proteins, etc. 3.
In the future, it is expected that the company ' s ton profit level will continue to improve. \triangleright
This report is presented in an independent and objective manner, and no part of my remuneration is, or will be, linked directly or indirectly to the specific investment opinion or opinion in this report.