In December, the company announced two investments, and the product lines are growing.
Wei Hongmei's interest in the mediocre paste product and plans to acquire 68% of the share in the Weiwei Medical Service in Hangzhou.
In accordance with the company announcement, the subsidiary Kimsai Pharmaceuticals intends to acquire 68% of the shares of the Wowe Medical Care in Hang County, using its own funds, in a phased manner, in the form of a build-up of the shares and a partial acquisition of the shares of the former shareholders.
The total investment is expected to be $52,055,000. The Hangzhou medical care is structured around brain disease and brain development, focusing on the registration of newborn and adult brain function care equipment, which has been developed with the technical maturity of the two guardianship equipment.
At the registration stage, it will facilitate effective monitoring of the brain function of the newborn when officially listed.
On December 23, 2021, a response to company operations in the field of neuropsychiatric and old-age degenerative diseases in childhood helped the company to gain a place in the future in the field of brain sciences.
In recent days, the subsidiary Kimsai Pharmacy has joined with Greenleaf Switzerland, a fully-owned subsidiary of Green Leave Pharmaceuticals, to become the sole domestic distributor of Lis' daily and multi-day discounts.
Day-care products are currently the only discounted products approved through fda for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease; multi-day-based products are still in the development stage. These products are readily available and reduce adverse effects such as gastrointestinal tracts for capsule products, increasing the dosage and increasing safety and dependence.
It helps to widen the company's product lines further and is expected to synergize with the products under study, accelerates the strategic layout of the company's direction in the field of neuropharmacological drugs, expands the company's treatment against aging, recommends investment: the company is the pole of growth hormones, the domestic market is large and the competition is good.
The two above-mentioned investments will accelerate the development of the new-born and neuro-neurological sectors, enhance technological reserves, optimize product structures, upgrade core competitiveness, and promote the healthy and sustainable development of the company. Our rating system, the Market Index, is based on 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.