The growth hormones are growing well, and vaccine operations are briefly blocked.
Wei Hongmei earned $8.239 billion, an increase of 28.75 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounted to $3.147 billion; and gross operating income amounted to $2,281 million, $2,682 million and $3.276 billion, respectively, an increase in the same year.
Long, mainly affected by the low base caused by the epidemic during the same period last year, q2 performance grew better at a higher base last year, and demand from growth hormone inhibition was released gradually. This year, q3,3276 million of revenue and $1,224 million of net parent profit, though at a rate that is in line with that of the previous year.
The summer season was a season of corporate growth hormone sales, but in the third quarter of this year, in Jiangsu, Fujian, and other places, the company continued to experience high growth in the first quarter of the year.
On October 29, 2021, it became apparent that companies operated more robustly and were more risk-resistant. The subsidiary gold-track medicine industry continued to grow at a rapid pace, with no need to worry too much about the purchase of growth hormone belts.
In 2021, q1, q2, q3, the Golden Race Medicines industry achieved revenues of about 1,843 million yuan, 1,945 million yuan, and 2,373 million yuan, respectively, resulting in net profits of 878 million yuan, 981 million yuan, and 1,183 million yuan, with the ring rate increasing continuously during the year. Compared to the same period last year, the net profits of 2021 q3 increased by about 38 per cent in comparison to the same period, not enough.
In early October 2021, growth hormone powders and water needles were incorporated into the Guangdong Alliance. Pink needles accounted for a smaller share of the company, and collections affected the company less; and water needles, although they did.
The company’s share is high, but from the current coalition’s softer procurement conditions, the water needles are competitively better (only three), and it is expected that the price reduction will be optimistic and will not have much impact on the company’s operations. The new crown vaccination is so urgent that the company’s 100-gram biovaccine operation will be kept under pressure for a short period of time.
The new crown vaccine has been approved, the country has been active in preventing and controlling the epidemic and promoting an increase in the rate of vaccination of the new crown. Vaccination of young adults, seniors, adolescents and young people has continued, and the resources of the CDC have been allocated first to the new crown vaccine, and the release and vaccination of other vaccines has been temporarily delayed.
In the short term, the company’s vaccine operations were blocked, but in the long run, the company’s status was relatively stable, the nasal injection vaccine was well-received, and the rabies vaccine was expected to resume production next year.
When the impact of the new coronary outbreak fades, the company's vaccine business will invest in: the company is a growth hormone leader, domestic market space is large and competition is good; 100 grams of organisms are successfully removed and are expected to inject new blood into the company.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.