[AG/CC] Tianxing material: No breaking down of lithium cell material operations, future growth still associated with the Basic Chemical Industry Research Group
The company's main business is lithium ion battery materials, organic silicon rubber materials and solar and special chemicals, and he, of which, in 2016, the lithium ion battery material performed well, collected $1,225 million and accounted for the company's battalion.
Lithium ion battery industrial chain constructed with an in-house extension and active layout of new lithium salt. Lithium ion battery material produced by the company consists mainly of electrolyte fluids, lithium hexafluoride, lithium phosphate, etc. Lithium phosphate solid hexafluoride has a capacity of 2,000 tonnes/year, plus a liquid lithium capacity of 6,000 tonnes/year.
Commercially operational, the proposed construction of a solid lithium hexafluoride 2000 tons/yearly capacity is expected to be produced in 2018, when the company will double its capacity for lithium hexafluorate and electrolyte fluid production. Through replenishment, the company is planning to build 30,000 tons/year batteries.
In addition, the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Xijiang Tianjiang, and the participating industry, co-invested in the establishment of Xijiang condensation and production of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide, among other products.
In addition, the company plans to build a 2300-ton/year new lithium salt project (covering lifsi, Lipf2 and litdi), which is expected to generate a net annual profit of $4.325 million after taxes. For the lower users, the company has acquired new backbones, such as Silver Rise, and Lightwoo.
As the new energy automobile industry continues to grow at a rapid pace, the demand for lithium battery materials increases significantly, with companies investing in new projects to pre-empt markets, becoming more competitive in positive materials, electrolytes, and actively exploiting domestic and foreign downstream customers. Based on good industry prospects and high company growth expectations, we anticipate that
Wang Fenghua: Master's degree at the People's University of China and is currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.