The company has a strong position and a good start on new energy cars this year, with a significant increase in the number of cars included in the promotion catalogue, the introduction of a two-part system and the suspension of the release of new energy vehicles.
The industry has continued to grow in the second quarter of this year. The company is the industrial leader of the electrolyte industry, and in 2017 it worked to expand the upstream materials of the electrolyte, the Automobile and Parts Industry Research Group.
Lithium perfluorophosphate production capacity, increasing the ratio of electrolyte to the associated company, and extending the upstream extension of the industrial chain will help companies to reduce costs and achieve industrial synergies. Lithium cell material operations will be at the heart of the company’s future growth, with upstream and downstream integration at the core of the company’s competitiveness.
The company ' s lithium cell material operations currently consist mainly of electrolyte and solid material, and are synchronized with the electrolyte, the main raw material, lithium hexafluoride. Of this, the company currently has a crystal, lithium hexafluorate, 2000t, liquid lithium hexafluorate, 6,000t (combined crystal 2,000t), and is under construction.
The 2000t/a solid lithium hexafluoride project is also expected to be operational by the end of this year, with the aim of achieving near self-sufficiency of the current year's electrolyte solution with lithium hexafluorate, significantly reducing the cost of raw materials and effectively upgrading bargaining power, the leading industry in the electrolyte division industry. Meanwhile, the company will continue to integrate lithium battery materials up and down, bringing them up and down.
At present, the downstream customers of the company ' s lithium cell material business include domestic power cell producers.
In addition, the company is actively reaching out to international clients such as Matsumoto and Tesla, planning to march into the international market in the future. In recent years, the quality level of electric power generation cells has been largely at the same level as in foreign countries, and the company is actively expanding the international market in the field of electrolysis.
The market can expect it. With the decline in the price of lithium hexafluoride upstream, the company’s future growth in revenue will depend mainly on increased demand for upstream raw materials, driven by the release of new downstream energy vehicles, and on the company’s progress in client outreach.
In April-May 2017, new energy cars were released, increasing the demand for upstream raw materials, and in the first quarter of 2017, new energy cars were sold less than expected due to factors such as the downside of the new energy subsidy policy.
It became clear that the sale of new energy vehicles began to grow steadily in April-May, and that in May it reached 38,000 vehicles per month. Moreover, the energy consumption management pilot binary system will increase the share of new energy sources in the future.
The company is the industry leader in the segmentation of the electrolyte of the materials upstream of lithium batteries, and the solar material business is steadily moving upwards, with a large downstream client base, one of the companies that promoted international business earlier and actively engaged with the customers of multinational corporations.
Among the materials, the gift material is the largest manufacturer in the country, and it is the second largest. Moreover, the cash flow is better and the collection time is relatively short downstream. We expect that this year, the daily material will continue to grow at a similar rate of more than 30 per cent.
The company ' s downstream clients of personal nursing function materials include, inter alia, Pycques, Byersdorf, Unilever, Kolduche and Olya. The main products are surfactants, silicone, water soluble polymers, ion-synthesis, and the two-count system of energy consumption management.
The list of factors will lead to an increase in the demand for raw materials from enterprises upstream of new energy vehicles. The new energy automobile industry, based on long-term high growth in the industry, is overcapacity at the time of production of the construction and construction projects that are under way.
Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree from the People ' s University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute. For 20 years, in the seller ' s research industry, the author of the sales team of the Institute of Securities and Securities has been qualified or qualified in securities investment consultancy by the Chinese Securities Association and has ensured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.