The 2016 financial statements assess the high demand for electrolyte for new energy vehicles, the high supply of lithium hexafluoride for the core material, and the company benefits from increased demand for the electrolyte, higher prices, and the increased competitiveness of the electrolyte product as a result of the self-production of lithium hexafluorophosphate, with three factors resonant, 2016
The company’s strategy with regard to solar chemicals and special chemicals is focused.
High-end customers, innovative marketing models, companies continuously expanding the marketing of products such as solarized products, and improving the old team-based technical services to a folding field service with a higher-end brand image. Organic silicon technology platforms are effectively connected to solar-based materials, lithium-electric materials.
\triangleright presents a new performance contribution. Also, the organic silicon industry can complement and share resources with the company’s current new energy materials business, as it has a variety of high-performance applications for new energy vehicles.
Lithium electric materials are operating at different stages of development, and their use can be mutually supportive and contribute to the steady development of the company as a whole. Lithium electrical materials grow in an orderly manner, and are becoming highly permeable.
The company builds a core value chain through horizontal development in the material sector, starting with a horizontal breakthrough in 2016 in the company’s management of the material industry, Jiangxied, and a horizontal breakthrough in business.
The company then plans to invest 30,000 tonnes/year of battery-grade iron phosphate to set up a stable system for the supply of solid materials. At the same time, the subsidiary Xijiang Tianxiang and Lithium Consort, which produce products such as lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide, expands the chain upstream, achieving a more robust supply system and laying the foundation for a more competitive product from the customer side.
The value of innovation is high, and the platform’s strengths continue. From research and development, companies own platform vehicles, such as the National Enterprise Technology Centre, and highly qualified R&D personnel \triangleright
In the case of electrolysis fluids, companies are able to produce lithium hexafluorate, a key material, while developing liquid Lipf6 and lifsi new lithium salts. In the case of solvents, companies hold a new patent for substances that are fully autonomous of organic silicon electrolytes, and industrialize a new system of electrolyte solvents.
At the same time, the company replenished Guimut to acquire the leading technology in the field of electrolytic liquid flame retardants, adding new advantages to the electrolyte business. The company is strong in-house and active in both directions.
In the cross-border movement of material, the penetrating layout of the positive lfp material industry has been developed again, the triad industry has come into production, and new clients have been expanding, not pointing directly to the international giants. We expect the company to collect $3.15 billion, $6.47 billion, $7.43 billion in 2017-2019, with a net return of 5.5 per cent of its production capacity, faster price of its products, and lower capital arrears.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the Yang Raki.
Head of the Basic Chemical Industry Group, nine years of experience in the securities industry, good at capturing the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.