A three-fold increase in the performance of the basic chemical chemical ii electrolytic fluids (ECLs) with a three-fold increase in the price of the chemical ii per day and a platform layout with a ten-share gold dividend of $2 (with a tax). The high growth in performance was mainly due to the increase in the price of the company's electrolyte products.
Lithium ion cell material revenue has increased significantly over the same period, benefiting from an increase in the quantity of electrolytic fluids, and the income from lithium ion cell material has increased significantly over the same period: 1,225 million yuan has been collected in 16 years for the company's lithium ion cell materials business, an increase of 169.28% over the same year, contributing Māori $534 million. 16 years of electrolyte fluids
The core raw material, lithium hexafluoride, has a tight supply market, electrolyte prices have continued to rise, and electrolytic fluids have risen, leading to high income growth; the company has raised the rate of hydrolyte Maori by 13.4 percentage points by effectively controlling the cost of lithium hexafluorophosphate from its own production. The company has been successful in opening up new domestic major customers, such as Silverstone and Lightwoo, and continues to follow up overseas.
Potential clients such as tesla and panasonic are expected to continue to be competitive in the field of electrolytic fluids. The company's electrolytic capacity has continued to expand over 16 years, and now has four lithium power production bases in Guangzhou, Xijiang, Dong-hoon and Tianjin.
With an increase of 621 million yuan in materials such as lithium hexafluorate and iron phosphate, the material will be self-sufficient in 17 years: taking into account the core value of the company's electrolytic energy expansion and electrolyte, the company will raise an additional 621 million yuan over 16 years.
Construction of 2300t/year new lithium salt, 2000t/year solid lithium hexafluoride and 30,000t/year battery-grade iron materials, etc. The project is expected to result in a total company size of 6,000t/year liquid lithium hexafluorate and 4,000t/year solid lithium hexafluorate to meet 48,000t/year electrolyte production requirements.
The additional project, which was approved by the CSRC-issued Audit Committee, is expected to contribute more than $1 billion to the company each year after its completion, with a net profit of nearly $80 million after tax.
On the basis of the existing business base, the company has expanded its lithium ion cell material for 16 years through internal extension. In addition to the new plant, Chen Goose Ice has been added.
On March 2, 17, Jiangxi Ed signed a cooperation agreement with the People's Government of Taizhou to build a new 25,000-ton-year lithium-electric line in Taizhou and to relocate 25,000-ton-year-old phosphate-hydrazine production line back to Taiwan County.
The company also developed the chain of industry for lithium carbonate-Lithium hexafluorate (Lithium hexafluoride) through the production chain of lithium carbonate (Lithium hexafluoride) through the addition of lithium phosphate (Lithium hexafluoride) material to lead the company Ednamy and the project to raise iron phosphate (Lithiophosphate) through the development of the "Lithium carbonate-phosphate (Lithiophosphate)-Lithiophosphate" industry chain; and the establishment of the deep industrial chain platform, in conjunction with the electrolyte business, has enhanced the company's capacity
Tianchi material: Performance is slightly higher than expected, improving the integrated competitiveness of the lithium ion battery industry. Investment proposal: companies have been stable for years in the domestic electrolytic taps, continuously increasing their capacity to produce electrolyte fluids, through in- and out-of-the-shelf expansion.
Τhe gifted material: Performance ups, net profit from mother ups and aheads: perfect upstream layout, build electrolyte cores