In addition to the electrolytic fluids, the public, the public, etc., are responsible for the production of the electrolytic fluids and the surrounding products.
The Division ' s lithium hexafluoride, new lithium salt and additives are synchronized to industrialise. The company ' s horizontal layouts are positive material, and is used to create lithium by-products like lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide through the longitudinal layout of the lithium industry. The company also uses lithium hexafluorate as a by-product for the production of iron and light-activated phosphate preponderant material.
\diamond’s annual subsidy policy retreats and high-energy density orientations, leading to a similar decline in the sales of new energy vehicles in the quarter.
As the line of production is gradually in place, the catalogues for the promotion of new energy vehicles and the list of non-acquisition taxes are being introduced, and the sales of new energy vehicles are expected to be fully released in the second half of the year.
The demand for liquids is already better than in the first quarter, with full release expected in the second half of the year. When lithium hexafluoride expands, the company is expected to achieve self-sufficiency of lithium hexafluoride in 2017.
The company ' s own production of lithium hexafluorate in 2016 failed to meet the demand for electrolyte production, partially out-purchased, ton, 6000t/a liquid lithium hexafluorate (approximately 2,000 tons of crystals) recently became operational, and the capacity of lithium hexafluorophosphate was gradually released and the scale effect increased.
The solid lithium hexafluoride project is expected to come into production by the end of this year, with a potential doubling of the company ' s lithium hexafluorate production in 2017, largely achieving the self-sufficiency of the current year ' s electrolyte liquids with lithium hexafluorate, significantly reducing the market price of the electrolyte fluids, and the company ' s expected high rate of increase in electrolyte shipments in 2017.
With increased concentration in the lithium electricity industry, lithium taps are expected to grow faster this year than industry. With downstream customers largely running lithium taps, it is expected to drive companies to deliver more electrolyte fluids than industry does.
The impact of upstream lithium hexafluoride price reduction, expansion of capacity release, etc., is currently declining market prices for electrolyte fluids, and the growth of corporate electrolyte products will depend mainly on the increase in the volume of shipments. The company ' s hydrofluoride lithium and electrolyte production capacity are steadily expanding, preparing for market demand release in 2017.
Corporate performance is expected to benefit from increased demand for electrolyte. The company’s new lithium salt lifsi has been industrialized to enhance the integrated competitiveness of the electrolyte market.
Lithium hexafluoride, lifsi has the advantage of increasing electrolytic fluid resistance to high temperatures and high pressure. With new energy sources, car subsidy policies increasing the energy density requirement for lithium batteries, lifsi use in electrolytes will increase exponentially. Currently, the country’s new lithium salt lifsi is mainly imported and costly.
The production line of 300t/a new lithium salt lifsi has already produced product output, and the planned 2300t/a lifsi production line is being accelerated. The company is now using lifsi in the electrolytic formulation, and the industrialization of the new lithium salt will help to reduce costs and improve the integrated competitiveness of the company’s electrolyte products.
Lithium phosphate material has been supplied, and the Trinity material technology has broken down. The company plans to build a new 25,000-ton lithium-electric three-ton positive material project and a 25,000-ton phosphoric acid project in Taiwan \diamond.
The project to return the lithium production line to Taiwan, with the subsidiaries Xijiang, providing battery-grade carbon-acid lithium and lithium hydroxide raw materials for positive materials, connects the positive materials industry chain. The company ' s phosphate lithium-based material owner, who wants the downstream customer to supply lithium-based electricity in Chanjiang, is actually supplying it. The company is expected to expand its electrolyte customers.
To create a closed-ring ecology for the production of lithium electric materials and to achieve efficient use of lithium hexafluoride by-products.
The company plans to build 30,000 tonnes/year of phosphorus pre-drilling items for 2016. In addition, other by-products of the lithium hexafluorate production line can be used to produce light-activated agents, etc.
The construction of a closed ring ecology for the production of lithium electric materials not only reduces the company’s cost of processing by-products, but also extends the chain of lithium hexafluoride industry, while reducing the company’s cost of producing positive materials to a large extent. The company’s profitability is expected to increase in 2017, benefiting mainly from an increase in the self-sufficiency rate of lithium hexafluoride and new technologies.
In 2016, the company purchased part of lithium hexafluoride, which is much more expensive than its own production costs. This year, the market price of the electrolyte is under pressure, and the company is expected to use more of its own six.
Lithium fluorophosphate maintains a relatively stable rate of Maori in the electrolyte product. Industrialization of the new lithium industry enhances the competitiveness of the company's electrolyte, while providing a certain margin of incremental profit. \diamond
22/17/13 times, considering the successful expansion of the company ' s new lithium salt business, positive material output expansion, \diamond