In July, in Beijing, Wang Li, Deputy Secretary and Acting General Manager of the Maotai Party of Guizhou, hosted an investor exchange to hear investors' advice on the management of Maotai's market value.
• To respond to market concerns and to reflect the leadership role. The rapid decline in the price of the bottled wine that has been flying since May has triggered a focused and concern that the market does not have confidence in the company’s ability to take effective price-fixing initiatives.
Research and distributors’ communication guidance, and batch prices rebounded (currently lower than in June to respond positively to market concerns, reflecting a leadership role.
During the adjustment period, and at the time of the “three-phase super-packing” - the macroeconomic cycle for the conversion of new and old dynamics, the white wine industry cycle, and the Maotai cycle itself. We believe that, given the industry adjustment period’s perception, a modest return on the price of the bottle would free up prices and business risks, the company would increase its demand for the expansion of new and emerging industries.
Initiatives such as strong supply and demand matching and internationalization of codes should address domestic macrocycles in order to strengthen channel regulation and precision investment to balance prices, dilute the volatility of “investment demand” and bush prices. The core competitiveness of the huts has been strengthened and the product matrix has been more complete than in the last round of adjustment.
Good, with more diverse channels, consumer value and profit-award mounds are thicker and wider, resistant to cycles, multiple initiatives are helping to counter the price of the price, with the same interest, and the company’s market value is managed with great force. With the policy of clearing the boxes, large boxes are dropped, 15 years and the fine ones are suspended; and after the head of the Board of Directors, Jang Deok-Chung,
On 25 and 30 June, the group ' s chief executive, Wang Li, led the study of the market in Shanghai, Zhejiang, Jiangsu and Beijing, and organized workshops in Sujang and the seven northern provinces to discuss and direct the market with distributors, electric platforms, etc.
The shutdown of the 2024q1 quarterly reporting channel, which boosted market confidence, partially reduced bulk supply, and brought the price back into play. From a special bonus for two years to a more active investor interaction,
The consistency of interests is evident by the steady realization of sales, with a long-term perspective on value, and the fact that the market value management toolbox of companies remains relatively abundant, balanced, maintaining a reasonable level of growth, with a high score of red, in both the short and the medium to long term, is easily recognized by investors.
Guozhou Mao Dai: 2023, the absolute value of billions of yuan is still the first in the industry, and the Chinese White Wine Dragon must also be the Chinese White Wine Nation.
Internationalization will be one of the most important strategies for companies, and more systematic and targeted operations will be more effective.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: taking into account the external economic environment, the company’s pace of operation, and the long-term multipliers, the valuation is at a historical low in the company’s history, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. causing panic, excessive market response to a reasonable future slowdown, etc.
Figure 1: Falling prices and sharp drops since this year Figure 2: Falling prices and sharp drops since this year for the 24 original boxes, 53° 500ml in 2024
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.