Repurchase highlights the attitude of a consistent shareholder return research assistant in the event of the company's announcement on the evening of September 20th, "Repurchase of shares in the company by way of a centralized bid deal."
The company proposes to repurchase the company’s shares with its own funds and write them off, with the sum of $3 billion (inclusive) to $6 billion (inclusive), the highest level ever in the white and wine industry, and no more than $1795.78 (inclusive) in the repurchase price.
The Council adopts a repurchase resolution for 130 per cent of the average value of the company's stock transactions in the first 30 trading days) and the repurchase is a “centrally competitive transaction” for a period of 12 months from the date of consideration of the adoption of the repurchase programme by the general meeting of shareholders of the company.
In a series of special dividends, the annual bonus rate has been raised to over 80%, and the dividends have taken a significant lead. In the context of slower growth in the industry, local fiscal pressure, and the country’s dovitic tests, it has become more robust and efficient.
Promoting shareholder returns is a core enterprise task. We judge that the company's current cadres will be adjusted to “stablely advanced, word-first” and that market value maintenance and shareholder returns will be enhanced. We believe that the company has supported a set of program plans, including buy-backs/stake-backs, that highlight its own economy.
The company responded positively when the price of the batch had to be stabilized. In the run-up to the fall in prices, the company took: 1) to cancel the 12 bottled containers; 2) to reduce the supply of bulk purchases from the Guizhou platform; 3) to the contrary.
This includes the release of the 375ml pedagogic; 4) channel talks and confidence-building initiatives, which have worked very well. The recent fall in the price of the pots, which dropped to a low price in June, is centred on inadequate demand, shrinking demand for investment collections in the lower price line, weakening the cost of opening the bottle under economic/commercial pressure, and coping with it, both in terms of the company ' s i-pumping rules, and non-fliction.
The pamphlet is better placed than it is, and there is also a shift in marketing from old and new dynamics to new ones, such as the Guizhou Maow (600519): 204h1 performance points, and internationalization will continue.
We believe that white wine companies should “depress growth, stabilize expectations, raise returns” as a three-pronged approach, and that they should “repress growth, stabilize expectations, increase returns,” as a front-runner.
The company has already demonstrated its industry in the areas of dividends, buy-backs, and boosts. The company has committed itself to a three-year bonus of no less than 75% of net profits in 2024-2026, and the current ttm dividend rate has reached the Guizhou Maow (600519); release risk, raise risk.
The value of investments based on interest rates and non-negative growth has been highlighted.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we believe that companies will be able to secure a full year of business in 2024.
The plan, based on macro-judgmented business plans for 2025, is to stabilize rationally, with prices at the company skyscraper, an irrational response to the slowdown, etc.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.