For the first time since the market was listed, it boosted market confidence.
• Notice of the repurchase program of the company.  Issuance of the repurchase announcement to boost market confidence
(a) the amount of the company's own funds; (b) the current repurchase was used to write off and reduce the registered capital;
130%); 4) based on the maximum repurchase price, this repurchase of shares represents an increase in investment confidence for the benefit of the company and the investors at large.
The company's performance in the first half of the year was slightly higher than expected, highlighting its resilience. The middle and autumn sales feedback base was bought back for the first time in the years, adding the number of investors on the basis of a steady increase in the scale of the dividends.
At present, the Maotai Group pursues a “one game, one heart” strategy, with the stock company exceeding expectations, and the leader's resilience remaining. 2024-08-Continues the lead plate, and the innovation business continues, and we expect the company to be 2024-
Subtract macroeconomic risks, less than expected expansion of production capacity, less rapid growth, less than expected reform process, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
(cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.