In the first half of the year, we've had a solid harvest, and we've been able to boost confidence in the red plan, and we've got a strong series of wines, and the distribution channels are driven by price increases.
17,633 million yuan, an increase of 16.1 per cent in the same year, and 28,860 million yuan in kowtow liquor/saloons, respectively, which fluctuated considerably, and the company ' s delivery schedule was adjusted, while Maots were over-paced for the first half of the year 1935, which was +58.5 per cent/+27.39 per cent, of which i kowtow achieved a non-taxable income of 4,907 million.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s Māori ratio was equal to -0.04 ptt to 91.76%, of which the Māori rate of the kyotau/sale series of wine in Guizhou (600519): based on the long term, the timing of the acquisition of alcohol affects the six months of production and the tax and sales costs affect the net interest rate.
The fifth round in 2022 started on June 15, and the fifth round in 2023.
Started on June 8, when we judged that the fifth round was opened this year, or mid-June, so there was a decline in production statistics for the first half of the year. In addition, the 30,000 tons of soy sauce series drinking improvement project was on schedule by 90% at the beginning of the year.
The total cash dividend is no less than 75 per cent of the net return profit achieved in the current year, with two cents per year in the cash score.
The specific cash-sharing scheme was drawn up by the company’s board of directors and adopted by the company’s Shareholders’ Congress on the occasion of its consideration of the Golden Queen’s House, 127th Street, in the West Side of Beijing.
Shareholders’ expectations of dividends, enhancing shareholder returns and boosting market confidence. \triangleright Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; TRPs are not moving as fast as expected
\triangleright Zhang Weichen, Wuhan Polytechnic, two degrees in law, economics, two years in the financial industry, followed by the white wine industry, 13 years in first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukan, Shelde wine industry, high-end liquor, sub-high-end,
At mid- and low-end prices, there is practical exercise experience, strong industrial thinking, rich wine circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white industry, especially in analysing the patterns of sub-high-end competition. Choray, a Master of Food Science research, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and left beauty in milk for the next two years.
It covers dairy products (in-depth study of the Ily shares, the Montagnard milk industry, the Lancrete industry, the Bounty dairy industry) and food additives (in-depth study of the Bronze Gardens, Jiabyo).
In the morning, Jo Dang, a Master of Economics, graduated from the Faculty of Economics of Xiamen University.
Fluids, old cellars, Shanxi wine, tea industry, alcoholic wine, ocean river shares, present-day interests, and sauce plates. Full peace, Master of Management, Witwicky Business School, England. Overseas study and work experience has gained a wide international perspective. With three years of experience in strategic investment in head houses, it is good to tap upstream and downstream development opportunities from an industry perspective.
The Beverage team covers mainly white wine plates. Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (in depth study on Huayun beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer) and beverages (in depth study on farmers' springs).
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.