q2 performance exceeded expectations, and long-term resilience remained high.
Sonss@cfsc.com.cn
Net increase in deposits and co-repository deposits of the holding financial subsidiary; Refunds from sales  good performance with a significant increase in the series of wines § 1, " Kotau, Guizhou (600519) " : Quality No. 1
The rate of increase has been significant. The number of repurchasers has been increasing since this year, building up a single matrix of 1 billion grades, 5 billion grades and 10 billion grades, of which the hut towers have become 100.3 and the Guizhou tabloids (600519); they perform well.
In the first six months of production, we've been able to produce a six-month target, and we've come up with a "Ten Foundations" that is expected to lead the industry's confidence.
The amount was 391,227 tons, corresponding to 12.33 per cent/-54.2 per cent.  Internationalization of the lead white wine, with a marked increase in the red rate  76.69 per cent of the country's total exports of white wine in the first half of the year.
White wine travels to the sea; 2,024q2 domestic/foreign receipts of $346.81.1390 billion, respectively, are not less than 75 per cent of the total annual cash dividend distributed to the mother ' s net profit for the year, and the annual cash share is paid twice (annual and medium-term).
At present, the Maotai Group pursues a “one game, one heart” strategy, the stock company continues to lead the plate, the innovation business continues, and we expect the company 2024 - macroeconomic downside risks, output expansion less than expected, direct growth less than expected.
• Sun Shan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential stock; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has been deeply marketed and seen as sub-high white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.