Repurchase boosts confidence and highlights the leading role of the executive in the assessment of the events in Guizhou (600519): the company issued an announcement on the repurchase of the company's shares programme through a centralized competitive exchange.
The repurchase price is not less than RMB 3 billion (inclusive) and not more than RMB 6 billion (inclusive) for the purpose of writing off and reducing the company’s registered capital, and the repurchase price is not more than RMB 1795.78/equity. The repurchase is the first time since the company was listed.
Repurchase funds are available to the company within 12 months of the date of the repurchase programme. Repurchases of shares at repurchase prices are expected to boost market confidence.
Whiteboard valuations have been at a relatively low level for almost five years. This time, a back-purchases program was launched, sending a positive signal to the market that it would serve the interests of companies and investors, enhance investment confidence, and show leadership.
In the first half of this year, the flying sky benefited from direct increases in the performance of price increases, positive restructuring of products and channels, and positive growth in the performance of companies. In addition, the Department of Public Affairs had previously issued an announcement on the 2024 to 2026 cash distribution return plan, which is planned to be 2024 to 2026.
In 2026, the total annual cash dividend distributed by the company was no less than 75% of the net profit of the mother in the year, with the annual cash split twice (annual and medium-term). As the White Wine Leader, the company was active, and the corresponding values were 18 times and 16 times.
The two-wheel drive strategy is clear, and the channel structure is steadily optimized. The company is expected to move far away with the split and buyback. Maintain the "buy-in" rating of the company.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.