The year 2024 was marked by an increase in intellectual excellence and the expansion of the new pattern of overseas markets Investment rating: increase (maintenance) Events: 15 March 2025, with the launch of the 2024 annual report by Deguy Siwei (0029220.sz).
In the fourth quarter of the year, operating income was 8,643 million yuan, corresponding to +16.21 per cent of the year, and the ring growth rate sustained and increased profitability 1) in terms of revenue received: 1,8229 million yuan, corresponding to +15.36 per cent, for smart cabin operations,
The fourth-generation smart-cell platform has been scaled up and successfully matched with customers like the ideal car. Smart driving has generated $7,714 million, +63.06%, product matrix optimized to cover the needs of a diversified market, and high-value platform ipu04 has been successfully implemented.
Scaled-up products for ideal cars, pelican cars, arcium cars, a Great Wall car, a wide-blown million dollars, +27.99 per cent of the year, will continue through innovative software solutions and big data applications, covering smart network ecosystems, basic software platforms, smart access solutions, smart week.
2) profit: Māori sales rate is 19.88%, corresponding to -0.09 ptt. Of this total, smart cabins/car electronic sales amounted to 31 million, an increase of 12.83% over the same year, benefiting from company supplies.
Improved supply chain management model, increased product scale, 7.6 per cent turnover and +0.59 ptt. R & D/sales/management/financial cost ratios, respectively, deepen intelligence out of the sea and expand the new global market landscape
1) The company ' s revenue dynamics continue, with annual sales of the new project exceeding $27 billion, of which the intelligent cabin/smart driving business received new orders of over $16 billion, and in 2024 it ordered tata, motos, volkswagen, mazda, stellantis, Seet, etc.
New project orders from internationally recognized car companies, such as Toyotaskodovolvodaudelexususuzuki, have been successful in breaking through the White Point client hunda.) Capacity building has advanced, with overseas Spanish smart factories already under construction and are expected to be in operation by the end of 2025.)
A series of smart products, such as smart cabins, smart driving, etc., will be supplied to clients in 2026.
The state headquarters project on the production of smart auto electronic systems and components, which helps companies to improve their production capacity.
1) Smart class: Launch of the fifth generation smart cabin platform, based on a completely new ai chip to support real-time decision-making, self-adaptation response, and proactive assistance.
(c) Active embrace of ai technology: ICSID uses its own advanced computing infrastructure to reduce reliance on external resources and improve data processing capabilities and model iterative efficiency.
The firm’s depth is focused on efficient integration of car intelligence, deployment of smart pods, intelligent driving, intellectual networking, leading companies in the automotive electronics industry, with a scale effect, benefiting from the market incremental opportunities of intellectual parity. We expect the company to achieve a net return profit in 2025-2027.
The volume of automobile sales is not as high as expected; the output of spot-based models is not as high as expected; the profitability of Ma and Swe is not as high as expected; the core business sectors, such as strategic, market, product and research, have been covered by multi-year experience in primary and secondary markets, have a multilatitude research perspective and in-depth insight into electronics plus automobiles/industry plus finance, and are fully covered by the automobile industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.