Intelligent business flourishing, internationalizing layout speed — 2024 Annual Report Performance Review, Desai Siwei.
+26.06 per cent net return profit of 2.05 billion yuan, +29.62 per cent, net profit of non-repatriation.
In 2024, the company succeeded in winning new project orders for the Great Wall cars, Chirés, Hiro-Ean, Hiro-e-Toyota, Koo-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci.
Qin Ji-Quan's calculation platform, a strategic cooperation agreement with Xiang, will be developed on the basis of a new generation of high-calculation chips to facilitate the accelerated landing of the new generation of one and even the central computing platform, with high-level autopilots of 1-4.
In addition to the need for systems, other companies have expanded their intellectual sensor products, such as imaging radar, forward-to-millimeter wave radar, and horn radar, which have acquired new line orders from domestic and foreign firms such as Toyota, Chirí and tata, as well as sustained advances in hand orders and new collaborations, which are expected to support the continued expansion of the company ' s operations.
New project orders are sold in excess of $16 billion a year and continue to receive new project orders from a number of car companies, including Chirre, Gilly, Hiroshima, Ideal Automobile, Hiromoyan, tata, Hud products entering the Japanese, German and German company supply chains; ISPs and other businesses earned 2,074 million dollars in 2024.
Adjustment of accounting standards to include projected liabilities for quality assurance that are not part of a single performance obligation at a relative depth of 300 per cent
0.88 pct to 18.72 per cent and Māori ratio of network services and other operations to 5.64 pct to 23.61 per cent. Cost of new products has grown steadily over time, with sales/management/financial cost rates of 0.03 pct/-0.35 pct/+0.35 pct, respectively, in 2024, with companies reducing efficiency gains in cost rates.
It is clear that the rise in net interest rates has taken place against a background of pressure on the Maori rate. The potential for internationalization has been strong, globalization has opened up, and Spanish factories have become more intelligent in 2026: in 2024, the company acquired internationalization in the global market through a comprehensive push.
With outstanding performance, the company has now obtained tatamotos, volkswagen, mazda, stellantis, Seet, Toyota, skoda, volvo, Ford, audi, lexus, annual offshore earnings of only $1.708 billion, compared to 3.89 per cent, and corporate overseas orders in 2024 were oversized.
More than $5 billion, an increase of over 120%, and the potential for internationalization. In terms of capacity to go out to sea, construction has started in Spain, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2025, and a series of smart products, such as smart cabins, smart driving, have been supplied to clients since 2026.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.