Strategic focus industry track, payback period, 002230.sz. Artificial intelligence tap, first-time overlaying the "buy-in" rating.
In 20 years, after a technological build-up and application exploration, the science majors have entered the "ai strategy 2.0" phase in 2019, with a strategic focus on intellectual education, smart medicine, smart cities, etc., and the company is entering the dividend realization period in the face of the power of the artificial intelligence industry. We expect the company to return to its motherhood in 2021-2023.
• The strategic focus of the industry track, which is the realization of the dividends, and the 14th Plan, which places artificial intelligence at the top of the technological top priority, has risen to the strategic level of the national strategy. With policies, technological breakthroughs, and industrial convergence, the country’s artificial intelligence has entered the golden age.
Deloitte predicted that the country's artificial intelligence market was expected to break 500 billion yuan in 2025. For 20 years, the company's deep-deep voice and sanity, combined power and growth capabilities were much more than professional, with a single first-tier team. At the same time, the company was in a tight position to grasp the power of the artificial intelligence industry, and went through three stages of “break-exploration-dealing” and now went into “ai”
The "Platform + track" strategy is continuing, and the scaling up of education tracks has accelerated.
On the platform, the company has an open platform of artificial intelligence, working to lower the developers’ threshold and build a continuous ecological closure. On the track, the company is based on voice semantic recognition, covering such industries as education, medical care, smart office, smart city, etc.
Of these, education is one of the strategic focus of the company, which has been validated by the application of poles such as Anhui, Qingdao and others, and the scaling up of the smart school project has accelerated with an increase in education income of 67.6 per cent to $4.19 billion in 2020, 1.
At the beginning of the twenty-first century, technologies such as speech recognition, image recognition, etc. were rapidly developed and industrialized, and Microsoft, ibm, intel and others established their languages in China.
In 1999, the company was founded, and in 2001 it was established to focus on the speech industry. After 20 years of accumulation, the public administration has reached the international frontier of core technologies such as speech and language, natural language understanding, machine learning reasoning and self-learning.
The combined power and ability to grow is much more than the same, with a single first-tier team. Figure 1: The first-tier team in voice recognition, voice recognition and natural language processing, lined up in the corporate ladder.
The strategic focus of the “ai2.0” phase began with the "chiave-to-seek" phase, and corporate development has gone through three phases since 2010. (1) 2010-2015
It is the technology break-through phase, where the company proposes a “flying brain” program that will lead to a technological breakthrough that can be understood from hearing to thinking. (2) 2015-2018 is the application exploration phase, with the company proposing an artificial intelligence strategy 1.0 in 2015, which will “show the current post-tax profit growth without pursuing the critical opportunity window period for artificial intelligence, with a firm investment in capital”.
To take forward decisions that determine the strategic direction of the future, we are actively exploring the application of the landing scenario. (3) Since 2019, we have entered the dividend realization phase, and, after a period of technological accumulation and application exploration, companies have started to focus strategically, cutting off some of the lines of business, focusing on education, health, urban, etc.
In terms of recruitment, the number of employees increased fourfold during the period of Strategy 1.0. During the period of the artificial intelligence strategy 1.0, the number of publics increased fourfold.
From 38 per cent in 2018 to 24 per cent in 2018, the ratio of P3 employees increased from 48 per cent in 2018 to 62 per cent, while the middle strength continued to grow in per capita performance, with Māori per capita increasing after Strategy 2.0, and companies entering the dividend realization period.
From 410,000 yuan/persons to 280,000 yuan/persons, the gross per capita profit indicator has gradually improved as the company’s profits have improved since its strategic landing. After moving into the “Strategic 2.0” phase, the gross per capita profits of the company have risen significantly through product focus and management improvements, with a gross per capita profit exceeding half a million yuan in 2020.
In January 2021, the company issued a plan for the addition, which was issued by Liu Qingfeng, one of the company's actual controllers.
Liu Qingfeng controlled the technology, of which Liu Qingfeng offered to purchase $1.84 billion, and KGW £200 million, issued a price of $33.58 per share for a limited sales period of 18 months. After deducting the cost of distribution, all will be used to supplement the public administration’s liquidity. As of March 2021, Liu Qingfeng and CAC controlled 15.93% of the voting rights of the company.
The firm’s planned growth programme was approved by the CSRC. The firm’s control was further stabilized after the scheduled increase was completed, highlighting the company’s overall lower rate of income growth, mainly with higher R & D investment during the “ai strategy 1.0” period.
By 2020, the company is in the middle of a cash flow of $2.27 billion. Following the strategic focus, the cash flow of the company continues to improve, the business: the artificial intelligence market is expected to exceed $500 billion in 2025, and the company's platform + track strategy continues to advance.
The concept of “an artificial intelligence” was first introduced in 1956 and went through three waves in more than 60 years of development. (1) The first wave (1956-1974): “an artificial intelligence” was first introduced at the Dartmouth Conference in 1956.
Concepts, coupled with the emergence of the first group of researchers, are directed towards giving machines the ability to reason, such as solving the problems of algebra applications, geometry, etc. This period has produced the first sensor neural network software and chat software. (2) Second wave (1980-1987): this period has been directed towards knowledge-base systems and knowledge workers.
The Expert ' s i program for solving problems in specific areas was introduced, the hopfield neural network and reverse transmission (bp) (3) the third wave (1993-2011): gradually overcoming barriers to computational performance, i began a higher level of cooperation with mathematics and economics, and the "intellectual agent" paradigm was widely accepted.
(4) 2011-present: Emerging technologies such as the Internet, cloud computing, big data, etc., provide sufficient support for the development of artificial intelligence, and the model of “A.I.+” is maturing. At the same time, in-depth learning techniques have led to breakthroughs and have achieved results in areas such as search, data mining, natural language processing, speech, etc. by imitating and thinking about human activities.
In 2017, the State Department issued the New Generational Plan for the Development of Artificial Intelligents, which defines our artificial intelligence development goals, and plans to move the artificial intelligence industry to the top of the global value chain by 2025 and to become the world’s leading centre for artificial intelligence innovation by 2030.
Craft intelligence has been given top priority in cutting-edge technology, and artificial intelligence has been elevated to a national strategy, and it is expected that policies will continue to promote accelerated industrial growth, technological breakthroughs and industrial integration, and artificial intelligence will enter the golden age.
The commercialization of artificial intelligence in various industries has accelerated. According to Deloitte and the Shenzhen City Association of Artificial Intelligence Industries, the market for artificial intelligence in 2020 reached $16.8 billion, and is expected to break 500 billion by 2025.
According to Deloitte, the application of artificial intelligence has been transformed into four quadrants through the current market size and penetration, in which the medical, educational, etc. industries are still in their infancy. In the long run, cities, health care, etc., have such painful points of inefficiency and resource imbalance that they collect data through a person.
The company continues to promote the Platform+Trail strategy, which is based on deep cultivation in the education, medical, and political and other sectors. (1) On the platform, the science major flew with an open platform of artificial intelligence, working to lower the developer’s technology threshold and stimulate partners to open up.
More products are distributed and disseminated, leading to the flow of companies and the construction of persistent eco-closes. (2) In the context of the track, the selection criteria for the public sector are location, extension, and certification. Based on the company’s own technological advantages and industry development, the company has three main bgs of consumer, intellectual education, and intelligent city (incorporated into the law of wisdom in 2020) and, in addition,
There are also operators, smart services (finance), smart cars, and industrial intelligence. Currently, companies are focusing on a two-wheel drive of "2b+2c" in the areas of consumers, education, health, justice. 3.2 Open platforms: Aggregation eco-continuity, with a combined income growth rate of 115% over the past five years.
The open platform is an open application programming interface (api), with a profit-making model of sharing fees, transaction fees, and programme fees. The supply side is able to achieve economies of scale through the export of resources and create an industrial ecology; the demand side can reduce the cost of research and development.
The central element of the open platform is industry know-how. The open platform is provided by Ali, 100 people.
In addition to technological differences, we believe that the core element of open platforms is integration with industry know-how in order to achieve this goal.
Figure 16: The core element of open platform landings is that the industry know-how open platform, which accurately recognizes industry-specific voice, currently provides 398 ai products and programmes. The open platform was born in 2010 and is a universal, independent and open platform that has been developed over more than a decade.
The company is able to accurately recognize the unique voice of the medical, judicial, and financial sectors, depending on the nature of the industry. At present, the company’s open platform has opened 398 ai products and programmes, linking 3.3 million partners.
Figure 17: The Open Platform provides 398 ai products and programmes The Open Platform ' s combined revenue growth of 115.8 per cent in 2016-2020 (1) In terms of revenue, the company started growing rapidly in 2020. (2) In terms of the number of developers, the number of developers of the Open Platform reached 1.76 million in 2020.
The same-year-old growth of 56.8 per cent has led to the formation of a closed-ring system for multi-dimensional service developers, which, in addition to providing economic benefits, has brought together partners and increased market influence.
Education track: The scale replication has accelerated and the track dividend has begun to materialize
Coop et al. According to the Science-Finding Wisdom Education for the Public, the Quest Smart Education product has been widely applied in 31 provinces of China and in overseas markets such as Japan and Singapore, and has worked in depth with more than 38,000 schools across the country, serving students and teachers. In 2020, the company education poles project landed, raising revenues by 67.6 per cent.
At the beginning of the year, the Māori City School of wisdom (US$ 1,586 million), the Qingjima Qingjiang Campus (US$ 859 million) and the Kun Minghua District Model Area (US$ 163 million) were among the projects, with an increase of 67.6 per cent over the same period, with a real winning contract worker of RMB 5.24 billion, an increase of 86 per cent over the same period.
Schools of wisdom at the g end: the punctuation project is on the ground and is now being replicated. Total investment in education is constantly increasing, and the education track is snowy.
Since 2012, spending on education has remained above 5 per cent at the gdp level, with total national spending on education in 2020 amounting to 5.3 trillion yuan, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the same period, and 5.2 per cent at the gdp, and the future prospects for intelligent education as the investment in the gdp and the informationization of education continues to grow.
In the case of the Harbour City Smart School project, the projects include two divisions for technical development services and teaching support services for education. (1) In terms of contract value, the total contract size is 1,586 million yuan, technology development is 322 million yuan, and support services are 1264 million yuan. (2) In terms of service duration, the technology development is a contract, and within three months of the contract, support services are receiving and inspection services.
(iii) In the form of payment, the technology is developed as a lump sum within six months of acceptance and supports 25% of the service for each year after acceptance. In Port City Smart School, standardized intelligent classroom systems account for 61% of the total contract size.
In addition to the main integration project, which is a customized service, the majority of the projects are standardized products and systems, with 4 smart classroom projects amounting to 967 million yuan, or 61% of the total contract. The smart classroom is a "win-top-end" building consisting of teachers' terminals, student terminals and learning environments, both of which are standardized products.
With the launch of the poles project, the g end operation has entered the rapid replication phase. Since 2019, the regional-level solution for the use of material has been in the port city of Anhui province (1,586 million yuan) and in the new west coast of Qingjia (859 million dollars).
The company’s standardized system of educational products has been improved and, with the arrival and validation of the pole project, operations have moved to the rapid replication phase. 3.3.2, b. Learning manual: covering thousands of schools, the long-term income is expected to exceed 10 billion.
The company ' s b-side business is a personalized learning manual, with the client group being predominantly upper secondary schools. The personalized learning manual is a personalized paper-based learning material for each student.
The personalized learning manual works with schools, with a continuous and stable client base. Although the personalized learning manual is a product at the end of c, the business model is a partnership with schools, is extended by grade and subject, and the payer is the parent, and is essentially the b2b2c model, which ensures the continuity and stability of the clientele.
The personalized learning manual income model is “The number of schools* the number of students* the number of subjects* the price of single subjects”. (1) Number of schools: according to the educational profile published by the Ministry of Education, there were 14,000 general secondary schools nationwide in 2019, an increase of 227 in the same year. The Department currently covers more than 1,000 schools and the target for the future covers 7,000. (2) Number of students, according to the Ministry of Education.
In 2019, the average number of students in general secondary schools was 1729, the same as in 2018. Schools are tested in one grade and can be replicated in more than one grade in the future. (3) Number of subjects: the company currently offers a study manual in five disciplines, with an average of 2.5 subjects per student, and the individual student's apru value is on the rise. (4) Single course price: a single study manual
In the long run, the size of the personalized learning manual is expected to exceed 10 billion dollars. Under optimistic conditions, the company is supposed to cover 7,000 high school schools with an average of two grades per high school, with 3.5 subjects per student for one year or two.
A semester. Based on this, the company ' s long-term personalized learning manual has 16.9 billion income sizes and broad scope for growth. 3.3.3.c End learning machines: regional markets combined with consumer markets, fast-disbursed products.
In July 2020, the company launched a flagship smart machine, based on the first generation of products, which became a market boom.
Regional markets are combined with consumer markets, with fast-disbursing products. (1) In regional markets, companies, through cooperation with g- and b-ends, have regional market advantages in campuses, which can be scaled up in bulk by schools. (2) In the consumer markets, companies are actively promoting the development of channels and have established channels and service networks that cover the entire country.
The combination of the local and consumer markets creates a two-wheel drive to boost the rapid release of machine products. According to the company's World War 618 of 2021, the sales of the company'sai study products increased by 706% over the same period.
In 2020, the law of wisdom achieved an income of 1,038 million yuan. The products and solutions associated with the law of science are fully covered.
In the area of public security, the company has been working for 20 years in the field of public security, covering the fourth class of public security organs.
For 20 years, in cooperation with the Ministry of Public Security, three joint laboratories have been set up for the use of public security organs at the departmental, provincial, municipal and district levels, covering 32 provincial administrative districts throughout the country.
In 2021, the company released a new generation of police over-intelligence 2.0 for the provincial and municipal public security bureaus, providing a platform for the centralization of big data intelligence. In the area of justice: policy driven, it is hoped to achieve a top-down national roll-out.
In December 2020, the Supreme People’s Court was assisted in the development of the Court’s Voice Clouds Building and Access Code.
It is expected that the Court's voice capability will be replicated throughout the country. 3.5. Medical track: The scale application began in 2019 and entered into a fast-growing phase.
Yes, using the ai technology to reduce the repetitive brain work of practitioners. After a prior technological build-up and collaboration with the medical school, the Quasi Medical Assistant passed the National Clinical Practitioner ' s written test in 2017, with more than 96.3% of human candidates, and started piloting it in 2018 and scaling it up in 2019.
One of the fastest-growing trade paths: smart consultations, para-diagnostics, para-pharmaceuticals, etc., which are currently being used by mental health assistants in more than 23,000 primary health-care facilities in more than 200 districts of the country, i.e. 170 million assisted diagnostics per day, averaging over half a million per day
Over 20,000 service stations. (3) Smart hospitals: including intellectual guidance, pre-clinic history collection, panorama, medical voice entry, clinical voice electronic records, etc., now cover more than 200 tri-A hospitals, the top 50 3.6, consumer operations: a full-storey product system based on speech recognition technology.
In the office setting, which is based on the technical advantages of speech recognition, the system is built for the whole store. In the office setting, there is a lot of unstructured data, such as sound, graphics, and the company’s core capacity is to process it into text-based data that can be saved, retrieved and made more efficient.
Online office drives the demand for voice transliteration and rapid growth in sales of smart office products. Around voice recognition, the company has the following main products in the field of office: (1) smart office books: 2020 and 2021, followed by smart office books x 1 and x 2, selling $499, using ink screens and stress pen input, applying the site owner.
To read and record the meeting. (2) Smart recording pens: the company has a1, b1, h1 models, selling $319-499 for real-time transfer of a bluetooth-connected mobile phone. (3) Smart presentation: 588 dollars for recording speech, speech transliteration, voice command, etc. (4) Smart mouse: voice entry and transliteration and ocr recognition.
(v) Smart headphones: they can be recorded and transcribed at a price of $1199. Under the effects of the epidemic, online office calls drive an increase in the demand for voice-translation, and sales of smart office products increase rapidly. According to the company's “618” war report in 2021, sales rose by 108 per cent in 2021.
The market for translators is vast, with companies selling more than 300,000 units. The translator supports 61 languages, which cover 200 countries and regions around the world, selling at a price of US$ 1999-4999. In 2019, the number of arrivals reached 169 million, and the combined rate of growth reached 11.6% in 2011-2019.
According to the company's annual report, the cumulative sales of the translator aircraft had reached 300,000 by the end of 2018. As the epidemic subsided, the company's translator business continued to warm. According to the company's “618” war report, the series of translators won a five-year-long sales championship on the two platforms in Kyoto and Skycat.
Figure 32: The number of departures from the country in 2019 reached 169 million.
In 2019, after a technological build-up and application exploration, it entered the "ai strategy 2.0" phase, with a strategic focus on industrial paths such as smart education, smart medicine, smart cities, and so forth.
In the case of the industrial intelligence industry, the company is now in the payoff period. We expect that in 2021-2023, the company’s net profit share will be taken into account the company’s leadership and growth in speech and semantics for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.