On October 27, the company announced its performance in the third quarter of 2021, with operating income of $1,894 million in the first three quarters.
(+19 per cent); net profit excluding non-mortality, $601 million (-6 per cent); operating income for three quarters alone, $668 million (+7 per cent); net profit excluding non-mortality, $218 million (+6 per cent). Overall performance remained robust, with net equity incentives and exchange gains and losses affecting profit growth.
In the context of the " Over-expected offshore loading, domestic x8-led reagents " , which was the high base for new reagent sales abroad during the same period last year, the cumulative distribution of new crown outbreaks in the country has affected normal operations, the company ' s overall income in the last three quarters has continued to show a steady 20 per cent increase in the performance of the industry.
Strong resilience. In addition, due to share payments under the restrictive equity incentive scheme in 2020, 2. " Strong endogenous growth, growing luminous reagent lines, operating profits increased by 8.18 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
3. “Performance growth is excellent, global loading is fast, sales policy is expanding and tri-a hospital coverage is increasing. Reductions in the Māori rate of instrumentation and supporting software as a result of domestic and foreign instrument sales policy, and Māori rates of company-owned operations in the previous three quarters
By the end of the reporting period, the number of domestic market end-users of the Division ' s product services had exceeded 7,400, of which the number of customers at the 3A hospital had reached a total of 7,400.
There are 796 tri-a-hospitals with a 50.38% coverage increase in corporate products. At the end of the spectrum, there is a need for a complete upgrade of the machine.
Volume procurement policy risks; medium-to-large-scale replication abroad below expected risks; exchange rate risks; new crown variants; risk of a rebound due to toxic strains; income dependence on a single product class risk; raw material supply risk; analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, etc.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment