Cruise tyres (601058.sh) Basic chemical hyena tires iii. Continued high performance, deepening the global layout
Events: Tire tires published in 2023 and a quarterly report in 2024, achieving business income of 25,978 million in 2023 and increasing profitability. Domestic demand for tyres has recovered significantly since 2023, and the impact on company operations of foreign dealers moving to stock has been gradually eliminated in the second half of the year.
In 2023, the company produced 5863.54 million tyres, which increased the same rate. The Māori rate rose, with natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, steel curtains as the main source, according to the company's annual report.
The price of the four main raw materials for carbon black and steel curtain lines increased by 1.72 per cent and the ring decreased by 1.06 per cent over the same period.
In 2023, according to the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, there were 8,918 million cars sold worldwide, an increase of 11%. Of these, the Chinese market sold 30.9 million, an increase of 12%; and the United States, where the number of track tires continued to increase in August, and the business continued to go well-hua.
The demand in the tyre industry is better supported by rigid consumption, such as the growth in global car sales and travel, and the city’s size continues to grow. According to the Michalin financial report, 1.785 billion tyres were sold globally in 2023, up from 1.785 billion.
2.3% long, half-steam sales, 1.573 billion, an increase of 2.5% in the same year, and full steel sales, 212 million, an increase of 0.62% in the same year, which promotes sustained growth - Hwaqin securities-chemicals-round tires. As a major tyre producer, our country benefits from the global warming of the car market and the increasing competitiveness of its products.
In 2023, the domestic production of tyres continued to grow. According to the Tyre Branch of the Chinese Rubber Industry Association, in 2023, the country produced 786 million car tyres, an increase of 17.8 per cent in the same year, and 751 million meridian tyres, an increase of 18.3 per cent in the same year, and 606 million steel tyres, an increase of 18.6 per cent in the same year, and 145 million steel tyres in the same year.
This represents an increase of 16.9%, with the gradual end of pressure on the overseas tyre market to go to stock, the number of imported tires in international markets such as Europe and the United States has improved. According to the Customs Department, 620 million tyres were exported from the country in 2023, an increase of 11.6% compared to the previous year.
From the point of view of raw materials, the prices of natural and synthetic rubber moved steadily in the first half of 2023, the prices of the second half of the year fluctuated, while the price of the carbon black market fell on a year-on-year basis, showing a trend of volatility, leading to the price of the steel curtain line.
Overall, the price of the main raw materials needed for the production of tyres was lower in 2023 on a year-on-year basis, and in some ways reduced the cost of producing tyres. Production capacity continued to expand, deepening the global layout.
The company now has a tyre production base in Qingdao, Dongbang, Shenyang, Shenyang, Vietnam, Cambodia, and a tyre production base in Qingdao, Mexico, and Indonesia. In order to promote a high-quality layout of the company’s globalization, it further strengthens its response to international trade barriers.
Capacity, company to accelerate the global strategy. At the national level: the company has made technical changes to the Qingdao factory non-road tyre project and is constantly improving the capacity of the mill non-road tyre production. Overseas: October 2023, Cambodian factories invested in the construction of a new 6 million steel and a half-steel meridian tyre project; 2024
(b) In December 2023, the company proposed to set up a joint venture in Mexico to invest in the construction of 6 million semi-steel mid-line tyres per year.
To date, the company has planned to build the production capacity of 26 million full steel meridian tyres, 103 million semi-steel meridian tyres, 447,000 tons of non-road tyres.
Applied research has successfully developed liquid gold tyres. Effectively solves the problem of the Devil Triangle, where the three performance indicators of "roll resistance, humid resistance, grindability" can be optimized simultaneously to make cars safer, more energy-efficient, and more comfortable. Liquid gold tyres are tested by international authoritative third-party testing bodies, such as tüvsüd, and vehicle tyres meet EU standards.
At the end of a raw material, an average of 1 liquid gold truck and car tires can be divided without reducing carbon dioxide emissions by about 36 kg and 8 kg; at the end of use, an average of 1 liquid gold truck bus and car tires can reduce energy consumption by 4% and more than 3%, respectively, and new energy cars using liquid gold tyres can be increased.
The company’s liquid gold tyre technology is widely recognized and won the 7th China Industrial Award and the Special Award of the Review Board of China’s Automobile Festival, among others, and the product’s impact continues to rise.
Growth. Because of the higher expectations of the tyre, the build-up of the company's productive capacity, we adjust the profit forecast, and the company is expected to make a difference.