Events: Companies published annual reports 2023 and quarterly reports 2024, and companies achieved a record high in 2023 of tyre sales, accelerating the pace of globalization.
The demand for the tire market has recovered significantly, company capacity has been released, production capacity has been increasing, and public sales of tyres have been at an all-time high. In 2023, the company produced 58,634,000 tyres, a whole steel meridian tyre, 103 million semi-steel meridian tyres and 447,000 tons of non-road wheels.
With the construction of projects in Cambodia II, Mexico, Indonesia, Qingdao and others, the capacity of the company will expand further. “Liquid gold” aid products are highly endurable, non-road tyres are profitable. (1) “Liquids”
Physical gold tyres: The company's “liquid gold” tyres perform excellently, and the company, using emerging social media platforms and so on, has been increasing its product promotion and increasing its product impact. Moreover, after testing and testing by a number of companies, the company's liquid gold tyres can support the model of the vehicle.
(ii) Non-road tyres: full series, excellent quality of company non-road tyre product specifications, successfully accompanied by internationally and internationally renowned engineering, mine, mine, mine, etc.
Agricultural machinery enterprises. The company continuously optimizes the structure of non-road tyre products and enhances production capacity. The company plans to build non-road tyre production capacity in Viet Nam, Qingdao and Indonesia, with a total production capacity of 447,000 tonnes/year. According to the company ' s 2023 report, the company actually achieved production.
With 173,000 tons, new projects will generate growth in corporate performance. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: the company is the leader of the domestic tyre industry, the company's “liquid gold” tyres perform well and non-road tyres are profitable.
Performance is bright, accelerating globalization; competition is intensifying; prices of raw materials are rising sharply; trade barriers in overseas markets are at risk, etc.
7th floor, 2nd floor, 2nd floor, 2nd wing, 9th North Street, Beijing, and 10th floor, 10th floor, National Open Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City, 1904th floor, 19th floor, New World Center, East and Lotus Road, Fuda District, Shenzhen City.
988 São Fong Square, downtown Guangzhou Avenue.
The company ' s unified social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.