Quarterly report for 2024, $7.296 billion.
This represents an increase of 35.84 per cent, an increase of 4.72 per cent in the ring, a net return of 1,034 million dollars, a recovery in domestic demand for tyres in 2023, and a gradual elimination of the effects of foreign dealers on company production and operations in the second half of the year.
In 2023, the company produced 586354 million tyres, which is an increase in the same proportion.
The increase in the annual Māori sales rate of 27.64% compared to +9.22pcts is due mainly to the upswing and fall in production costs of the tyre industry.
1 Racer Tyres (601058): China Export Container Portfolio Index averaged 937 per year, corresponding to 66 per cent, with Cambodia expected to grow faster in production 2024-06 per cent.
The price of raw materials and shipping costs has been reduced to a certain extent by the company ' s production of 2-Ray tires (601058): to build ink and to increase profitability.
Cicco Factory, Continuously Improving the Global Layout 20,241 Increased volume of tyres sold on a one-on-one basis, with profit keeping high 1,658.17 million tyres sold by the 2024q1 company, +43.7 per cent of the year, ring ratio
The fall in the average single-child price is due to differences in the prices of different types of tyres, with the sales of the lower-cost semi-stealts increasing faster. Natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, and the four main raw materials of the steel curtain line have increased by 1.72 per cent over the year.
Firmly implementing the Globalized Development Strategy, with capacity-building and growth The company ' s entire steel project for the Cambodian factory became operational in 2023, with three phases of the Vietnamese factory producing steel, semi-steel and non-road products for all purposes, and capacity is being continuously raised
In October 2023 and January 2024, new investments were made in Cambodian factories to build a total of 12 million semi-steel mid-life projects per year, and once the project is completed, the plants in Cambodia will have 21 million semi-steel meridian tyres and 1.65 million per year.
In December 2023, the company, through a joint venture established in Mexico, invested in the construction of 6 million semi-steel meridian tyre projects per year. In March 2024, the company planned to invest in the construction year in Indonesia.
Production of 3.6 million meridian tyres and 37,000 tons of non-road tyres. Through the global distribution of production capacity, companies can rely on the combined effects of global production bases to reduce the supply cycle and service existing customers more efficiently and easily.
It can also be effective in reducing the risks associated with inter-regional trade frictions, benefiting from downside risks in the economy; the risk of high volatility in product prices; the risk of project construction falling short of expectations; the risk of environmental policy constraints; and downstream demand less than expected.
The company's profit projections (millions of dollars) were introduced by the Chemical Group, Zhang Weibao: M.A. Chemical, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of which were researched by sellers
Experience, 10 years of buyer research experience, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.