Race tires (601058.sh) 01 performed higher than ever, and global layout released long kinetic energy
The incident company issued its annual report for 2023 and its quarterly report for 2024, and realized its operating income in 2023.
First, there has been a significant recovery in domestic tyre market demand, with the negative impact of offshore distributors moving to the reservoir gradually phased out in the second half of the year.
With the exception of the company ' s ever-increasing capacity for the release and utilization of tyres, the company ' s production of whole steel, semi-steel and non-road tyres has been historically high. Second, the primary raw materials are natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon, black, steel curtain lines with lower annual average prices, lower cost pressures and recovery of demand, and the company itself.
There has been a significant increase in profitability. 24q1 companies achieved 172.5 and 16.5 million home-grown tyres, an increase of 49.8 per cent and 43.7 per cent, respectively, respectively, and 27.7 per cent for overall sales, an increase of 7.4 percentage points.
The competitiveness of national product plates highlights the high inflationary pressures on the European and United States economies that actively capture market shares, and the price and competitiveness of domestic tyres, which are evident and actively capture market shares. In January 2024, the United States imports of semi-steeds and whole-steams were 13.9 to 6.06 million, an increase of 16.69 per cent and 29.68 per cent, respectively, respectively.
and 3.97 percentage points. The proportion of total steel tyres imported from Thailand and Viet Nam increased by 1.74 and 4.98 percentage points, respectively, from 30.00 per cent to 15.16 per cent.
The share was 56.67%, an increase of 2.26 percentage points in the same year. The total number of steel tires imported from Thailand, Viet Nam, accelerated the pace of globalization, with medium- and long-term growth kinetic energy companies building seven production bases in China, Viet Nam, and Cambodia, all of which have been able to scale up production operations and are actively promoting the Qingdao family.
On the overseas side, the company continued to promote three projects in Viet Nam and proposed additional investments in the construction of 12 million steel meridian tyres in Cambodia, 6 million steel meridian tyres in Mexico, 3.6 million in Indonesia and 37 million in Indonesia.
At the domestic level, the company has planned a non-road tyre project for the mill, a 30 million set of high-performance midday and 150,000 tons per year of non-road tyres, and a 500,000 ton/year new functional material (a 200,000 ton/year) project. On the one hand, the company can shorten supply weeks through a global production pattern.
In addition, it can effectively reduce the risks associated with inter-regional trade frictions and contribute to the firm’s long-term sound growth.
Gradually released, the volume of the company's tyre production capacity will continue to expand, while it is expected that it will continue to consolidate its performance in non-road tyre collars (601058.sh) - the continuous upgrading of the “product power” - and the global layout of the company Galactica.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in the customers of Galaxy securities, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.