The foundation ceremony for the Mexico project was successfully held, the global landscape continued to move forward.
On May 15th, local Mexican time, the 6 million semi-steel meridian tires project, jointly organized by the Wheels Group and the Mexican treddirectorate, was set up in the city of Iraputo, Guanajuato, Mexico. In conjunction with the company's operations of 2024q1 and the basics of the current industry, we promoted the company.
The demand for tyres has been recovering, China’s share of tyres in the global market has steadily increased, and the expansion of corporate capacity is expected to lead to long-term growth and maintenance of “buy-in” ratings.
According to the company's announcement, on 15 December 2023, the Singapore-Mexico Td Joint Venture Agreement was signed by the race round, and the two parties intend to establish a joint venture in Mexico to invest $240 million in the construction of the Mexico 6 million semi-steel meridian tires project, which will last 12 months, with the project reaching the postnatal stage and a normal year of operation expected.
At the same time, the joint venture will also consider the construction of 1.65 million full steel meridian tyres per year, but the details of the project will be discussed separately by the joint venture. Mexico is the world’s fourth largest exporter of automobile parts and components, the fifth largest exporter of automobiles, and the seventh largest car student.
• Planning for new bases in Indonesia, and many ongoing projects to promote long-term corporate development.
In March 2024, the company announced its intention to invest in the construction of an annual 3.6 million meridian wheels in Indonesia.
In October of that year and January of 2024, the company's new investment in Cambodian factories totalled 12 and a half steel a year. To date, the company has planned to build 26 million steel all-time meridian tyres, 103 million.
The production capacity of semi-steel meridian tyres and 447,000 tons of non-road tyres is expected to drive higher-than-expected growth - the company update reports continued to grow performance, future corporate scalability advantages or will be highlighted.
Cost-Effect Pressures Ongoing Release, O2 Performance Ring Increases - Corporate Information Updates