The growth in the performance of globalization and the “golding” of branding: on 26 April 2024, round tyres were published in 2023 and a quarterly report in 2024.
The Division achieved business income of $25,978 million in 2023, an increase of 18.61 per cent in the same year; achieved net return profits, Zhang Yinsheng optimized the layout, the q1 sales income ring continued to grow and the profitability of the company continued to increase.
In the context of spring holidays, low seasons, etc., the company's sales were 16,580,000, an increase in the volume of Hong Eung Dongping, an indication of the excellence and sustainability of the company's profitability. We believe that the company itself is strong.
The company’s capacity in Cambodia is still climbing, and the company’s planned new capacity in Cambodia, Mexico, and Indonesia is expected to continue to increase in the future.
(2) The product structure continues to be optimized, and non-road tyres pull net interest rates.
Tons (the first giant in 2023) are expected to continue to release its performance. High non-road tyre technology, high barriers, high profitability, and increased capacity of companies for non-road tyre production are expected to significantly boost corporate profitability. Global tyre sizes are growing robustly, deepening globalization and increasing competitiveness. 2023, tyres.
The demand in the \triangleright industry has grown steadily, supported by a recovery in mobility and an increase in automobile sales. According to the Mitchell Forest Financial Reporting, 1.785 billion tyres were sold worldwide in 2023, an increase of 2.3% over the previous year.
Steel tire sales rose by 2.5 per cent over the same period; total steel tire sales increased by 212 million over the same period, and the demand for United States imports rose during the same period of history in January-February 2024. The company continued to expand the production of plants in Viet Nam and Cambodia, building on the two factories built in Viet Nam and Cambodia overseas.
Yes, and planning for factories in Mexico, Indonesia, to further deepen the global layout and enhance the ability of companies to deal with international trade barriers. Liquid gold tyres continue to be promoted, and the branding of support companies increases.
The first chemical smelting technology that solved the 100-year-old problem of the "demon triangle" in the industry was recognized as the fourth landmark technological innovation in the world rubber industry. (1) Performance aspects: corporate liquid yellow tyres pass through various authorities such as idiada in Spain, tüv in Germany and Smith in the United States.
Design and testing, with an excellent indicator of oil efficiency, comfort, manipulation, and wearability being widely appreciated and accepted by the drivers of Sindh Securities.
Don't lower energy consumption by 4% or more, ittd.
In 2023, the company won the “Technology Innovation Contribution Award”, the Woo-tung Group's “Annual Best Quality Award” and the Trinity Commercial Vehicle 2023.
In January 2024, the company's liquid gold tire technology won a special award from the jury of China's Automotive Festival, the only car parts and components industry to have won such an award. We believe that innovation is a driving force for development.
High-end assistive brands, liquid gold tyres exhibit corporate risk factors in R & D, manufacturing, products, marketing, etc.: new projects such as factories in Mexico are not moving as fast as expected, and downstream demand has declined significantly.
\triangleright Prices of raw materials have risen significantly Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, seven years of management experience of the China Chemical Group.
In March of that year, it officially joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is engaged in research in the chemical industry, the petrochemical industry and the basic chemical industry. Yoon Yuu, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Central University of Finance and Economics, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.