The 2023 annual newspaper 601058.sh & the 2024 Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Reviews The high performance continues to grow, with excellent growth and leading product strength laying corporate leaders Events: 26 April 2024, the company published the 2023 & the 2024 Quarterly Quarterly: (1)
\triangleright has continued to land in its construction capacity, and the company's performance is still growing. \triangleright is currently planned for Vietnam, Cambodia, \triangleright.
Mexico, Indonesia, four overseas bases, three of which in Viet Nam are expected to increase production this year as capacity climbs, and Cambodia, Indonesia, and Mexico are expected to grow production in 2025, guaranteeing growth in corporate performance. In addition, the company has planned a base for Dong's family, keeping the company’s mid-to-long.
In 2023, the company spent 838 million yuan on R & D and 3.23 per cent on R & D, up from the previous few years. High R & D spending was maintained.
It has also built up high-end product power and laid the foundation for further improvements in the company's future profitability: (1) the company has successfully developed “liquid gold tyres” and optimizes the three performances of “rolling resistance, humid and grinding”, and the company has begun to increase the dissemination of its products, and in February 2023, the company took a domestic turn.
Four major series of liquid gold-car tyre products were published at the fetuses and many pilot driving exercises were carried out, combined with online and sub-line sales channels, and the company's “liquid gold tyres” products were expected to continue to contribute to the company's growth as consumer awareness improved; (2) production was already included in the company's non-road tyre product matrix
Research assistant Liu Lungi, a big engineering fetuse with a high barrier, with the 59/80r 63 giant in the open-air coal mine for two years, has an average operating time of international excellence.
Distinguished companies such as John Dier and Trio, as the company Qingdao, Kao, Viet Nam base non-road tyre production continues to climb, as well as rising downstream mining expenditure and global capital investment, the company ' s non-road investment announcements are rated: four quarters of performance is above expectations and the company is expected to do so.
Investment recommendations: The company's tyre production capacity continues to expand, the domestic and external tyre consumption climate is up, and the firm's performance is fast-tracked: the domestic and foreign markets are recovering strongly, with a single quarter of 11 x, 9 x, and a “recommended” rating is maintained.
\triangleright Performance rating: net return profit of 691 million yuan in the second quarter, 4. Triple tires (601058.sh) evaluation report: tyre production
Continuous release, improved performance of liquid gold technology companies, combined raw materials-20, continued high distribution of product lines, methodological and analytical logic leading to research findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.