(b) Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) The company achieved operating income of $5.611 billion in the first quarter of 2025, compared to the first quarter of 2024
• After more than 30 windfalls, the company became the leading core supplier of the coating plate, and the product should be based on a wide range of areas, compared to a 300-degree trend in company prices.
The technology is based on end function demand solvers, who always adhere to high standards, high quality, high performance, high reliability and autonomous production of high-end electronic materials such as coatings, semi-stabilized tablets, insulation presses, metal-based copper slabs, coatings of copper, and film.
Roadboards and high multilayered circuit boards, widely applied to high-calculation, ai servers, 5g antennas, new-generation telecommunications base stations, large computers, high-end servers, aerospace industry, chip envelopes, motor power, smart homes, industrial medical equipment, home appliances, consumer terminals and various medium- and high-end electronics.
In terms of market position, according to the United States survey agency Prismark ' s global accounting and ranking of rigid copper sheets, the total sales of technology-rich copper sheets jumped from 2013 to 2023, with a global market share of 14 per cent in 2023.
As early as 2005, the company began to tackle the technical problems of high-frequency high-speed containment of base materials, faced with foreign technology.
Line high frequency products and multiple batch applications have been achieved. At the same time, corporate products have been used in bulk in card encapsulation, led, storage chip classes, etc., while breaking through key core technologies, representing fc-csp, fc-bga at the higher end.
Ap, cpu, gpu, and ai products are developed and applied.
The National Centre for Engineering and Technology Research on Electronic Circuit Base Materials, the only national engineering and technology research centre in the industry, was approved by the Ministry of Science and Technology for the year, with the central vision of being the world's leading player in the engineering platform for the development and development of the world's advanced electrical base materials, and in the technical standards for high-end electronic circuits in China.
Ongoing systematic, calibrated and engineering research and development of research results with significant applications for industry and industry development, and the provision of mature technological and technological equipment for enterprise-scale production.
Companies, after more than two decades of technological research and development, have accumulated a deep technological accumulation. Companies can match the needs of their users with a generation of products that meet the needs of their customers in a timely manner.
Research and development companies are investing in a new generation of server platforms using technology free of halogen, low-loss and corrosive copper plates in ultra-low-fat resin, copper-plate technology development, high-pressure truffles, hdi applications, etc., to meet market demand for the next generation of universal kos servers, ai servers and 224gbps transmission links.
A large number of applied research experiments, expeditions, validations, satisfaction of end-user value for money and resolution of structural problems such as high voltage overlays; and research and development applications to high-end printing power for high-endai servers for cloud services
Roadboards, and industrialization; on the research and development side of the next generation of network technology 1.6t e-net mainboards, companies study printed circuit board products for high-speed signal transmission, signal integrity, processability, high reliability requirements, capture the next generation of 1.6t e-net product markets, and ensure long-term sustainability of companies
The technology advantages of core network masterboard processing. The demand in al is less than expected, firms are less developed than expected, the pcb industry is highly competitive, the pcb core research framework and financial analysis systems are mature, good at analysing investment opportunities from a buyer’s perspective, and overall responsibility for team e-industry research.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.