The electronics group has significantly outperformed expectations, and the power of Alpha is finally reflected.
This represents an increase of 26.86 per cent over the same period; a net return of 564 million yuan, an increase of 43.76 per cent over the same year; a net gain of 560 million yuan for non-return to the mother, an increase of 44.97 per cent over the same period. The Māori rate has reached significantly higher expectations for changes in performance and profitability.
1. "In-depth research by profit technology companies: a strong-win Alpha manufacturer, breaking the monopoly for growth " , 2025.2.10 Performance has shown that demand has continued to rise since the beginning of the year, based on continuous follow-up,
The crop rate of the company’s production continues to be at full capacity, and, in the current situation where copper prices are under pressure, the prices of the mainstream producers in the copper sheet industry remain strong, with 2502 expected to continue the season, with the firm’s performance of 25H1 being more certain.
Looking at the overall landscape of the electronics sector, while the market is pessimistic about demand for the second half of the year in the face of increased trade frictions, we take into account that the second half of the year is a traditional season, and if new products with higher product power emerge, it is expected to drive the second half of the year to continue the round of demand.
End-of-pipe innovation leads to the upgrading of the capping plate, breaking the monopoly to growth. On the side of capital spending, the ai service and switch ccl levels or from verylowlos to ultra.
Lowlos or superultralowlos, while increasing the requirement for cte indicators (response to hdi); on the end, it is expected to rise from ordinary fr-4 products to midlos or up to verylowlos.
The company entered the industrial chain as a mainland Chinese manufacturer, promising to break the growth of monopolies toward the internalization of high-end products. Leaf electronic captures the asic opportunity curves.
In terms of volume, the most typical of these companies is the one that replaced the Amazon self-researcher, which began to grow faster in July. E-commerce, relying on its technological strength in high-level, multi-layered products, has succeeded in breaking through the chain of asic-related industries overseas.
Breaking up, with a two-quarter recovery and accelerated change in profit loops, it can be seen that profit-generating electronics are expected to grow rapidly as the offshore asic industry chain rises.
A strong Alpha, while maintaining steady growth in orders and prices, quickly repairs profitability, has high performance certainty, and gives a “buy-in” rating. Demand repair is less than expected; i is less developed than expected; model innovations such as DeepSeek bring about
Change; increased competition; continued escalation of trade friction.