Centre for Resources and Environmental Research
The company issued a public announcement on 30 June on investment in the construction of the Congolese kfm copper cobalt mining project, which defines the construction arrangements for the kfm copper cobalt mining project.
The project is based on open-air mining models, and the technological process is more mature and has been in preparation since March 21 and is expected to start production in the first half of the year. The main product of the project is cathode copper.
Cobalt rough hydroxide and a small amount of copper sulfide concentrates will add 90,000 tons of copper metal and 30,000 tons of cobalt metal to the postnatal period.kfm is one of the largest and highest-grade undeveloped copper cobalt mining projects in the world.
Cost advantages. In addition, Kfm is 33 km away from the company’s existing tfm mine and will have synergies in development and operation.
Together, in the Ningdry era, resources and terminals are strongly aligned. This project is being implemented by the full capital of the Luoyang Molybdenum Industry, with an incremental contribution - a quick review of Luoyang's performance. The company kfm holds an indirect 95% interest in the Kisanfu project.
The stock transfer will be completed in the near future.
As a resource-based leader operating in deep-farming mines abroad, with strong linkages with downstream power cell taps, further consolidates its leadership in the area of new energy supply. tfm+kfm contribution increases and medium-term performance is more certain.
Ten thousand + 17 million tons of cobalt production capacity, with a build-up of copper and cobalt added to the kfm mine, is expected to produce 220,000 tons more in two projects over 24 years than in the current period, and 35,000 tons more in cobalt.
Niwenji niwenyi@gjzq.com.cn project was not produced as expected; metal prices were not as good as expected; RMB currency exchange rate risk, etc.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment