Development of the kfm copper cobalt mine, Auxiliary Company becoming the world's largest producer of cobalt raw materials.
Liu Mengjing Company announcement: The company intends to develop the Congolese kfm project phase, with an investment of US$ 1,826 million in construction of the kfm project (phase I), and self-financing of the enterprise. The project has been under preparation since March 2021 and is expected to start production in the first half of 2023, with the project being designed on the largest scale for the extraction of smelting ore
4.5 million tonnes/year, an average of 90,000 tonnes of copper metal and 30,000 tonnes of cobalt metal per year are expected to be added to the future postnatal period, and the project products are mainly cathode copper, crude hydrogen, cobalt oxide and small amounts of copper sulfide cobalt concentrate.
As the world's largest supplier of cobalt raw materials; 2) We have increased the sales of copper, cobalt and copper from the original construction and commissioning of 25/30/450,000 copper production of 2022 - 2024 worldwide, allowing the company to make new leaps and reap full benefits from the booming cycles of the new energy metal industry and the phosphorous fertilizer industry, with the unique “mine + trade” model contributing to the firm's robust growth and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
On 30 June, the company issued a public announcement that the bill on investment in the construction of the Democratic Republic of the Congo kfm development project had been considered and adopted by the sixth interim meeting of the company's sixth board of directors, and that the company intended to develop the first phase of the Congolese kfm project, the construction of which was invested in 18.26 per cent.
The project, which began in March 2021 and is expected to be operational in the first half of 2023, is designed to collect 4.5 million tons of smelting ore on a maximum scale, with an average of 90,000 tons of copper metal and 30,000 tons of cobalt metal expected to be added in the immediate postnatal period. The project products are mainly cathode copper, cobalt hydroxide and small quantities of copper cobalt concentrate.
The kfm project profile Kisanfu copper cobalt mine is a large copper cobalt deposit located 33 km south-west of the tfm copper cobalt mine, with the kfm holding 95% interest in the copper cobalt mine through the pelpsdodgecongo s.a.r.l.(pdc) and the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo holding an additional 5% interest.
365 million tons of ore, with an average grade of approximately 1.72 per cent copper and approximately 6.28 million tons of copper-containing metals; approximately 0.85 per cent of the average grade of cobalt and approximately 3.1 million cobalt-containing metals. In December 2020, the company purchased 100 per cent of the shares of the Bermuda subsidiary jennyast and kisanfu, which it held indirectly, at $550 million through the fully-owned subsidiary of the L ' Amules Control Unit, thereby indirectly acquiring 95 per cent of pdc
In April 2021, the Lomong Consort signed a framework cooperation agreement with Bump’s era, which acquired 25% of the kfmholdingmited (kfm-controlled) shares at a total price of $137.5 million through the New Energy for the Full Associated Age. When the deal was completed, Lomeg Holdings and Bump’s era won 25% of the kfm.
The shareholding ratio is 75% and 25% respectively.2 Kfm Support has become the world ' s largest supplier of cobalt raw materials.
3.13 million tons, or 18.5 million tons of cobalt produced in the Luoyang industry. The largest yield of 56,000 tons is measured by the largest cobalt production in recent years for each of the global tap companies. When the tfm mixed mining project and the kfm project are in place and complete post-partum, the cobalt production capacity in the Luoyang industry will exceed 70,000 tons, making it the world-wide largest supplier of cobalt raw materials.
In the case of the cobalt industry, accelerating the development of the rich resources of the Congolese copper-cobalt mine will help to better meet the growth in the demand for cobalt metals in the development of the new energy industry and to alleviate the concerns of battery and car manufacturers about the chronic undersupply of cobalt resources and maintain the sustainable development of the industrial chain. In the future, companies will be able to fine-tune their production schedules and maintain a relatively balanced market based on market supply and demand.
Figure 2: Company plans for copper expansion in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (tonnes) Figure 3: Company plans for cobalt expansion in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (tonne)
By 2024, the kfm project will be fully produced, with 90,000 tons of copper produced annually, and 30,000 tons of cobalt produced. So we've raised the sales forecast for copper and cobalt from the company, with the company owning the world's top copper and cobalt mineral resources, and the two world-class construction enablers achieving a new leap in the company's successful mergers and acquisitions of world-class mines at the bottom of the industry, with two major global top copper and cobalt resources, tfm and kfm, and tfm copper and cobalt.
It is one of the largest and highest-grade copper-rich deposits in the world, and the mining costs are very competitive; the cobalt mine adjacent to it is a world-class greenfield project with a wealth of resources. The year 2022 will accelerate the construction of two world-class tfm-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m.
Investment proposals: A giant copper and cobalt resource, a world-class project build-up enabler capacity to leapfrog, maintenance of a “buy-in” rating, construction and commissioning of a “buy-in”-level project to enable the company to make a new leap to fully benefit from the booming cycle of the new energy metal industry and the phosphorous-fertilization industry, a unique “mine-trading” model to help the company to grow robustly and maintain its “buy-in” rating.
New projects have not advanced as expected; commodity price volatility is at risk. Annual Report of the Luoyang industry (603993.sh): “Build the foundations” for reducing efficiency gains and accelerating the construction of “up steps” for two world-class copper and cobalt projects - Annual Report of the Luoyang industry - 603993-2020: significant internal efficiency gains and expected future growth of the copper and cobalt plates.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them