Silver-Thai gold (000975.sz) Metal material group.
The gold main sector has long-term growth potential. The company’s many transformations have set the direction for gold-based development, with Shandong’s major gold growth + extended M & As contributing to long-term development potential.
The mining resources are of high quality and the scale of production is steadily increasing. (1) The company's gold minerals are of high quality and good quality, with gold production costing just $167.54/g in 2022, and the Milky Way is one of the country's most easy-to-melt gold mines.
The mining rights of the Trench Gold Mine (11, 111 belts), which will reach 600,000 tonnes/year after the transfer, and the Blue Trench Gold Minerals, which are expected to rise; the company plans to raise from 100,000 tonnes/year to 1.2 million tonnes/year, and the recovery plan is progressing steadily.
Plus the previous 2,000-ton/day plant, the mineral can be 5,000-ton/day. With the new plant, the gold of Shandong will be primed and “1+1>2” will be achieved. In July 2023, the shareholders of Shandong Gold, which is given over, will form synergies in the fields of mines, smelting, trade, etc. The company will be supported by the State.
With the best experience of international mining companies, M&A genes are expected to continue. The company keeps the best of its original teams in Eladore's mines, and has a wealth of human resources, M&A experience.
Net operating cash flow per share, roe (belonging to parent company) (breathing)
The Fed’s current interest-added cycle is nearing its end, with real interest rates or lower increases in gold prices. Gold supplies are stable, and purchases contribute to the main physical demand for gold in recent years.
So, real interest rates during the release phase are expected to come back gradually, pushing gold prices up, and we, the risk of gold price volatility: project capacity expands faster than expected: safe environmental management risks.
The gold industry is dominated by gold, the industry is growing rapidly and rapidly, and there are over 1.1 transformations, and the gold star is shining on the future. Silver and Thai gold is a high-quality investor in gold-based mines, and according to the Chinese Gold Association, the company produces mineral gold.
China’s gold-listed companies are ranked fifth, and are one of the highest rates of Māori in gold mines. The company’s operations are extensive, with major precious metals and non-ferrous metals being explored, selected, sold, warehoused logistics and supply chain finance, among other things, alloys, zinc powder, lead powder, etc.
In 2013, the company completed a major asset restructuring, acquired 49% of the shares in the Yulong mine, increased to 76.67%, and transformed the main business into a non-ferrous metal selection. In 2016, Silver-Thai gold acquired the gold resources of the Canadian multinational gold producer and explorer Ellado gold company located in China, including mainly Black Rock.
After the company completed the acquisition, the gold reserves rose significantly, turning the main business into precious and non-ferrous metals. In 2021, the company acquired 60 per cent of the share of the Chinese gold mine in Man City and further strengthened the gold business.
Chart 1: Corporate development: In December 2022, the company's real-time owner, the Shen National Army and the controlling shareholder, Silver-Thai, transferred their combined holdings of 20.93 per cent to Shandong gold, and in July 2023, the registration process was completed, with 23,099 per cent of Shandong Gold Holdings after the change of interests.
The company is owned by five mining companies and one trading company. Mining companies include the Yulong Mine, the Black River Silver Tetau, the Jilin Temple, the Qinghai Zaydan and the Huaming Gold Mine, of which the Yulong Mine is the Lead and Zinc Silver Minerals Polymetal Mountain, the Black River Silver Tower, the Jilin Temple.
The Qinghai, Qinghai, and Chinese gold mines are gold-mining, except for the Chinese gold mines, which are in the process of recovery. The trading company is Silver Tae-hong, who specializes in the trade in precious metals and non-ferrous metals, and provides customers with services such as buying canals, risk management, and trade finance.
In 2018, three gold mines acquired by companies were added to the consolidated statement, with an increase of 225.52 per cent in operating income over the same period.
Camp production, including the closure of the Jilin Temple affected by the epidemic and a drop in sales; an accidental break in the vicinity of the CDL mill in Qinghai, which stopped production for two months in the second half of the year; the inability of the Yulong mining industry to purchase annual gold and silver sales due to the start-up of the Beijing Winter Olympics and Winter Paralympics; a fall in revenue of 7.29 per cent to $8.382 billion in the same year.
The adverse effects of 1h2023 were eliminated, the company returned to business, the sales of alloys increased by 14.68 per cent on the same basis, the upward trend in alloy prices, the increase in alloys and the increase in the sales of lead ore, zinc ore and the co-led increase in the sales of whole minerals. The 1h2023 company achieved a revenue of 4,572 million yuan, an increase of 14.48 per cent, and the net profit of the mother increased.
Figure 4: The company ' s 1h2023 net profit from the gold mine grew by 29.83 per cent on a year-on-year basis. After the acquisition of multiple gold mines, the sales of alloys rose significantly, driving the share of alloys to a steady increase. 2022, the sales of alloys declined slightly, but between high prices, the sales of alloys amounted to $2.709 billion, or 32.33 per cent.
In recent years, the increase in sales of allied gold has led to an increase in the profits of 1,554 million yuan, or 74.75 per cent, compared to the increase in the metal commodity trade, which has led to an increase in corporate revenue.
Multimetal trading activities. The company’s products are mainly sold to downstream customers by Silver Tae Seon-hong, “integration of production and marketing” with greater advantages and increased resilience to risk, while Silver Tae-seng-hong rationally uses derivatives to boost trade profits, generating an operating income of 1,226 million yuan, or 46.5 per cent, from metal traders.
The company’s sales costs have continued to be low, with the management costs being highest, and the costs falling during the period when the management costs have fallen in recent years. In 2016, the company acquired three gold mines, while major asset groups and intangible assets were amortized and management costs were higher.
Corporate asset-liability ratios are lower in the industry and more robust capital structures. Other gold is lower in the industry compared to other companies in the industry. Companies have good partnerships with financial institutions, strong financing capacity, low asset-liability ratios.
Figure 7: The downward trend in the management cost ratio is evident II. The Federal Reserve ' s interest-raising period, with the highest relative yield on the pre-real interest-reduction gold stock, determines the diversity of gold stocks by the dual attributes of 2.1 commodities plus finance
Gold is a precious metal that exploits history and has two important attributes of goods and finance. The commodity attribute is gold as a metal that can be used for luxury processing or industrial applications; the financial attribute is gold as a scarce element that is stable in nature and allows for the preservation of values and investments. As the economy evolves, the financial attribute of gold is relative to that of the economy.
Because of the stable chemical nature of gold, it will remain in some form once mined. By the end of 2022, the global gold stock on the ground had reached 209,000 tons, about two thirds of which, according to the World Gold Association, were in 1950.
The highest share of gold in the surface stock was in the form of gold medals, which at the end of 2022 amounted to about 955,000 tons, or 46 per cent. After gold, private investment, including gold bars and gold coins and goldets, together accounted for 22 per cent.
The gold bars and gold coins stock about 43,000 tons, or 20 per cent, and the gold tf, supported by gold in kind, about 0.35 million tons, or 2 per cent. In addition, central banks hold about 17 per cent of the total gold, totalling about 357,000 tons. The rest of the gold is used for various industrial purposes or held by other financial institutions, or about 15 per cent of the total.
2.2 The supply of gold is evenly distributed and the share of investment demand has increased significantly. The supply of gold consists mainly of mineral gold, the producer's net hedge and the recovery of gold, which is the main source of gold and accounts for about 76% of the total supply of gold. World Gold Association data show that the global supply of gold is stable.
Between 2016 and 2022, it was maintained at around 4,800 tons. Global gold mineral volumes showed an annual upward trend, and according to the World Gold Association, gold mineral volumes increased from 2270 tons in 1992 to 3649 tons in 2022, accounting for the annual gold supply, which, in terms of the geographical distribution of mineral gold supply, showed a gradual trend towards even distribution among regions in the twentieth century.
In the early 1990s, the global supply of gold was mainly in Africa and North America; it was followed by a rapid rise in the volume of gold in Asia and an increase in gold production in South America. Currently, the global supply of gold is distributed widely and evenly, ensuring a more stable primary supply of gold and reducing the risks associated with supply shocks.
Global gold demand was stable before the epidemic, with around 4,300 tons required throughout the year. In 2020, as a result of the new global coronary pneumonia epidemic, the demand for gold for gold fell sharply, leading to a decline in global gold demand of 15.51 to 3679.3 tons.
The central bank has also begun to increase its purchases, pushing for a rapid increase in the demand for gold, which rose to 4706.3 tons in 2022. The demand structure for gold has changed significantly since 2000, and the proportion of gold used to build gold and technology has increased rapidly.
By contrast, gold accounts for 46.86% of total gold demand as an investment in gold bars, gold coins, etc. Europe contributes the main increase in gold bars and gold coin demand. Europe is currently one of the largest regional gold investment markets in the world.
The demand for European investment gold and gold coins has experienced two surges since the beginning of the global financial crisis in 2008, followed by a sovereign debt crisis that engulfed Europe, where investors could use gold assets to protect their wealth, and the demand for European gold bars and gold coins increased significantly in 2008; and the demand for European investment in gold increased significantly again in the wake of the 2020 outbreak.
By the early 1990’s, until 2010, the global central bank had hoped to reduce its large reserves of gold after the collapse of the gold-based system and the Bretton Woods system. But the global financial crisis turned yellow on central banks.
The mindset of the gold reserve has served as a catalyst, starting in 2010 with the Global Central Bank becoming a net purchaser of gold, buying 6815 tons between 2010 and 2022. The post-epidemiological period witnessed a further acceleration in the pace of central bank purchases, which reached 1078.5 tons in 2022 alone.
2.3 At the end of the Fed ' s interest-added cycle, the real interest rate, or the lower rate, will raise the price of the gold, according to our January 2023 report, " The Golden Cow will kick in and the silver will go along " , the start-up of the current Fed ' s interest-added cycle, with continued high inflation worldwide and a gradual shift in the yield curve of the United States debt from a positive to a reversal of the structure.
In July 2022, if short-end inflation data for the United States were to rise significantly since 2020, based on the length of previous rounds of inversion, and if they were to continue until the third quarter of 2023, medium- and long-end inflation was expected to rise in the context of the continued rise in global prices of major raw materials. Inflation data for major global economies have declined significantly since 2023, 2023.
In August, the United States cpi was 3.7 per cent more than expected, the core cpi was 4.3 per cent more than expected, and the July poe was 3.3 per cent compared to 3.3 per cent compared with 4.2 per cent compared to 4.2 per cent compared with market expectations.
Now in reverse structure, inflation is expected to operate at the center of the boom. Figure 19: United States inflation expected duration structure (in %) Figure 20: United States pce inflation forecast (in %)
In August, the United States cpi exceeded expectations, but mainly because of the rise in crude oil prices, the core cpi, which eliminated crude oil and food prices, returned smoothly. The Fed’s September fomc meeting was suspended on schedule to maintain the federal fund’s target rate of 5.25 to 5.5%.
In September, the Fed’s austerity cycle was nearing its end, and the market expected a 25bp interest increase in July will be the last interest increase in the cycle and will begin to lower nominal interest rates in 2024.
Recalculation of historical gold prices and real interest rates reveals a significant negative correlation. Gold, as a non-interest-bearing asset, is priced in relation to the dollar credit system. If the gold rent rate is taken into account, the gold is more like a negative bond, and the real interest rate of the United States debt for different periods of time is declining in a trend that encourages some investors to think that the opportunity cost of holding gold is lower, and the choice is made.
Holding gold leads to a rise in gold prices. The release phase may lead to a gradual reversal of the nominal interest-rate curve of the US debt, leading to a further expansion of the real interest-rate spread and an overall downward shift in the interest-rate centre of different durations, which could help drive the price of gold up further.
2.4 The highest relative return on the gold stock before the actual interest reduction, according to our report " The highest relative return on the gold stock before the actual interest reduction " , issued in April 2023, the Federal Reserve has the most visible time frame for the relative return on the gold equity assets before the actual interest reduction, and the gold and gold shares are now more time-consuming than the Fed.
We (1) stop the interest increase until the start of the interest reduction period and allocate the best time period for the gold stock. The Fed stops the interest increase or is about to stop the time point until the Federal Reserve starts to start the first or second interest reduction.
The relative returns on gold stocks are even more pronounced between good times and good times. (2) Second or third interest rates fall to the expected liquidity margin tightening period to allocate the gold stock to a sub-optimal period. The second or third interest reduction point of the Fed’s interest-reduction cycle begins until the expected tightening of the Fed’s liquidity margins.
The relative increase in gold prices will be greater than in the previous period. While gold stocks remain in absolute terms during this period, relative returns are significantly lower than in the previous period, and relative gains are more difficult to capture, requiring greater inter-segment fluctuations.
In the last two rounds of optimal configuration, the Fed released liquidity at a time point that was more relevant to major global risk events and before they were actually relaxed.
At the margins of liquidity tightening, which may be linked to the economic data at the time, or to the switchover of the Fed’s monetary policy instruments, liquidity tightening can only be judged later. (4) The volume and price of liquidity are equally important, and the monetary policy mix of interest-reduction plus amplification is more friendly to gold prices and gold stocks.
After the Fed’s monthly interest increase was reduced, gold prices and gold stocks have entered the opportunity to be traded on the right. For the Federal Reserve’s judgement as to whether and when interest rates will fall in the year, it is more likely to be the end of the period when the gold stock will be the easiest to reap.
The challenge is to find growth indicators that have previously been underestimated in the market. Thirdly, there are significant cost advantages, and the gold master industry goes even further.
In order to guarantee high-quality development and increase resilience to risks, the company is committed to integrating high-quality mineral resources and continuously increasing the stock of prospecting. In 2016, the company, in association with other shareholders, set up the Shanghai Shengwei Platform and acquired the mining resources of Canadian multinational gold producers and explorers Elado in China, including Shiratai, Jilin and Qinghai.
In October 2017, the company acquired 10.40 per cent of the shares of Shanghai Shenwei Investment Ltd. by means of cash purchases; and distributed 335 million shares to Shanghai Shenwe shareholders to purchase 89.38 per cent of the shares of Shanghai Shenjie at a trade price of 60 per cent of the Chinese gold mine, the main asset of which is the Man City gold mine.
By 2022, the company had a combined stock of 173.9 tons of gold and an equity gold metal of 137.29 tons, and the largest gold mines, including the Greater Black River and the Great Cheydan of Qinghai, were among the largest.
In recent years, the company has completed the expansion of the Heroes Galaxy plant to 1250 tons/and the Gilling Temple to 800,000 tons/year, and the expansion project to complete the promotion of the production capacity of the company's mining capacity, which to the end of 2022 totalled 2.75 million.
At the same time, the company has continued to promote increased deposits of prospecting, projects have been steadily carried out, and if the Qinghai Qingqian “Survey” project is completed, the Chinese gold mine will be successfully resumed, the company's stock of high-quality gold assets and resources will continue to grow, the selection capacity will be expected to increase further, the company will be able to contribute to sustainable development and the company's position in the gold mining industry will be raised.
The company’s main gold products are alloys and silver alloys, which are sold mainly to the gold-melting enterprise, which at the time of sale calculates the price of gold and silver separately, and the sales price is based on the price of the Shanghai gold exchange.
After the gold enterprise gradually tilted its operations towards the gold plate, with the partial acquisition of the mine and the scaling up of its production, the production of alloys growing from 5.57 tons in 2018 to a steady level of about 7 tons in recent years, and the company ' s gold plate production rising significantly, with a higher grosser rate of stacked gold, further increasing the company ' s profit margin.
It is difficult to produce properly, and the production of alloys is 7.06 tons, a decrease of 2.08 per cent in the same year. (1) The Black River Galaxy mine: a national green mine with a high grade and easy to use for smelting purposes, a small number of shallow deposits of low-temperature hydrothermal gold from the Galactic mine, and a national green mine, which is a domestic option.
One of the most high-grade and easy-to-metallurgical gold mines is entirely competitive. The main products of the Milky Way mining industry are high silver alloys, 2.98 tons of mineral gold were produced in 2022, 18.09 tons of mineral silver, with net profits of up to $635 million, and net profits of 56% of the company’s net return to the mother, making a significant contribution to the company’s performance.
Figure 25: The contribution of the Black River Galaxy to the company's performance is clear
Tons, with an additional 214.1 million tons of ore in stock, 0.7 tons of gold and 16.32 tons of silver metal; and completion of open-air mining in 2019 into underground mining for the expansion of production capacity by 1,200 tons per day of new plants, near completion of the rehabilitation of the site and completion of phase I and II of the construction of the new tailings bank by 2020.
Full completion of the expansion of the 1250-tonne-day plant on September, with a new mining licence for the Dong An gold mine in December of the same year, with production increasing from 1485 to 375,000 tons/year.
Tons, average grade 3.4 g/t, silver metal 23.36 g/t, average grade 63.0 g/t. In March 2023, Silver Shirts were subjected to a detailed survey of the perimeter of the Orient Rock Mine 5 in Heilongjiang Province, located in the Seventh Geological Survey of Heilongjiang Province.
(ii) The Qinghai Great Zaydan mining industry, which is located in a priority mining area, is expected to improve production capacity. After the acquisition of the Qinghai Big Zaydan mining, which was shut down, it officially resumed production in April 2019. The Qinghai mining industry is a major multi-billion dollar mine, with a net profit of $321 million and a net profit of 29 per cent of the company’s return to its mother.
Qinghai Big Chaidan is located in a high-priority, non-ferrous metal mine on the beach in Qinghai Province. As of 2022, 16,37.37 million tons of ores were retained at the bottom, 65.95 tons of gold metal and 131.44 million tons of ore and 6.85 tons of gold metal were stored. According to the Natural Resources Network, as of March 2023, the Blue Dragon Trench gold mine produced 400,000 tons.
In the year 2020, the Great Chaidan of the Qinghai Sea completed the filing of the report on the stock of mineral resources, and in late 2022, the search process was completed, with a mining licence (new) for the gold of the Qingguys expected to be obtained in 2023. In the year 2020, the report on the stock evaluation of mineral resources was completed. The plan is to obtain the certificate of mining rights for the Qinglong Trench gold in 2023 (11, 111 mines).
With the completion of the “stalking” it is expected that the gold mine will reach 600,000 tons/year, the gold mine in the Blue Dragon Trench will be upgraded, and the “stalking” project will widen the boundaries of the great woody resources of the Qinghai and expand the reserves of the resources.
The Jillin Tablet is now a mechanized, digital, highly secure and modern mine that is managed at a state-of-the-art level. The Jillin Tablet opens up the ramps, then fills up the mining method with a number of empty fields, uses deep boreholes, a remote remote-control technology and an actual survey of the cave detector mining area, advanced mining, mine selection and tailings.
Art has increased leaching and gold recovery rates and reduced land tenure problems caused by waste rock accumulation. The main products of the temples are low silver alloys, with 2015.24 kg of mineral gold produced in 2022 and 375.72 kg of mineral silver produced in 2022, resulting in a net profit of $181 million. By the end of the year 2022, the number of temple ores on the Jilin tablet was 5.405 million tons and the amount of metal in gold was 20.59 tons.
Since the birth, a good balance of exploration has been maintained, resource retention has remained stable and sustainable. In 2022, the Jilin Temple continued its exploration work and found important mineralization clues. The original design report showed that the Jilin Temple was produced on a scale of 660,000 tonnes/year, with the tailings bank plus high construction and life in 2018.
The extension of capacity to 800,000 tonnes/year of resource development and the completion of the review and filing of the detailed report on the right to prospecting through the 2019 end-of-mine terminal expansion project through safety and environmental monitoring and certification. The 2020 company completed the approval and exchange of licences for the production of the 800,000 tonnes/year extension project, and the transfer of the right to prospecting for the slates of gold and polymetallic mines was completed the same year.
Jean, a subsidiary, Silver Tae Seon-seung, signed an agreement with the Non-ferrous Metals Geological Survey Department of Australasia and Jilin Province, Unit 602, to transfer prospecting rights for slab trenches, gold and polymetallic mines to Silver Tae Seong-seung and to successfully integrate the rights of the pavilion mines. (4) Float gold mines: high-quality mines, looking forward to a return to production.
The Chinese gold mine, which is a type of kalin gold mine, is a rare, high-quality mine in the country, with a low cost of immersion and a lower cost of post-partum recovery. It is located 32 km south-west of Man City, Dhongzhou, Yunnan Province, and is located in the area of the mine, where the company acquired ownership of the Chinese gold mine and provided full-cost loans to repay the debt, and the licence was lifted in January 2022.
Figure 29: Portfolio of postnatal gold mining processes in China, with 2,325,000 tons of ore resources, 70.67 tons of gold metal and an average grade of 3.04 g/t at the end of 2022. According to the company ' s announcement on the acquisition of the Chinese gold mine, by the end of 2020, the mining resources controlled by the Man City gold mine were controlled by the company.
16,275,000 tons, 50,62 tons of gold and metals, with an average gold grade of 3.11 g/t; extrapolated mineral resources of 6.95 million tons, gold metal volume of 20.05 tons and gold average grade of 2.89 g/t.
According to the Ministry of Natural Resources, the company plans to raise its production to 1.2 million tons per year. If the gold mine returns successfully, it is expected to be the highest single-carrying mine in the company, which will significantly increase the company’s profitability and expand the company’s industry.
3.2 Low-gold production costs contribute to the high-profit gold plate. Precious metal mines under the company's flag are large-scale high-grade mines with a competitive full cost and high interest rates in the gold mining industry. 1h2023 alloys are 60.52 per cent, significantly higher than other companies in the same industry, with a higher rate of Maori.
The company’s cost per unit of mineral gold has increased in recent years, but still has a significant cost advantage among its counterparts, with gold production costs of $167.54/g in 2022.
This company, as a gold star, is growing rapidly and producing on a larger scale. No comparison has been made between the collection and the cost of its own gold.
The company relies heavily on the company's subsidiary Yulong's silver plate, which holds the right to mine two pieces of silver lead and zinc mines, 1118 highlands, the outlying areas of Hanaboott, 4 of the 1038 highlands.
By the end of 2022, the company had held 6,921.2 tons of silver metal, 60,850 tons of lead metal, zinc gold, and the Tamalong mine, which is one of the largest single-body mines of the country's mineral and silver, with a higher rate of Maori in the mines. The Tamalong mine is located in the town of Bayan, the town of Shijumu, and is located in the non-ferrous metal belts in the north-eastern part of Mongolia.
The northern part of China is made of polymetallic belts, rich in non-ferrous metal resources, concentrated in mines and less than 100 km from the nearest lead and zinc smelter, and is mined underground, with the main methods of production being the shallow-hole mining method, the medium-deep-hole blasting empty-field method, and points.
There are better mineral endowments, lead concentrates are easy to sell because of the content of precious metals, zinc concentrates are accompanied by a variety of small metals, and production processes are advanced, and the combined recovery benefits are good, and 1058.6 million tons of zinc metal are made available to large smelters.
The amount of lead metal is 41.01 million tons and the amount of zinc metal is 54.98 million tons; the amount of silver metal is 480.37 tons, lead 4.92 million tons and zinc 94.1 million tons of metals are contained in the mining segment of the Oyster Pott Hill. At the same time, the Yulong mining industry continues to promote increased deposits of prospecting and is rich in domestic resources, with 2239.03 tons of silver metal, 14.92 million tons of lead and 41.47 million tons of zinc metal being explored;
The amount of silver metal content is 78.7g/t, lead metal content is 0.61, zinc metal content is 1.91%, copper metal is 0.33%, tin metal is 0.09%. The company’s main lead and zinc silver resource is being enhanced by the company’s resource reserves in the Yulong mining sector.
In April 2021, work began on the expansion of the 1,400-tonne/day mining plant, which was completed and increased to 3000-t/day. In July 2022, the 3,000-tonne-day plant entered the pilot phase of production and was operational in September of the same year.
According to the investor relationship record sheet for November of the same year, the processing volume has increased the production of 13,022 tons of silver and 9155 tons of lead and zinc, which are higher than the production of 1h2022. The company’s performance in the lead and zinc plate has been further enhanced by the upgrading of the plant’s technical support.
In 2019, the mining difficulties in the region affected the sale of lead and zinc silver products, the fall in revenue led to a fall in net profits, and the negative impact of the loss began to rise in 2020. The rise in raw material prices and the Beijing Olympics in 2022 affected production, with the Yulong mine net profit falling by 26 to 256 million yuan per year. In the first half of 2023, the Yulong mine was produced normally.
The company’s lead and zinc concentrates are sold mainly to smelters, silver metals are mostly found in lead ore, and smelting plants are recovering in the smelting chain. The company’s lead and zinc plates have performed well in recent years, and production of the products has grown year by year.
Other mines in the region are inundated by delays in the start of work, and production is not expected throughout the year. In early 2022, after the Olympics and Paralympics, the Yulong mine was unable to purchase explosives that made it difficult for normal production to operate, the Yulong mine returned to production after the adverse factors were removed, while the project to expand the plant proceeded smoothly, with the company producing 7 to 190.74 tons of silver, lead, lead, lead, lead, lead, lead, lead, and silver.
Premiums grew by 12 per cent to 118 million tons over the same period, zinc concentrates by 34 per cent to 1.77 million tons over the same year, and lead and silver production was dominated by gold in Shandong, achieving the “1+1>2” of silver and Thai gold as a new gold star that has grown rapidly in recent years.
The company transfers control, further synergies, and Shandong gold contributes to the technology and scale of mining, smelting and smelting.
Power companies increase their production, increase their profitability, and increase their level of sustainable development. In general, Shandong gold and the company's pre-existing advantages will be fully realized, with the effect of “1+1>2.” 5.1 Shandong gold industry is at the forefront, and resources are strong enough to achieve the global picture.
At the end of 2022, Shandong gold owned 16 gold mines, both at sea and abroad, and two mining companies, Shandong gold smelting and Shenzhen precious metals, serving as smelters in the interior of the country.
From its inception, Shandong gold, starting from within Shandong Province, has been gradually expanding its resources through in-house prospecting and external mergers and acquisitions, and has now formed a resource layout for the co-development of “Ni-Ni-Ni-Ni-Sandong Province-Overseas.” As of the end of 2022,
The total amount of gold held in Shandong is 1431.4 tons, gold held in 565.18 tons, equity held in 1318.56 tons and equity held in 497.48 tons, respectively.
At the end of 2022, the Shandong Gold Group, which was established in 1996, was among the leading players in the national gold industry in terms of gold production, resource reserves, economic efficiency and technical strength. At the end of 2022, the Shandong Gold Group had 35 prospecting rights and 13 mining rights, 22 of which had yet to identify the amount of resources.
Figure 39: Gold resources of the Shandong Gold Group for prospecting and mining rights amount to 981.82 tons of gold from Shandong and 5.2 tons of gold from Shandong.
In December 2022, Shandong gold invested with China silver gold gold gold gold gold gold gold gold with China silver gold gold gold gold gold with China silver gold gold with China ' s Chinese army, and Mr. Shen's share transfer agreement with China ' s Chinese government gold gold gold is intended to receive 20.93% of the shares of companies that combined investment with China ' s silver gold investment. In January 2023, Mr. Shen ' s army and the Silver Thai group signed a supplementary agreement with Shandong gold on the transfer of shares.
The parties agreed on a transfer price of RMB 21.96 per share, or RMB 12.76 billion per share. In July 2023, the registration process was completed, with Shandong Gold holding 23,099% of the shares after the change of interests, and the company’s real owner became the State Finance Committee of Shandong Province.
Figure 40: Corporate equity structure (biannual report up to 2023) Figure 41: Strong regional synergy based on the geographical distribution of Shandong gold and its controlling shareholders, the Shandong gold group, and the company ' s assets, will be formed by the 23,099% shareholding of Shandong gold after the merger is completed
(1) The Qinghai Great Chaidan gold mine is located in Qinghaixi County and facilitates regional synergies and complementarities with the Qinghai mines, smelters and mapping units under the Qinghai gold group. (2) Alloys, lead concentrates (with silver) and zinc concentrates (with silver) produced by the company can be close to the Qingdong gold group.
Smelting by smelters, producing gold and non-ferrous metals, smelting industry synergies, reducing the cost of smelting and reducing the loss of metals. (3) Regional lead and silver industry can be achieved by companies such as Al-Hada mine, white-sounding mining, Red Ridge and Gold and Silver Lead in Mount Akak, under the flag of the Western Ujumu in Mongolia.
Co-development and construction of coloured mining bases in the interior of the country. (4) Supply Chain Management Ltd., Silver Tae Sheng Hong, is located in Shanghai, and can complement and create regional synergies with the Gold Controls of Shandong Gold Centre and Shandong Gold Company, which are affiliated with Shandong Gold.
Strategic planning for future development will play the role of Shandong gold and the company “1+1>2,” which will build on the state-owned business’s best practices, and the private sector will make better use of its pre-existing advantages with strong support and firm endorsement of state-owned capital. By entering Shandong gold, the company will close the resource gap in Shandong gold in the three provinces and Yunnan, among others.
Gold's resource layout has been effectively expanded and supplemented. 5.3 Commitments to address peer competition, adapting and buying resources.
Minerals and zinc concentrates, alloys need to be refined to become standard gold, and the company’s alloys are essentially upstream of Shandong gold products. At the same time, there are significant differences between the main customers, the main customers of Shandong gold are the Shanghai gold exchange, and the main customers of Silver Thai gold are the gold smelters.
There are significant differences, as mining rights and prospecting rights held by both parties cover areas that are independent and do not have any cross-covering conditions, and therefore it is not expected that the transaction will raise significant competition issues.The Shandong Gold Group, which is a shareholder of Shandong gold, and some of the enterprises it controls, have some cross-cutting aspects of the company’s business.
After taking control of the company, and before maintaining stability in the company's current production and operations, the Gold Group plans to inject high-quality non-ferrous sheet assets under its flag into the company, where the quality of the assets is consistent with the relevant requirements of the CSRC, to support the company's development and the exercise of its inherent advantages.
The Shandong Gold Group and its controlling shareholder, Shandong Gold Group, have committed themselves, within five years from the date of taking control of the company, to pursue sound business integration through the reorganization of assets, business restructuring, commissioning, etc., in order to address peer and potential competition with the company; Shandong Gold continues to be independent of the company on the basis of the principles of openness, fairness and impartiality
To compete in the market without compromising the interests of the company and its small and medium-sized shareholders, domestic resources are to be acquired by the company and Shandong gold from each side around existing mines, while avoiding competition between the company and its small and medium-sized shareholders and making better use of existing mines on both sides.
Production facilities continue to be used to reduce the construction costs of new mergers and acquisitions of mines. For overseas resources, mergers and acquisitions are carried out according to the characteristics of the company and Shandong gold, and large amounts of gold are made from Shandong gold, and modest amounts of silver and Thai gold are purchased by companies.
With a wealth of M & As experience, and based on the advanced production management philosophy and management experience of the international mining company, the future will be based on guaranteed internal and external M & As and increased resource reserves. Gold prices assume an average gold price of $392/g in 2022. Global central bank gold purchases continue, and the Fed ' s interest-added cycle is close.
The price of silver is assumed to be $448/460/g. (The average price of gold is $442/g since the beginning of 2023.) The price of silver is assumed to be $4.65/g for 2022. In terms of financial attributes, the Fed is entering the final stage of interest hikes, or will push the price upwards; in terms of commodity properties, silver powder is the main raw material for light-volatile silver slurry, and the light-volt machine increases the price of silver.
Zinc prices are assumed to be 253,000 yuan per ton in 2022. The current global supply of zinc concentrates is slowing down, stock growth is limited, incremental projects are affected by falling exploration expenditures in the previous period, and zinc concentrates are still needed. On the demand side, new infrastructure in the country provides a long-term growth dynamic for zinc consumption.
The price of lead is assumed to be $15.2 million per ton in 2022. Lead is associated with minerals, and the rate of increase in the supply of lead concentrates has slowed in tandem with that of zinc concentrates, but renewable lead provides some supplements. Lithium ion ' s new energy production has increased and its energy is high.
Density will replace lead-acid batteries, but lead-acid batteries, with their low-cost advantage, still have some room for growth in applications such as auto start-up and electric two-wheel drive systems. With slower supply growth and more stable demand, we have a common gold cost: companies have higher grades and lower costs of producing gold, we expect corporate alloys to remain stable, falsely.
The cost of alloys in 2023-2025 is maintained at $168/g and the cost of alloys in silver at $2.03/g. The cost of lead zinc concentrates is assumed to be maintained at $6791/t in 2023-2025, the cost of zinc concentrates at $8524/t and the cost of lead zinc concentrates at $1.81/g.
Consumable gold sales: We expect to increase corporate alloy production as the Qinghai Great Chaidan moves forward, assuming alloys, lead concentrate sales: we expect production rates to remain at 100%, 2023 - we select other companies in the gold industry, such as Shandong, Naka-King gold, Hung-nam gold as comparable companies, as we expand the production capacity of the Yulong mining plant.
The cap gives a “buy-in” rating. The combination of demand, macro-political economic factors, etc., can have an impact on corporate performance if gold prices fluctuate significantly.
The growth in the size of corporate alloys and lead and zinc concentrates depends on the construction of mines and the climbing of production capacity, which, if not expanded as expected, will have an impact on the company’s revenues and profits. Safety and environmental management risks. External regulation of safety and environmental protection is becoming more stringent, although the company’s safety and environmental protection situation remains stable.
There is still some uncertainty about the internal and external conditions in the production process, which poses a risk to the company's safe and environmentally sound production, and an analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market within a week and two months and three months.