The high growth in the income of the drug industry is in line with the increase in the value of the series, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company issued a fast-track report on its business earnings in 2017, a net return profit, and a high deduction of its net profits, respectively, which were in line with the judgement, with a series of price increases. According to the fast-track report on company performance, the operating income in 2017 was approximately $3.72 billion, an increase of about 61.4 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the following: 1) the core product portfolio
The price of the  series has risen. We estimate that the year-round sales of the  series will increase by more than 30%, and that, as the demand for the terminal rises and corporate marketing increases, and the effect of the price increases on the Māori rate in 2016/2017, the pharmaceutical business is expected to generate about $1.07 billion in new revenues.
The parent company’s high growth series is largely determined, so it is judged that the company’s pre-existing circulation business, etc., may be increasing or declining, but has less impact on the overall net profit. The solar panels are growing steadily, but the toothpaste series is growing faster.
The increase is about 45.7%, which we believe is due mainly to the large increase in profits due to the growth in sales of a series of products, and the company’s control over the q4 quarter and the entire year’s cost is better than market expectations. Public goods will benefit from rising consumption because of their scarcity and luxury properties.
It's clear, it's changed from a business-based approach to active marketing. The current model of a light asset experience shop has led to a gradual move from Fujian to China, South China, North China, and the rest of the country.
The experience shop model and related policies will continue to be advanced.a, the strengthening of the building of the video shop will result in a significant increase in self-employment to 20-30% of income, with the experience shop channel expected to double or double in 2017;b, the strengthening of the profit margin for the product end price management guarantee channel and the provision of the experience shop and distributors
Policies are more liberal in order to promote product sales: 2) scarcity strengthens the logic of price increases. There is an increasing competition for natural musk demand across the country. We believe that products and raw materials are scarce, and that consumer end-acceptance after last round of price increases still exists.a, is the valuation expensive?
But we believe that the uniqueness of their products, their scarcity and the special nature of their stage of development deserve high valuation; b, higher rates and the possibility of continuing price increases; c, raw materials stress? We believe that the supply of musk, although tight, is still fragmented within the industry, and that for companies, the supply of musk is safe, mainly because
The company’s raw material production bottlenecks are weak and grow in the long term. Controls are strengthened, and the flow of medicine revenue increases 53-fold, 40-fold, respectively.
Thirty times. We have long seen the company’s scarcity and product price-added logic. As companies grow stronger in the marketing field, promoting a growing brand image to drive a series of large health sales, with steady income growth and a strong expectation of a “buy-in” rating following the creation of the M & A fund.
The Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.