In the evening of yesterday, the company announced an increase in its performance in 2017, attributed to the projected net profits of shareholders in listed companies.
The growth in the sale of the products of the parent company Pharmacy Industries led to a rise in profits; in addition, the disposal of the shares of Fujianthare Technology Ltd. had an impact on the company’s current profits and losses of approximately $21.32 million.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company realized a net return to the mother of $674 million, with a single-quarter profit average of approximately $224 million and a relatively smooth performance; based on year-round performance forecasts, we measured a net return profit to the mother of the fourth quarter of the quarter of the year of approximately 0.77-184 billion, mainly because the fourth quarter was a high point in the concentration of the company's annual costs:
On the one hand, the growth of companies in the quarter is steady, and in the fourth quarter of 2017 we forecast a growth rate of about $900 million, which is partly due to the growth of pharmaceutical business under the company's umbrella (principally implemented by Xiamen Xiao Xiaoyan medicine) and some of the core products of the pharmaceutical industry.
Some of the company's pharmaceutical industry's core products are titanium, and the efficacy of the treatment is mainly liver protection, which is used for acute viral hepatitis, anthrax, etc., and the first three quarters of this year, the company received 1,072 million hepatic drugs.
The raw material used in the Quantico, which includes natural musk, oxen, etc., is valuable. Since 2005, due to the limited current stock of natural musk in the country, the State has been strictly managing the natural musk, applying a quota system, and raising artificial mussels.
There is a long-term basis for price increases. Ten years in 2007-2017, prices rose by 15% twice every two years; foreign supply prices increased by no more than US$ 3 (currently about US$ 48 per particle). We estimate that the annual increase in the sales of hepatitis drugs (Photo) is 35-40%.
Taking into account the impact of price hikes, the volume of Xanax sales is expected to increase by more than 30%, the volume of core products is rising rapidly, the value of the company's brand has been expanded to the full extent of solarization, the new engine for future performance growth, the higher domestic and foreign profile of the Xanax, the company's daily array of cosmetics, toothpaste, etc.
In comparison with the success of the current Chinese industry, we believe that the company’s core product, Xanadu and Yunnan, are among the most famous ethnic groups, and that the country’s top secret level, and the future will be compared to the future, which will be the next day.
A new engine of performance growth in the future. The profit forecast and investment rating is limited by the availability of precious medicinal ingredients such as natural musk, and refers to the history of the core product.
Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the People’s University of China and currently President of the United Nations Securities Institute.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.