We think the company is a small and powerful brand, a continuous upswing.
Companies with strong channels. The company's exclusive product plate is a top-secret national formula, known for its effectiveness as a “state treasure drug” and its customers are highly sticky; its main raw material, musk, is a scarce drug that is strictly controlled by the state and is not available for many years, with cost pressures leading to a sustained increase in the price of the product; the company does not have access to it.
The company’s exclusive product plate, which is a top-secret formulation of the state, is known for its efficacy as “national treasure medicine.”
Its core component, natural musk, is a scarcely controlled drug that has been in short supply for many years, rising from 150,000/kg in 10 years to 450,000/kg at present. Natural yolk is maintained at 120,000/kg. The scarcity and value of raw materials determine the nature of the price increases, so the price increases are determined.
High; and, due to the effectiveness of the treatment, the population’s base is strong, and demand is growing steadily. The parent company’s three-quarter advance of $555.2 million, the highest ever, also reflects the high demand for the end.
Positive marketing reforms have significantly increased sales and will continue to strengthen channels and branding in the future. Companies have been actively changing marketing patterns from the original sit-in system to active marketing, using regional distribution, vip sales, and a variety of experiential marketing models.
The company has focused on strengthening the end-of-life shop, which currently stands at about 100, and will in the future have more experience shops in the Long Triangle, Kyouta, Lakes, and South-West regions, and expand sales nationwide. At the same time, the company will continue to increase its overseas branding and its outreach to sales people.
Incentives to further increase brand visibility and promote sales growth. 2017 performance reports continued to grow at a high rate of value for core products. Companies issued their 2017 performance reports, yielding revenue of $3.727 billion over the reporting period, compared with $3.727 billion.
Growth of 61.42%; net profit of $761 million from non-return to the mother, or 45.73% from the same year. Excellent performance, supermarket expectations. Higher core product series prices were the main reason for high performance growth.
Income of $1,071 million; expected to be protected by active marketing and price increases in the Core Varieties series; strong right-hand, company-driven marketing performance; under-saled sales of the Core Varieties; below-expected expansion of the experience shop model; original materials
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
Tang Chow Woo, Zhang Waia, Go wise Ting.
Twilight.