(i) Continue to write the dream, build a semiconductor company with a long history of the middle ring, concentrate on "silicon" major industries, have thick thin hair, use single crystal silicon as a core product, take advantage of existing experience and technology in the silicon field, step by step
In the semiconductor and new energy industries, the company’s operating income was $9.256 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 68.91 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return of $426 million, a decrease of 6.02 per cent in the same year.
The firm's equity incentives are about to be implemented, and the core cadre will benefit fully from the company's future growth.
In the first three years of production, with an investment of $9,852 million in efficient solar monocrystalization four and four conversion projects, it is expected to produce about 25gw per year. We estimate that, at present, more than 100 million yuan in net profits, with the price of silicon returning to normal levels, the net profit of the project should be 800 million.
Single-crystal lead companies, actively expanding their circle of friends, are actively working with upstream and downstream companies. The conglomerates of industry leaders, the Tungwei Group and East Power, sunpower, among others, invest in each other’s key subsidiaries, creating an advantage in industrial partnerships.
It's not only a good strategic friendship with upstream and downstream enterprises, it's a better way to enjoy the benefits of growth up and down, and Xinjiang's project is expected to increase the company's investment revenue by nearly $200 million in 2019. And, most importantly, it will help the company to concentrate on the silicon business and the city.
The silicon silicon silicon project has gradually landed, providing kinetic energy for subsequent growth The silicon silicon monocrystal technology in the company's large diameter area has been industrialized and the silicon silicon silicon in the 8-inch area has been produced.
In the Mon region, 8-12 inches of semiconductor straight single crystal research and development have been established, the manufacturing centre has been expanded to expand large diameter straight line single crystal production capacity, and the 12 inches of crystals have entered the process evaluation phase.
(002129): Cost increases affect profit growth rates, waiting for large silicon contributions performance. 2018-08-24 Policy for the photovoltaic sector is sustainable and looks forward to the long-term development of the industry
The goal of clean replacement of new energy sources remains unchanged, with the “5.31” New Deal having seen a major blow to the photovoltaic industrial chain, with prices for silicon, silicon and components falling by about 30%. The “11.2” Energy Bureau meeting proposed a 2019 policy on the photovoltaic sector. The State is determined to support private enterprise development.
The silica chain price has fallen further; the silicon silicon production of the semiconductor has failed to release as expected; and the large silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon is in the future.
It should be 29.4 x, 17.6 x and 12.8 x, taking into account the company ' s leading position in the field of solar monocrystals and its semiconduction 1, a conservative estimate of the price of 8 inches of silicon at $45 per piece.2 The company ' s sales of solar silicon in 2019 and 2020 were 25gw, 30gw: average cost of 3 yuan per piece, and
Previously, the market had generally recognized that the company ' s Māori rate was lower than that of industry and that there was insufficient cost-control capacity. The fact is that the advantage of production in Māori rates and capacity utilization rates is that the net interest rate of the company ' s new production capacity has increased quarterly, to a level of over 5%, and that the company ' s technological advantage on the n solar silicon is still expected to continue to rise.
For large silicons, the market believes that there is uncertainty about the company’s silicon project. At present, the company’s Tianjin project is well on its way to production, the Tin-Free 8-inch project will gradually reach production next year, and the semiconductor plate’s profitability will increase in certainty.
The Division, as the lead company in the field of semiconductor silicon in the country, is strongly supported by technology and is expected to produce 12 inches of semiconductor silicon as a result of the production of eight inches of semiconductor silicon batches.
2. The price of semiconductor silicon tablets has increased further, and the company ' s silicon production has released a boost, while the semiconductor silicon production has not released as much as expected:3 The price of large silicon tablets will decline in the future.
I. The long-standing semiconductor company, which focuses on the “silicon” main industry, has a thick thin hair (i) fluorescent, semiconductor, with a distinct route from “silicon”, Tianjin Central Semiconductor, Inc., was established in 1999 (formerly Tianjin City, 1969).
The company is the only “national” shareholder in the PV sector, the Tianjin Central Electronic Information Group Ltd., with 28.34% of the company's equity.
The municipality of Zin has authorized large groups of enterprises operating State-owned assets, which now own 269 State-owned, State-owned and participating enterprises (6 listed companies) and 40 three-owned enterprises with assets totalling $94.8 billion and 50,000 employees. It is ranked 101st in China ' s 500th largest enterprises and 34th in China ' s 500th largest manufacturing industry.
With monocrystal silicon as its core product, the company has gradually expanded its operations in semiconductor and new energy industries, using the experience and technology available in the silicon sector, including semiconductor materials, semiconductor equipment, new energy materials, and the construction of high-efficiency light voltage plants. After years of effort, the company has gradually evolved into leading firms in semiconductor and photovoltaic industries.
The combined power of silicon monocrystal-silicon tablets in semiconductor areas is in the first place in the country, the third in the world, with a market share of 18 per cent (over 75 per cent in the domestic market) and a photovoltaic single crystal in the second place in the world. (ii) Corporate overseas operations are stable, and the Māori rate is rising steadily.
Millions of yuan, or 35.06 per cent more than the previous year. Under the New Deal of “531,” competition in the photovoltaic sector increased, prices in the entire industry chain fell, and the rate of start-up dropped. In the first three quarters of 2018, corporate operating income was $9.256 billion, an increase of 68.91 per cent.
After the “5.31” New Deal, the price of the industrial chain fell, the company’s Māori rate was more stable than the industry, the q3 Māori ring was reduced by 0.89%, and cost control capacity became more pronounced. After the end of the 4th and 4th transformations, the Māori rate of the new capacity became more pronounced, and the company is now fully operational.
(iii) Equity incentives are about to be implemented and the core cadre will fully benefit from the growth of the company
Incentive funds are allocated to those who have met the criteria. Incentives are funded in an equal amount, based on the amount of the equity incentive funds received (after taxation), and are locked in the central ring shares acquired through financial products before the end of the period when they are allocated to the core management backbone, the core technical backbone, the marketing backbone, and the “Technology and Craft type” talent.
The following net profit shall mean net profit attributable to the parent company after deduction of non-recurring gains or losses:
(a) When the net profit arithmetical average is y per year, the t annual credit shall not exceed 5 per cent of x;
Incentives may not exceed 5% of y, and the excess incentive is calculated as follows: For example, in 2018, as the year of the test, the average calculation of the company ' s non-mortality net profit deductions for 2015-2017 was $306 million, assuming a non-mortality net gain in 2018 is r. If r
If the sum of $2.448 is not available for the year, the amount shall not exceed r*5%: if r > $306 million, the amount shall consist of both base and excess amounts, the base amount of which shall not exceed the amount we believe that the equity incentive scheme will better bind the interests of large shareholders, management, shareholders and employees.
For the sake of the central ring state system, the income from the central ring executives and core cadres is often not equalized, and the gap between them is greater. For a technology-based enterprise, the core factor is particularly critical to the growth of the business, and the equity incentive scheme will play a role in the future growth of the current central ring shares.
(i) Full production during the new energy year has gradually released the benefits of the mid-ring equity investment in central luminous fluorescent in 2009 and the start of large-scale investment in solar-grade single-crysilica silicon pieces
In September 2010, when the first phase was completed, the company had only 110 mw/year of photovoltaic silicone production. In 2013, the company launched three phases of the Inner Mongolia project and began to transform the original production line.
Starting in 2016, the company invested $9,852 million in four projects and four transformation projects in Inner Mongolia, with a total of 16.6gw in new production planning. Four projects are now operational, and four will be implemented in 2018.
We expect that by the end of 2018 the company's photovoltaic single crystal silicone expansion will yield effective post-partum capacity of around 25 gw. And, as production line efficiency increases, silicone thickness gets thinner and conversion efficiency gains and other technological advances, the company's photovoltaic monocrystal capacity will gradually rise to 30 gw.
Using state-of-the-art technologies, equipment four-stage and four-stage remodelling projects since the first half of 2017, production capacity has increased, resulting in net profit increases and increases in net profit rates associated with scale, efficiency, etc. According to our calculations, at the current price level (the bottom of the industry), four-stage and four-phase remodelling projects will be fully postpartum at least.
The net profit of more than $600 million should be around $800 million as silicon prices return to normal levels. (ii) Single Crystal Dragons, which actively expand their circle of friends, are actively cooperating with upstream and downstream, in addition to their efforts to develop a photovoltage silicon business.
Thirty per cent of the equity was tied to the supply of upstream silicon materials; the intermediary company implemented a 10gw diamond line cutting super thin silicon in Jiangsu, built a modern smart factory and introduced globally patented high-efficiency silicon assembly solar assembly manufacturing technology downstream through a joint venture with Sunpower.
Crystal silicon solar power generation consists of two technological pathways, single crystals and multi-crystals, and the company is a single crystal leading enterprise. The crystallized silicon light-voltage industry is composed of several industrial links, such as high-purity multi-crystal silicon raw materials, crystalline silicon growth and silicon silicon silicon film production, photovoltaic cell manufacturing, photovoltage components, encapsulation and photovoltaic system construction.
In recent years, companies have established good synergies with leading industry companies, such as the Tungwei Group, and Eastern Electric, to invest in each other’s key subsidiaries and to form an advantage industrial partnership. In November 2017, the company announced that it had increased its contribution to Xinjiang from $15 million to $45 million.
The share ratio was increased from 10% to 30%. Prior to that, the company had co-invested in the establishment of the Mongolian Central Environmental Association (MCA) Light Voltage Company Ltd., which held 70% of the shares and 30% of the shares. In the first half of 2018, the company signed a framework agreement on cooperation in the photovoltage industry chain with Tungwei shares.
On the other hand, Tungwee shares supply the company with multi-crystal silicon, of which 1,400 tons in 2018 and 20,000-25,000 tons per year in 2019-2021. On single silicon tablets, the company sells single silicon tablets to Tungwee shares, of which 250 million in 2018 and 720 million per year in 2019-2021.
At the same time, the company carefully expanded the downstream industrial chain on the basis of a win-win partnership, starting in 2015 with a joint venture with the Eastern Electric Company, the Eastern Ring Ring, the main battery plate, the battery assembly, and in 2016 with the apple, sunpower, to develop power stations, which are the bright spots of the company ' s downstream outreach.
After the acquisition of electricity from the country, the company completes the 10gw diamond line cutting super thin silicon silicon project on the basis of existing and newly built plants in the Jiangsu region, in order to achieve modern intelligence plants that gradually advance the production of 5gw solar assembly with a competitive advantage of global differentiation.
We believe that a company, as a home-grown photovoltaic monocrystal conglomerate, using its advantages to actively work with upstream and downstream rather than going up and down on its own, is not only able to build good strategic friendships with upstream and downstream firms, it is better able to enjoy the benefits of upstream and downstream growth, and Xinjiang's project is projected to increase the company's investment by nearly $200 million in 2019.
In addition, and most importantly, this will help the company to focus its energy on its photovoltaic silicone business and on its equally attractive semiconductor business in the market, to make full use of the company's technological advantages in the “silicon” base, and to contribute its own strength to the Chinese “chill.” (iii) To seize the opportunity to develop the semiconductor silicon.
The third semiconductor plant in Tianjin began to deal with silicon materials in 1978, and the company was a leading company in the field of semiconductors in the country. The company had 40 years of research and development, production, marketing experience, and was the lead company in the domestic semiconductor silicon silicon industry. The company was the first company in the country to provide a bulk of silicon silica silica silica smelting tablets in the 8 inches.
In 2017, the global semiconductor industry has emerged as a new supply-demand cycle and industrial shift, while remaining globalized, with high commercial competition and industry concentration. Based on the industry’s situation, it has been able to test 12 inches of straight single crystal samples.
The overall strategic plan for the materials industry focused on the strategic upgrading of the product structure of semiconductor materials, with corporate semiconductor operations earning 695 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 9.9 per cent in the same year, and corporate semiconductor silicon production of 230 million square in 2017, an increase of 29.9 per cent in the same year, an increase of 249 million square inches in the same year.
The company's semiconductor business, which had not developed too much over the long term, had been growing at a low rate until 2017, and since it focused on the strategic upgrading of the semiconductor material product structure, the company had first implemented an eight-inch semiconductor silicon project at Tianjin's semiconductor and power production centres, which was now fully operational.
A further 12 inches per month of large silicon test line will be operational by the end of the year. The company will also complete 750,000 semiconductor silicon pieces per month and 600,000 semiconductor silicon pieces per month in the production centre.
The company takes advantage of the different locational advantages of Inner Mongolia, Tianjin, Jiangsu, the semiconductor material industry, producing co-benefits, and carries out research and development and production of 8 inches, 12 inches of crystals, polishing tablets. Its development strategy is to maintain market ownership.
In the postnatal period, the bases are expected to achieve the 8-inch product combined with the world’s top three and 12-inch product, the world’s top five commercial positions. Inner Mongolia, it is a straight single crystal.
Based on market demand trends, the company has set up semiconductor straight single-line crystal research and development centres in Inner Mongolia and Holt to create crystal growth bases using the advantages of the intra-Mongolian zone. Through autonomous research and development, 8 inches of straight single-line crystal production has been achieved and, through continuous improvement, lowcop, coopfree single-crystal technology has been developed.
A technological breakthrough, combined with simulations, autonomous design and development of 12-inch straight single crystal growth hotspots and process parameters, will be launched at the Shanghai Exhibition.
The company focuses on the development of semiconductor materials and technology, taking on major national technology-related (02 special) and high-tech technology-related issues in Tianjin City, and has set up the Melting Single Crystal Research and Development Centre and the Quantities Base in Tianjin. The Quantities Research and Development Centre and the Quantities Base in Tianjin, among which are:
(1) 8 inch semiconductor polishing project capacity has been released, and in March 2018, 8 inch polishing capacity has reached 100,000 units per month, and when completed in October 2018, it will reach 300,000 units per month, achieving the country ' s largest market share: a 12-inch polishing test line is also in place, with an expected capacity of 20,000 units per month by the end of 2018.
Technically certified, the parameters of high-quality 8-inch polishing have been used in the power field, and a technological reserve has been set up to further expand the production scale at a later stage. The 6-8-inch molten polish for the gbt device has entered a fast-track phase on a continuous basis, certified by domestic and external customers, further establishing the company’s lead in the market for the regional molten polishing film.
(ii) A combination of eight inches of straight-pull blending with lowcop/copfree single crystals and eight inches of polishing tablets, combined with a rapid increase in sales of 8 inches of redistribution to power-driven devices by a combined external manufacturer;
In the area of integrated circuits, the lowcop product has made rapid progress in client certification, some of which is in the production phase, and further validation of the copfree product, which is also available at the Semiconchina 2018 Shanghai Exhibition, in response to client requests.
In 2017, the company launched a project to produce and manufacture large silicon tablets for integrated circuits, to build an internationally advanced silicon research and development base for integrated circuits, to upgrade the core competitiveness of the company semiconductor industry and the supply chain for our semiconductor materials industry.
In addition, the company issued an announcement on 30 October, when it proposed to work with Glycerine, Chang-An, Nannet Institute of Science, China and China.
The company's main business is power semiconductor design, R & D, testing, and marketing. Of this amount, the Chinese- and Chinese-age electric power and Chang-An cars contribute $125 million, each with 25% shareholding: Central Rings, Glycerines, São Paulo.
We believe that the company’s long-term accumulation of semiconductor silicon technology, and the group’s strong support, is well placed to complete the semiconductor silicon silicon project. And the company has now completed 300,000 8-inch production and deployments in Tianjin, using evidence of company capacity to increase the certainty of cross-border development of the company’s semiconductor business.
As the 5g network, the network of things, artificial intelligence, electric cars, industrial manufacturing, etc. flourish, the global semiconductor industry has risen in volume and will continue to grow for some time to come, and it has greatly boosted the market demand in the semiconductor monocrysilized silicon and semiconductor separation devices industries in which companies are engaged.
(i) “5.31” New Deal to promote the rebirth of the photovoltaic sector Bnef data show a global increase of 33.7 per cent in the capacity of 102gw in 2017, compared with 33.7 per cent in China.
In 2017, 53gw was installed, more than half the world’s installed capacity, an increase of 54% over the same year, with a distribution of 19gw, a 3.7-fold increase over the same year. At the same time, India is expected to surpass the United States as the world’s second largest market, with India planning a 5-10% increase in global installed capacity by 2022, with steady growth.
We have now become the largest producer of global photovoltaic products, with our silicon production of 87gw in 2017, an increase of 34.3 per cent in the same year; battery film production of 68gw, an increase of 33.3 per cent in the same year; and battery assembly production of 76gw, an increase of 31.7 per cent in the same year.
At the end of May, the introduction of a new PV took hold of a two-year-long dry-up. The core elements of the new PV deal are three: one is to stop arranging for state-subsidized ground power stations, two is to reduce the distribution of photovoltaic subsidies in the form of “spontaneity, residual power access” by $0.05/kwh (the village-level PV pro-poor power station allowance remains unchanged), and three is for all projects.
On the face of it, the subsidy gap is the direct cause of the new deal, but it is still the root cause of the long-term healthy development of photovoltaics, culminating in a flat-priced Internet access around 2020. After the “5.31” New Deal, the price of the industrial chain fell rapidly.
On the side of the user, it is basically achieved. With the exception of Moncie, Xinjiang, Yunnan, Ningxia, etc., the light-sighted areas are considered to be long-lived, rich, low land cost, and the actual light-voltage lcoe can be as low as 0.515/kwh.
RMB/kwh, RMB 0.397/kwh, and hence the cost of electricity on the side of power generation is about to be posted at a flat price. According to the country’s master plan for new energy generation, the current share of photovoltaic capacity in the installed capacity of the country is rising year by year, and the share of photovoltaic power will rise rapidly, with more than 10% in 2022 and more than 30% in 2030.
Electricity generation will decline significantly from 67 per cent in 2017 to 30 per cent in 2030, while non-fossil energy (hydropower, wind power, photovoltaic, nuclear power) will reach about 65 per cent in 2030. At this stage, the country has suspended or cancelled 103 coal power projects in 13 provinces, totalling 12.773 million kilowatts, with a significant economic and investment value following the low-cost introduction of photovoltaics to the Internet.
(ii) In the long term, policies will continue to support clean energy development. Currently, the “two alternatives” — clean and electric alternatives — remain the core logic of the new energy industry.
By 2020, the share of non-fossil energy in total energy consumption will reach 15 per thousand, the orderly development of hydropower, the safe and efficient development of nuclear power, the optimization of wind and solar energy development, the development of biomass, geothermal energy, etc., adapted to local conditions. Where resources are available, the development of cogeneration of biomass, biomass-forming fuel boilers and biogas will be encouraged.
Increased use of renewable energy sources to address essentially water, wind, and waste disposal. On 2 November 2018, the Board of Energy meeting proposed or will significantly increase the 13th Five-Year Plan target to 250gw (even to 270gw) and introduce by the end of the year a 2019 policy related to the photovoltaic sector, which will continue to be supported
The new energy industry has become the central development path for meeting growing energy needs and addressing environmental problems globally, while the photovoltaic sector, as an important component of new and clean energy, has seen a gradual recovery in recent years.
As the safest, most environmentally friendly and more efficient way of generating electricity in new energy sources, the photovoltaic industry has a wide range of development spaces, and its vast development prospects are global consensus. In our view, in the future, the direct driver of photovoltaic development is price parity, because it is price parity that allows it to rise to a wider development space.
In the context of the net, the development of the photovoltaic sector will enter a new development cycle in the coming years, and the substitution of clean energy for non-clean energy will be gradually rolled out. (iii) Analysis of single crystalline silicone competition patterns
The scale effects and technological advances have led to lower costs, the introduction of policies such as the “leader” scheme, and the market share of domestic single crystal silicon has increased, reaching 36% by the end of 2017. The global share of single crystal silicon has been rising year by year. According to China's Photovoltaic Association, global silicon production reached 105.5gw in 2017, with China accounting for Pida.
In China, silicon production reached 122.3gw, with a real yield of 87.6gw, or about 18.8 billion, a 39 per cent increase in the same year. In January-September 2018, the production of silicon was about 63.3gw, a 2.1 per cent increase in the same year, with production of silicon silicon silicon in the first half of the year exceeding 50gw, an increase of about 39 per cent.
Thanks to the performance advantages of monocrystals and the rapid decline in costs, the multicrystal market has been crowded up in recent years. The country’s two main dragons have expanded their production capacity. The production of monocrysil silicon from the central ring could reach 11gw by the end of 2017, raising their capacity to 28gw by the end of 2018. The combined capacity of the two households is about 53gw, or 70 per cent of cr2.
The cost of monocrystal silicon is lower, and prices are in decline. In the years up to 2015, the relatively high cost of monocrystals was a major reason for widespread market acceptance.
On 22nd, it was announced that the price of monocrystal silicon (p-m2180 m thickness) would again decline by between 3.17% and 3.05 yuan per plate. Since this year, the price of single silicone tablets in Lungi has declined cumulatively by 43.52%.
According to the International Association of Semiconductor Equipment and Materials Industries (Semi), 62 semiconductor crystalry mills were produced worldwide between 2017 and 2020.
Twenty-six of them are located in mainland China, accounting for up to 42 per cent, and according to Gartner, in 2021 there will be 19 12-inch crystal mills, with a total capacity of 2.07 million units per month.
In 2017, according to Semi, the global semiconductor silicon silicon silicon was produced in an area of 11,810 million square inches (not covered).
Silicon firms have increased their investment in production lines, driven by the demand of crystals. The icinsights data show that global silicon production remained stable at about 8 per cent between 2017 and 2019, with growth concentrated in 12 inches of silicon and growth in 12 in 2017 at about 11 per cent.
Ten thousand units per month (converted by 8 inches) with a capacity ratio of 55 per cent, exceeding 8 inches and 6 inches and below. 8 inches of crystal-crystal capacity has grown steadily (6.2 per cent in cagr in 10 years) to 625,000 in months. 6 inches and below. China is currently constructing and planning 12 inches of crystal-crystal capacity, which will be added to the future.
More than 900,000 units per month, including stores in the Yangtze, Fujian Shinhua, Yutaka, Nanjing Purple Light, and others, have been locked up in the area of dram and 3dnandflash storage. According to icinsights, the global market for silicon tablets has been in existence since 2014, according to global crystal yield and silicon production statistics.
The supply and demand gap is increasing from year to year. Based on the capacity of crystal circle and silicon mills, the supply and demand gap for 6-12 inches of silicon in 2017 totalled 1.33 million metres per month, considering that most 12 inches of silicon production lines are still under construction, and the demand for silicon in inches is expected to rise to 5.61 million in 2018.
The price of 8 and 12 inches of silicon is constantly rising as a result of the supply and demand relationship in the silicon market. The rapid growth in the storage chip and logical chips such as cpu/gpu market since 2017 has led to a surge in demand for 12 inches of crystals, 8 inches of crystals, and a significant increase in the demand for fingerprint recognition chips, camera chips and material networking.
The production of the line has been relatively slow, and there are currently no plans for large-scale expansion of the production line of the world’s leading silicon producers, making the production of silicon tight. In 2017, the price of silicon continued to rise, and leading firms such as tiles, combined electricity, and others signed short-term contracts with major suppliers of silicon crystals, such as Suran, Sumco, Japan, in late 2017, for a period of one to two years.
12 inches of silicon has been increased to $120 per piece, a 60% increase from $75 at the end of 2016. Sumco predicts that the price of 12 inches of silicon will continue to grow by more than 20% this year.
There is a high degree of monopoly in the global silicon sector, with the market share of the top six silicon firms in the world totalling over 90%, with the sum of Japan’s Sink and Sumco cities at close to 60%.
At that time, the state of domestic silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon is broken. It should be 29.4x, 17.6x, and 12.8x, taking into account the company’s leadership in solar crystals and its semiconductor.
2. The semiconductor silicon production was not released as expected;3 The price of the large silicon is falling in the future.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.