Under pressure to achieve high-quality profitability and strong macro-micro leadership, the company released its three-quarterly report for 2021 on 28 October, with revenues of $56.2 billion in the first three quarters, i.e. +66 per cent in the previous three quarters, net profits of $7.56 billion, i.e. + 19 per cent in the previous quarter, of which q3 generated revenues of $21.1 billion in the first quarter.
q3 performance meets our expectations and is close to the expected inter-segment ceiling of the mainstream market. q3 achieves high-quality profitability in the context of large increases in raw materials and power restrictions, while core business profitability keeps the industry ahead: corporate q3 combined Māori rate/net interest rate of 19/12 per cent, compared to q2 ring ratio, respectively
A decrease of 3.4/0.8 pct, due to the ability of q3 silicon production to be affected by raw materials and electricity restrictions in some areas 1. " Component leadership advantages expanded, the long-flag river began to grow, and output was limited, and we expect that the company ' s share of q3 silicon take-out was significantly lower than in the first half of the year (i.e., a large proportion from the previous half).
The billw profits have been maintained at a high level and remain a leader in the comparable business of the industry.200151q3. "Major battlefield switch completed, pending a “size advantage” full contract liability increase by 50%, predicting a strong growth in the q4 season and a strong operating cash flow:
Corporate q3 contract liabilities are at an all-time high of $8.6 billion, up from $5.7 billion at the end of q2.
Accumulated 25.56gw (year-on-year +44 per cent) in the current year, we have maintained 55-60gw 5.
The company’s output of q4 components is expected to increase significantly; at the same time, the net cash flow of the company’s q3 after q3 was $3.83 billion, an increase of $1.37 billion over q2 and a net gain over the current season. Battery R & D efficiency continues to be record-breaking, hydrogen production is achieved, and industry leaders are maintained overall:
During the past week, the company twice-in-a-time broke the hjt battery efficiency record, pushing the commercial-size (m6)hjt battery efficiency record to 26.3 per cent; at the same time, after the company established its hydrogen energy subsidiary at the end of March this year, the first hydrogen-based alkaline facility was delineated in half a year.
Continued progress in the field and rapid breakthroughs in new business/new scenes are continuing to demonstrate the strategic power of companies to invest heavily in R & D combined with strong implementation, and to fully validate the “scaling advantage” we have previously highlighted (8621) 61357595
The spill will support the firm’s judgement that it will remain a leader in the industry for the long term. Uwentien has continued to boost the components because of the rapid price increases since q3 for key raw materials, such as silicon, glass, gel, etc.
Ben, while in the short term it is more difficult to fully cover the cost increase for component asp, we get a profit score for company q4 and then average the final rating for average market investment.