The three-quarterly review of Lungi shares (601012) in 2021: the three-quarter disclosure of Lungi shares in 2021 and the realization of operating income of 56,206 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2021.
This represents an increase of 66.13 per cent over the same year; a net return profit of $7,756 million, or 18.87 per cent over the same year; and a strong downstream demand, with higher performance throughout the year. The company achieved revenue in the third quarter of 2021.
Demand remains strong, and with higher downstream acceptance of high-priced components, companies expect to improve significantly in the fourth quarter, leading to high annual performance. Heterogeneous cell efficiency continues to improve core competitiveness with innovation records.
Technology is being developed, and there are in-depth research and technological reserves for new battery technologies such as Topcon, hjt. In early June 2021, companies announced a 25.21% efficiency in the conversion of N-topcon batteries, a 25.26% efficiency in the conversion of hjt batteries, and the latest published p-topcon batteries.
R & D conversion efficiency of 25.19%. Recently, companies have achieved photovoltaic power on m6 single-size silicone tablets with 26.30% silicon-based hex batteries (hjt) conversion efficiency, with two new world records of 25.82% and 26.30% created twice a week. Core competitiveness continues to improve and future capacity will be fully captured when it lands.
By the end of 2021, the company plans to produce single crystal silicon tablets with annual capacity to reach the target of 80gw (including self-use) and 40gw (including self-use) for component output. With the gradual release of upstream raw materials, the price of the chain is expected to fall in the future.
Downstream demand will be significantly improved, corporate component profitability will be enhanced, corporate production capacity will continue to expand, and integration will be deepened. Supply chain management capacity will continue to grow, and companies will be strengthened as photovolts.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.