On November 25, 2021, 1,158 million silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
The company issued a public announcement: on 23 November, the company signed a framework contract for the sale of silicon tablets with a new energy technology (State) Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “new energy sources”). The framework contract stipulated that the number of single crystal silicon tablets sold to a new energy source from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2023 was estimated at 1,158 million per month.
The volume of international sales is based on the amount determined in the supplementary agreement to this contract. This silicon silicon slender slender slender slender is based on an average monthly price estimate of about $7,041 million (excluding taxes) for this contract, which accounts for a larger release of the company ' s new production of silicon silicon silicon in 2022, and the company secures the sale of silicon silicon silicon in advance.
In 2021-2022, the silicon silicon chain had more new entrants and the short-term market pattern was more fragmented. According to our statistics, there were at least 12 silicon producers with an expansion plan in 2022, with a projected new silicon silicon output of more than 299gw in the future.
Cost-control capabilities and large-scale silicon production capacity are significant, and the silicon end is expected to remain pre-eminent in the future by 2021-11. The signing of this long list helped to secure the company’s sales of silicon silicon from 2022-2023, reflecting a good partnership between the company and its downstream high-quality customers, with a positive impact on the company’s silicon business development.
• The company's combined strength is high and it is expected to continue its high-quality development in the future. From the beginning of 2021 to 24 November 2021, the company has signed a long list of silicon, photo-glass supply sheets and silicon films to demonstrate its excellent supply chain control and marketing capabilities.
Corporate Information Updates - The Leader of Industries Volatile Films and Components. Looking ahead, in 2022, the company is expected to supply more raw materials, such as silicon, glass, etc., than ever before, and new products continue to break through.
Stable, silicon and component operations are moving well, battery technology is breaking up, the company's combined technical and managerial team, cost control capabilities, etc., high-quality photovolved tap development, market competitiveness is steadily improving, and the lead is "Corporate Information Update - Six-monthly Report Matching Predictables"
During the period, the demand recovery boom-rich application scenario - Corporate Information Update - is to be released for debt swaps.