Short-term profits are disturbed and long-term competitive advantages are strong.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved income of 56.21 billion yuan (+66.1%) and net profit of 6.36 billion yuan (+18.9%) to the mother. Of this, $21.11 billion was collected in the third quarter, and the profitability was disturbed by the pressure of silicon costs.
1. With sustained high growth, a competitive advantage consolidating the dominant position, the sharp rise in the price of silicon squeezes the profit margin of the lower-middle- and lower-stream chain, beyond the rising factor. Companies, as vertical leaders, are relatively resilient.
3 Global monocrystal poles, which continue to enhance competitive advantage The company continues to invest in research and development to advance technological progress and is firmly positioned. The Hjt Battery Institute has tested and released the Lungi hjt battery for another major breakthrough, with high conversion efficiency.
26.3%; in the field of topcon batteries, Lungi ' s N-topcon batteries and p-topcon batteries have also achieved the world ' s highest conversion rates of 25.21% and 25.19%, respectively.
Applied scenes. The company's new photovoltage battery technology, with multiple technology pathways, is active, robust, and secure.
In the short term, although the higher prices of upstream silicon lead to an imbalance in the industrial chain, the public sector is more resilient as a leader in vertical integration. In the long run, companies continue to invest in R & D to boost technological progress, vertical integration strategies are effective, scale, technology, etc.
Branding advantages will guarantee companies continued benefits from the long-term development of the photovoltaic industry, and we will maintain an “uptake” rating of the company.
Solar assembly and battery operations: corporate vertical integration strategies have been very effective, with about 19 per cent of the global market for component products in 2020, a significant increase of 11 pct over the same period. We expect to generate 64.2 billion yuan, 8.2 billion yuan and 97.5 billion yuan in solar assembly and battery operations in 2021, respectively.
Silicon silicon and silicon stick operations: short-term industrial chain imbalances do not change the upward trend in industrial concentration, and we expect public utility revenues to be $19.1 billion, $22.6 billion and $25.7 billion, respectively, at a rate of 23 per cent, and other operations: downstream power station operations, with companies focusing on power station construction services, while at the same time active
In terms of product structure, Māori's relatively low income from component operations is lower than the increase in Māori.
Costs are high, but companies are constantly using technological advantages to reduce efficiency gains and non-silicon costs are falling. Companies have a certain ability to shift cost pressures at a price in the silicon chain, batteries are used on their own, components directly to customers, and short-term pressures are relatively high. As the industry’s chain is more balanced, the profitability of the industry will change.
For silicon and silicon rod operations, the Māori rate is 28/29.5 per cent.30 per cent, and for solar assemblies and batteries, 18.19 per cent.20 per cent. While the price of upstream silicon increases have resulted in imbalances in the industrial chain, companies have acted as vertically integrated champions, resisting it.
Pressure is stronger. In the long run, companies continue to invest in research and development to advance technological progress, vertical integration strategies work well, and size, technology, and brand advantages will ensure that companies continue to benefit from the long-term development of the photovoltaic industry, and we maintain an “upgrade” rating of companies.
2.1 The risk of friction in international trade, for the purpose of protecting the country's photovoltaic industry, has been the subject of numerous “double-reverse” investigations in recent years by countries such as Europe, the United States, India, etc. against my national enterprises.
In the reporting period, as corporate internationalization strategies accelerated, overseas sales increased rapidly, although companies have avoided trade barriers through measures such as the implementation of overseas production arrangements.
Critical international trade barriers and the uncertain risks of trade policy changes. 2.2 Market competition risks.
The gradual concentration of sources towards dominant firms and the reshaping of market patterns of competition have, at the same time, increased the level of competition among industry's core firms, and the focus of competition has shifted from the original size and cost to the integrated competitiveness of enterprises, including business model innovation, technology R & D, financing capacity, operation management, marketing, etc.
At the same time, as a result of the trend towards vertical industrial integration, major firms in the industry have expanded their industrial chains, and the market has been exposed to macroeconomic volatility due to the new coronary virus epidemic.
The macro-economic environment is more affected by the current large-scale and long-lived investment in photovoltaic terminals, with a larger share of total investment in power stations dependent on bank loans, and changes in the macroeconomic environment will affect the financing arrangements and the cost of financing for system operators, thus affecting the return on investment in the end market and, ultimately, impacting on the return on investment in the end-market.
In the first half of 2021, the new coronary virus epidemic continued to spread around the world, and if the epidemic was not effectively controlled, electricity demand would decline, combined with a deteriorating financial environment, could slow down global photovoltaic terminal demand in the short term.
The report’s analytical logic is based on one’s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.