I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Three-quarterly reports are largely in line with expectations, and the Māori rate is expected to return to the bottom: three-quarter reports issued by the company in 2021, with the company achieving operating income of RMB 56,206 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 66.13 per cent over the previous three quarters; net return to the mother of RMB 7,756 million, an increase of 18.87 per cent over the previous three quarters; and a deduction of RMB 18.87 per cent over the same period.
The net non-mortality profit of $7.399 billion, an increase of 23.02 per cent over the same period; of this amount, q3 achieved operating income of 211.7 million during the single quarter, an increase of 54.17 per cent over the same period; the net repatriation profit of $2,563 million, an increase over the same period; the Māori rate remained low and the stock ring ratio increased.q3 Māori sales in the single season were 18.93 per cent.
\triangleright Increase in transportation costs to compress profits from the component chain, with some of the low-price component orders left over from the previous period
It's a certain loss, and we think that the company is now going through its most difficult period, with q4 components in excess of the market value of the liquiditya share (billions):
Basic data: 30 September 2021, 141.90 per cent, mainly due to a significant increase in the price of silicon material during the year, investment from the consortium Sichuan Endosuke, silicon silicon silicon silicon, and battery efficiency. The company achieved single crystal silicon silicon silicon in the first half of the year.
Goods 38.36gw, of which sales are 18.76gw, representing an increase of 36.48 per cent, self-service 19.60gw, with 30 per cent market output +. Companies continue to invest in research and development (R & D) in the N battery sector and are in the lead on all technical routes, and companies have developed a 25.21 per cent toncon battery conversion efficiency.
Hjt battery conversion efficiency is 26.30%, creating a new battery efficiency world record. The share of components remains first, and the profitability level is expected to be restored.
Some 170,000 tons of new silicon production capacity will be released, and the profits of the company's component business will be expected to rise.
\triangleright Center, 7th floor, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.