Three-quarterly report, q4 q4 q4 q4 q2 Q3 October, 2018 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3 Q3
Increase in lower-season prices in the main east of China (456 yuan/tonne of high-price cement in q3 east of China, up by the same year 3) q3 net operating cash flow amounted to $20.64 billion a year + 134 per cent, and financial costs continued to be negative and increased 1.
Cement Q4 Cement prices are expected to be higher than expected. The cumulative cement production at the end of the demand area in January-September is equal to 7.35% in 2018.
4. High Performance Growth, Adequate Cash Flows, q4 Performance
Still elastic-Girl Cement, 3%), under the environmental heavy fists, and with the current low-precedented (43%) ratio, the traditional Chinese Cement prices are expected to be higher in the season.
At the end of August, the company formed 11 trading companies, and the q3 trade platform increased its sales. We believe that the trade platform is expanding rapidly, helping the company to dream the world at 500: through the platform ' s unified settlement and procurement, it can enhance the information transparency of the market.
The field is stable to better cope with the impact of low-priced external cement clinker; we judge that trading platforms have not contributed significantly to performance, and that there is no financial pressure to operate light assets.
Liu Yeonxue luuyanxue@gjzq.com.cn 80% share in English Cement (clinker capacity of 2.6 million tonnes), which we calculate will upgrade the company in the open.
East clinker production accounted for between 2.5 pct and 16.9 per cent, and in October the company and Ficoto Cement Limited signed a contract for two 5,000t/d new cement clinker production lines in Kistan, which is steadily expanding overseas.
Profit forecasting and valuation: considering the company ' s overperformance, we have revised the company ' s profit forecast upwards, and we expect the company to continue its perfect performance, with a significant increase in revenue from a low-season period of robust tons, q3 financial reporting data amazing, and conch continued its perfect performance in the third quarter of 2018.
The profits were 777.9.20.72 billion yuan, compared to 55.5 per cent and 111.2 per cent respectively, and the doubling of the growth was perfect. The growth was mainly due to the low season of prices in the East China region (456 yuan/tonne q3 of the high price of cement, a 36 per cent increase in the same year) and the increase in sales (we measured that the q3 company produced about 77 million tons of its own product).
Tons, which are expected to contribute about $6 billion, are also one of the factors contributing to higher corporate revenues. The price of the beneficial cement has risen, and the company’s net profit has improved considerably.
Parity, mainly because the price of q3 light-season cement is still strong. The company-weighted cement price we track is about $433 per ton, 107 dollars (+33 per cent) higher than expected, and the q4 wang-sea cement price is expected to rise again to a ton of M/t net gain.
▪ Superlow leverage + super-high cash-making capacity of companies is a super-cash cow. q3 assets and liabilities q3 remained at only 22.75 per cent at the end, well below the industry average. This is amazing for the cement industry, which is a heavy asset industry, with a low-leveraging firm with a super-high cash-making capacity: q3
The cost of services continues to be negative and has increased to 229 per cent on a one-to-one basis to 198 million yuan, net operating cash flows have reached, but the necessary capital spending companies still have sufficient red space to maintain 40 per cent or even higher at the end of the year. 2. Reconsider cement prices: the East China region, or the largest view, is expected to remain high at q4 prices.
• China’s Cement Prices lead the country, while Cement Prices from the Kuyongbi perspective remain dynamic. 1) The q3 National Cement Prices continued to rise in 2018, reaching $429/ton by the end of September. The q3 High Cement Prices in China’s East Region run at an average price of approximately $456/ton, while the overall Cement Market in China’s East has a better supply and demand.
2) From the point of view of the ultra-short-term coffer ratio, the country’s Kucongbi/Wadong region has reached a historically low position, with a greater price increase in the last four quarters. The country’s cochonby has slid down to 50% last week, with only 43% of the cochon ratio in the east of the country, which is at its lowest level in history. The supply and demand relationship between China’s east and China has become even more tense.
In the short term, there is a high probability of upswing in cement prices, close to the Cement Price Point. The q4 East China region is also likely to increase prices from a supply-demand perspective.) The national cement production picked up in September, the East China region performed well, and the industry is expected to continue in the quarter of the season.
National cement production increased by +5 per cent in the month of single September 12018, roughly continuing at a high rate of 5 per cent in August, and cumulative production increased by +1 per cent in the month of January-September, which has been positive for two consecutive months and has increased slightly, depending on the country’s demand for cement as a whole. 2 subregions see that the demand for cement in the month of September is better in the south than in the north.
On the other hand, the south-west/East/Central/South-West increase was positive and more significant than in August, while the north-western region was negative. On the other hand, the east-central region increased cement production by 9.2 per cent/3.6 per cent in September, up from 6.4 pct/0.7 pct in August, with Chinese cement production increasing at a particularly fast rate, with Zhejiang accounting for 20.5 per cent.
In the east of the country, cement production increased by 1.84% in January-September, with an increase of 1.32 pct over the month-August, and continued at a rate of 1.32 pct since the increase in August was positive, with a rapid recovery in demand. In the south, in the third and fourth quarters of the quarter, the demand for cement is generally at its peak, and the demand for cement is expected to continue.
In October, the Ministry of Environment released the Long Triangle Integrated Action Plan for the Management of Atmospheric Pollution in the Falls 2018-2019 (for comments), which calls for differentiated peaks depending on the local context, but environmental degradation still requires long triangles.
In the autumn of 2018, pm2.5 and the number of days of severe contamination dropped by about 5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, a requirement actually strict compared to the 3 per cent requirement in the Kyoto area, and the policy covered 41 cities in the Long Triangle region with a wider coverage.
Cement fault peak production, from 1 November 2018 to February 2019, is expected to increase in the production of cement fault peaks in the east of the country, limiting production of long triangle cement under a green fist or exceeding the target schedule. 3) The east of the country is the company’s main battleground, demand-side seasonal reinforcement and supply-side over-expected harvest.
In a contractionary situation, q4 prices are expected to remain high as a approximate event, increasing the momentum for companies ' year-round collection/performance belts.
The China-China trade platform has steadily landed, and new developments in the cement trade have surfaced. 1) The China-China trade company has gradually landed and opened a new prelude. In October 2017, the company and the Chinese building materials jointly formed the An Qijiang North Sea China.