Conference [0914.hk; 600585.ch] q3netprofitbeatextactionsagain; reteratebuy consultative reportedarecurringnetprofitofrmb 7.7bninq3208, up14.9% yoy.
I don't know if you're the only one who's gonna be here, but I don't know if you're going to be here, but I don't know if you're going to be here.
Rmb 316/tonneinq 22018tm328/tonneinq 32018.q3218netprofitimpliesour q42018enetprofitisaboutrmb 7.3bn, whichbookslowsinq4isusulallyapeak betweenoutlowourbuyering, Butlowerourh-sharetargatepriceprifromok$65 (2.7x)
Toreflectthelowerriskapetiteofothercentsharpmarketformulation(a-targetprice(h): hk$57.50 (+45%) sharetargetprice: rmb47, 6%discounttoourh-sharetargateprice, basedontheaver-
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
q3salesvolumegrew 22.6% yoy. thecompanysold 76.9mtonnesoftimementand clinkeritproducedinq3.thankstostrongsalesvolumefromitstrainingplatform, total salesvolumeinq 3was93.9mtonnes, up22.6% yoy.blendedasprosefrom
Rmb 316/tonneinq 2208/tonneinq 3208/tonneinq 32018, whichisbetterthanex-peded, sinceq 3isusualalallowseasondoatoraineyweather. Grossprofitpertonnerodedduetradetradebusiness. Grossprofitpertonnefell
Queens, pove fromrm147inq 22018trb1227inq32018thoughtheaspincreasedq. turnover(rhs)
I don't know, I'm just saying, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm just trying to figure out what I'm talking about.
For 18 per cent of the totals, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible, it's impossible.
Of the companyinsmeregons.
q4outookremainsupbeat.basedonthelatestpriceandvenvestilleformationfromdigitalment, timepricesinestandsouthcentralchinchintiltiltiltineda moderateuptrend(file2and3), whileinventolevelvesremainedlow(file4and)
5) which shouldbodewellforq 42018 performance. 3maveragedailyt/o upwardearningsrevision.q32018netprofitsuggestsourq42018enetprofitis
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of this, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I's it's going to be in the middle of it,
Well, it's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, okay?
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm so sorry.
Keyfinancials conceitation (00914.hk; 600585.ch)
(rmb'000, exceptforpershareamount)
Keyfinancials conchcement (00914.hk; 600585.ch)
(rmb'000, exceptforpershareamount)
We're not going to be able to do this, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we's going to do it, we's going to do it, we's going to do it.
We're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
Allopinionististesreflect thejudgmentoftheanalystonthedateofthithreportandaresubbjecttochandewothoutnotice.chinagalaxyinterna-tion/ortheelevantsherebysclaiyooftheirlibilitiesaririsingffromtheinacuracy, incorrectnessanpletessesofthesisreportandattachment/sand/oranyaactionoriomissionmadeinrelienceotherof.accreditingly, thisreportmustbereadinjunjactionwiththisdisclamer.
Itd. (6881.hk; 601881.ch) is thedirectand/orindirecting company thegroupofcompaniesunderachinagalaxy international.
The securitiesrespectoofhicharereviewedhis report, and suchinterestsaggregatanamountmayequaltoortoormorethan 1% ofthesubjected company(ies)'marketcapacitation.oneormoredirectors, officersand/oremployesofinagalaxy internationalmaybeirestororofthesecuritiesofthecompanies(ies) men--
I don't know if you're going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm not going to do it.
I'd like to ask you, Mr. President, if you don't mind, to ask me if I'm going to take a look at you, but I'm going to ask you, if you're going to take a look at me, and I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do, but I'm going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do, but I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, that I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, that I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, that I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I're going to tell you, that I's.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
This report; (2) Willdielinortradein the securities coverted infra-researchresearchrebrebessessday afterthedatateofissuesueofreport; (3) serviceas anofficerofanofthehongkong-listidcompaniescoveredinthisreport; and (4) haveanyfincianinterestsin thehonkong-listedcompaniescov-report.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it.
20/f,wingoncentre, 111 connaughtroadcentral, Sheungwan, Hongkong.generalline: 3698-68888.