Tri-quarter re-innovation with three-quarter re-enhancement, with industry leading up to three-quarterly reports on conch cement, three-quarter turnover of $3.250 billion, an increase of 76.77 per cent; net parentage
The profits were $7.774 billion, an increase of 151.43 per cent; and eps.619, an increase of 151.63 per cent. 3-quarter performance was high this year, with further releases expected in 4-quarters: q3's performance continued to be high, and the growth rate increased further.
q4 performance is expected to be further released as a national leader, driven by the capital shortboard.The continued improvement in the financial statements and the growth in performance were stronger: three quarters of the company ' s Māori ratio was 37.33 per cent, an increase of 4.78 pct compared to 4.78 pct; costs were further reduced, and operating costs were 3.23 pct below the same rate.
Financial costs have also decreased as a result of lower debt ratios, and net interest rates have generally risen by 7.32 pct. Companies operate cash flows as the industry continues to improve, and debt ratios have gradually declined. Companies, as industry leaders, have sufficient mine reserves and co-processing capacity, with a clear advantage over industry costs.
Regional risk capabilities are also stronger, and performance growth has been stronger during the current industry landscape. Industry fundamentals remain unchanged, with attention paid to cement co-processing technologies: the current underlying profile of the cement industry is strong, with four-quarter deliveries expected to be further advanced by building short panels and construction season catalysts
The company’s cost advantage is expected to be further demonstrated by the company’s size. As a result of the current trend in the cement industry, companies, as industry leaders, have a relatively strong technical capacity to recommend the closure of cement production restrictions, overseas cement import shocks, and less than expected infrastructure supplements.
At the market price of 24 October 2018, Sino-Soldier International Securities Company, Inc., qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Construction materials: Cement made