The high rooe continues to be rated on top of the conch cement (600585), which is reported in three quarters in 2018.
The company disclosed its third quarter report for 2018: during the reporting period, it realized business income of $3.250 billion, an increase of 76.77 per cent over the same period, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $7.774 billion, an increase of 151.43 per cent over the same period. The return per share was $1.467, an increase of 22.75 per cent over the same period.
During the same period, the sales and prices of cement clinker products increased at a double rate of 43.56 per cent for cement and clinker, with a 6.87 per cent increase in self-produced sales, while sales of 17 million tons of cement on the company ' s trading platform in the third quarter increased sales by 15 per cent, and sales prices increased by about 34.3 per cent compared with other operating revenues for non-cement and clinker at about $1.03 billion.
The Māori ring ratio has fallen slightly, but it has continued to improve the same year. Driven by price increases of the same year, the total Māori rate for companies in the third quarter was 37.33 per cent, an increase of 4.78 percentage points in the same year, the apparent high profitability of the fall in the Māori rate over the second quarter ring release period, due to a slight decline of about 2 per cent in the combined price ring, and the impact of the rise in coal prices.
\triangleright fraction. Sales costs are 3.09%, 1.83 percentage points lower than the same period in the previous year; management fees (to include R & D costs in line with the previous year) are 3.50%, 1.27 percentage points lower than the same period in the previous year, including R & D costs of $17.1307 million, an increase of 80.27 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
Research and development inputs, mainly for new products such as fire-resistant materials, accounted for 0.05 per cent of the company ' s operating income; the financial cost rate was -041 per cent, a decrease of 0.98 percentage points from the source of financial prosperity in the East during the same period the previous year.
Driven by a combination of a Māori rate and a drop in the cost rate over time, the company achieved a net profit of $7.774 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies during the reporting period, an increase of 151.43 per cent over the same period; a net interest rate of 24.94 per cent, an increase of 7.32 percentage points over the same period the previous year. The company ' s single quarter rose by 7.70 per cent, the cement tap market was well controlled, and the M&A and overseas outreach development paths were clear.
\triangleright field control allows companies to develop strategies to maximize their profits in the light of changes in the market. At the same time, as a leader, firms have a clearer and more powerful path to doing so through acquisition and overseas expansion in the face of state-controlled cement production.
\triangleright \triangleright is strong, M&As and overseas development paths are clear, and corporate “very recommended” investment ratings are maintained. \triangleright \triangleright
Figure 1: Māori rate change in conch cement
Figure 3: Change in net asset returns for conch cement single quarter
In 2008, the Central University of Finance and Economics entered the securities industry, with many years of experience in industrial research, and in 2011 with the Eung Xing bonds, engaged in building materials, analyzing the research views of the researchers themselves. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.