We're running a steady upturn in the market of the Flying Seasons Improving Company, and we're getting a three-quarter review of the Cheong Treasure Securities - Seal Cement (600585).
In January-September 2018, the company achieved 77.8 billion yuan in operating income, a 9 per cent increase in sales in the first three quarters of the same year compared to materials, and the company’s share in the city continued to rise.
The current sales of clinker accumulated 219 million tons, an increase of 9 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, 2018q3 achieved 76.3 million tons in the first quarter, an increase of 13 per cent over the same period. National cement production increased by 1,02 per cent in January-September, conch sales continued to increase at a higher rate than the national average, and company-owned markets increased at a faster rate.
Young Ou-yeon, the low seasons, and the utility of the base structure gradually emerges. 2018q3, the net gain in cement is 95 tons/ton in a single trimester of conch, which is the same as in the second quarter, and the profits in cement tons remain historically high. From cement prices and the trimester of conch,
The report shows that downstream demand in the third quarter of this year has been characterized by a mild season. Since August and September, the utility of the base of the infrastructure has been showing up on a microscale. In July, August and September, cement production grew by 1.61 per cent per month, with Xiao Hee-min.
In January-September, the Bureau of Statistics showed an increase in production in North-East, East-East, South-Central, South-West and North-West cement production - 1.86%, - respectively.
1.21%, 9.21%, 3.6%, 11.67%, and 4.7% have had the strongest demand since 2018. As an absolute regional leader in China’s Eastern region, the conch has a better regional advantage than the industry.
West Side, 28 West and Central China International Center, 15th floor.
Hwang-hseng-hwan, Kikuji Road, No. 1,000, Fuhua, Fukuda District, and Free Trade Experiment, China.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.