Girconium (600585), construction materials. Three-quarters performance is consistent with the low-season feature, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Incidents: 3-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2018, which generated business income of 77.8 billion yuan in January-September, an increase of 55.5 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother of 20.720 billion yuan, an increase of 111.2 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from operating activities of 20.664 billion yuan, an increase of 134.3 per cent over the same period; and revenues of $3.9 million per basic share.
• The cement industry has a low season, and the three-quarters report meets market expectations. In the third quarter alone, the returns increased by 77% over the same year, the net profit for mothers increased by 151% over the same year, and the Māori rate by 37%, which was the best performance in the last five quarters, because the cement industry had a low season in 2018.
GCO has moved up and demand has shrunk a little. According to the performance of the cement industry in January-September 2018, this was in line with a 1 per cent increase in the same year, reversing a 0.64 per cent decline in the first half of the year, with a 15.6 per cent decline in the production of cement per month in March and a strong upswing in April-April, due to the spring + late recovery factor.
Six months, with macro-policy support for infrastructure, the demand for cement or heating has been growing at a moderate positive rate, and the supply-side competition patterns have improved significantly, with cement prices still running at historically high levels in the second half of the year.
In our judgement, if there is no significant decline in the demand for cement, the synergies between firms will be difficult to break, and the cement industry will be sustainable. • As the industry’s absolute leader, domestic stability, and long-term firmness in terms of corporate growth abroad.
From the point of view of industry, the region most benefiting from environmental errors in 2017 was the East China region, where the company, as the largest clinker and cement producer in the East China region, fully enjoyed a full increase in regional prices, and the company would continue to benefit from improvements in the basics of the industry in 2018. In terms of outreach abroad, developing countries have capital and urbanization dividends, although domestic water is available.
The mud industry is struggling to expand overseas, but it's going in the right direction, and we're looking at the company's positive layout abroad. Currently, the company's framework is largely stable in the country, and overseas operations have expanded to Indonesia, Myanmar, and conch cement (600585); 2018h1 volumes are up.
In countries such as Cambodia, Russia, as the international giant in the cement industry, the valuation hub should move up. Upgraded companies’ year-round performance ($2018-08-23) of $6.02, net return profits over the next three years will maintain a 26% compound growth rate, looking at the company’s future as “minimum”.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.