2024: Quarterly performance loops continue to grow, i.e. physical platforms become efficient and synergetic, Quarterly performance rings continue to grow and quarterly revenues accelerate at the same rate of growth
Quarterlyly, the company earned 2,671 million dollars in q1-q4 seasons in 2024. 900+ new clients, including the top 20 pharmaceutical companies worldwide. In 2024, the company served more than 3,000 global clients, using more than one company's industry.
Customers who contribute $9,188 million, or 74.84 per cent of the company ' s operating income, have a client contribution of $11,621 million, an increase of 8.81 per cent over the same period, and account for the company ' s operating income according to the client type. During the reporting period, companies came from the world ' s top 20 pharmaceutical clients.
The company's revenue from North American clients, by region, increased by $7,853 million, compared with $1.847 billion, a decrease of 6.46 per cent, or 15.05 per cent of the company's operating income, from other sources.
Laboratory services: Bioscience revenues grew faster than ever before in 2024, when company laboratory services achieved operating revenues of $7,047 million, an increase of 5.81 per cent, and with the initial recovery in financing from the global biomedical industry, the newly signed single-year increases of more than 15 per cent.
Among these, bioscience revenues have increased faster than the previous year, accounting for more than 54 per cent of the revenues from laboratory services; in addition, laboratory chemistry, with its record of highest income for the entire quarter of the year, was involved in 781 drug discovery projects for innovative drugs worldwide, at 2024q4.
In 2024, the company ccc (small molecule cdmo) service achieved operating income of $2,989 million, as a result of the increase in the number of employees on a par and the combined impact of new production capacity.
Delivery has increased, with the Māori rate in the second half of the year being higher than it was in the previous year. In 2024, company cmc services grew by more than 35% on a single year-on-year basis, largely as a result of the gradual recovery in demand from households and the continued advancement of customer product lines.
In 2024, cmc, specifically, in 2024, the company cmc (small molecule cdmo) services involved 1,066 drug molecules or intermediates, 181 more than in 2023; the process validation and commercialization phases were among them.
1; 242 clinical i-ii projects, 72 more than in 2023; 782 pre-clinical projects, which became operational gradually after the company ' s Shashing factory began operating in 2022, and after the commercial api production of the British and American layouts, in 2024, the company ' s large-scale production projects continued to grow, driving new plates.
:: Clinical research services: the number of projects has continued to increase and the market share has increased further
5.12%, mainly as a result of the synergy of the corporate integration platform, and the increased influence of the Conlong clinical brand.
Increased competition in the price market for clinical services. The number of ongoing projects in the company ' s clinical trial services amounted to 1,062, including 94 iii clinical pilot projects, 407 i/ii clinical pilot projects and 561 other clinical pilot projects (including iv clinical trials, clinical research initiated by researchers and reality)
In the field management services for clinical research, more than 1,600 molecular and cellular and gene therapy services are being implemented: in 2024, the company ' s macromolecular and cellular and gene therapy services achieved operating income of 408 million yuan;
The macromolecular and gene therapy cdmo operations are still in the construction phase, resulting in higher overall plant operating costs and depreciation of fixed assets during the reporting period than during the same period last year.
Treatment products provide performance measurement and release services, including 2 commercialization projects and 9 clinical phase projects; for genetic therapy cdmo, the company provides services for 14 different service lines and phases; for big molecules cdmo, the company successfully completed the first innovative dual-resistant drug study
One cell block development - process optimization - toxic batch production - gmp production and canning” integration project. The first full-process, integrated pharmaceutical research and development service platform is industry-led in drug discovery, pre-clinical, and early clinical research, while expanding to include post-clinical development and commercial production.
In the context of the recovery of demand in the pharmaceutical industry, companies are expected to benefit from the continued growth and outsourcing of global new drug research and development inputs.
Rates are rising and the market share is expanding, with growth above industry levels. For the first time, the risk of falling demand for pharmaceutical R & D services, changes in industrial regulatory policies, increased competition in pharmaceutical services, globalized operations and international policy changes are covered.
China-China Securities Medicine Team: Over the years of sedimentation, a more sophisticated system of research and analysis has been put in place, with a wide range of coverage, unique opinions, etc., and is linked directly or indirectly to a number of countries that are not at present relevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. This report has been prepared by China-China Securities Corporation (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended to be sent or issued for any dispatch, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the SAC, unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization from the SAC.