Conlon conversion (3759.hk/300759.ch): 1q25 receipts increased slightly more than expected, maintaining year-round income growth guidelines • 1q25 returns slightly better than expected and adjusted net profit returns of noon-ifrs slightly lower than expected:
Husawa cfa 1q25 achieved RMB 3,099 million (+16% yoy, -10.4% qoq), slightly better than we expected with va (visiblealpha), mainly due to laboratory service income, clinical research
Income from services is better than expected; non-ifrs, adjusted mother-to-mother net profit of $349 million (+3.1% yoy, -30% qoq), slightly less than we expected and did not expect, mainly because of the loss of non-operational projects (3759.hk)
• The same rate of increase in revenues from laboratory services and clinical research is higher than expected, leading to a small increase in the gross margins of two plates. Specifically, (1) revenues from laboratory services + 15.7% yoy/+1.6% qoq, the same rate of increase is notably due to double-digit revenues from laboratory chemical and bioscience services.
The same increase. With the increase in income, the Māori rate also increased slightly by the same year round scale (+1.4: 19% yöy growth for cmc plates) showing a good rate of income growth. The Māori rate also increased by a steady increase in cmc, overseas clinical service income and a similar increase in Māori (+2.5).
The increase in the discovery and cdmo service, with a marked decline in the Māori rate (-30.3 pptsyoy) due mainly to the production of the Ningbo mass molecule cdmo at 2q24, 1q25 climbing up the slope leading to operation and the transformation of Conlong (300759.ch)
At the end of the year (20% + yoy) and at the end of the year (1q24% + yoy) the rate of new sign-ups has slowed down, and given the high historical base, we believe that this new sign-off is within reasonable range. By plate, the new sign-off rate for laboratory services is 10% + yoy (vs.2024 end: 15% + yoy), cmc clothing
• The impact of customs duties on the near March averaged (million yuan) is extremely limited. Overseas biomedical financing is still slowly and mildly recovering: one side
In addition, we are preparing a list of drug-related whites, which may help to help.
In addition, given that United States tariffs are primarily directed at in-kind deliveries, management considers that project delivery at the clinical stage is largely less affected by tariffs. On the other hand, management suggests that corporate performance is more affected by macro-environment biopharmaceutical financing, for example, overseas.
According to the trend of 1q25, only vc financing showed signs of moderate recovery, with secondary market financing still declining. • Investment risk: income growth is less than expected, Maori is less than expected, and net profits are less than expected.
Financial statement analysis and forecasting - Conlong (3759.hk)
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the securities and futures regulations (Chapter 571) in the first category (securities transactions) and the fourth category (discussing securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.