On April 28, 2025, Kang Long became a reporter for the year 2025.
The \triangleright Division achieved an operating income of $3.09 billion, an increase of 16.03 per cent over the same period; the mother's net profit of $306 million, an improvement over the 25q1 Māori ring, contributed more elastic growth from overseas operations.
\triangleright \triangleright increased by more than 10% over the same period, of which laboratory services and cmc (small molecule cdmo) services were newly signed
According to the income section, the laboratory service is 1.857 billion yuan, and the company continues to enhance the technological advantages of small molecular R & D and production services, using modern synthetic technology and production techniques.
1. Conlon became (300759.sz) semi-annual reporter 2024, serving global clients. 1) The company has gained a deep accumulation of small molecular drug service platforms and an opinion in the field of big molecules: a new one-size-fits-all growth will continue to improve at the end of the cycle.
A layout advantage, with the initial establishment of an integrated service platform for “resistance-warhead molecular synthesis-connection-biocoupled-coupled-biocoupled” 2. Conlon into a single report point in 2024 (300759.sz) biotesting, serving dozens of global clients; 2) company completed polythermal drugs
Q: q1 newly signed single-year growth of more than 20 per cent, downstream innovation Automated Synthetic Platforms were built and accompanying multipolar analysis rooms, multipolymeric separation laboratories were set up, and demand was gradually warming by 2024/04/26.
Started in size and successfully completed production and delivery of gmp; 3) company oligonucleic acid drugs (including 3. Conlonization (300759.sz) 2023 Annual Report Review: oligonucleotides, sirna, aso, etc.) have considerable front-line technical service capabilities
The integrated platform has grown robustly, actively promoting new productive capacity investment and capacity, and has been recognized by global clients as host to a number of early research and development projects.
4. Conlon into an in-depth report (300759.sz): platform-type investment proposals: corporate operations worldwide, committed to helping clients accelerate drug innovation and provide access to drugs \triangleright
The internationalization of cxo leads, new business continues to expand, new business does not detect the development of drug development, integrated process-wide drug research, development and production services. We expect 2025 - methodological and analytical logic to lead to conclusions, independent and objective production of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.