The three-point core drivers drive continued growth in corporate performance.
The company is the leader of the domestic electrolytic industry, and we believe that three core drivers drive the future growth in the performance of the gifted material: (1) the company integrates the raw materials upstream of the electrolyte, the core raw materials are self-sufficient, and the company ' s own industrial chain is closed, effectively reducing production costs and making the company Māori.
The level of research in the automotive and spare parts industry is relatively stable: (2) the firm ' s advantage at the cost is driven by the firm ' s active expansion of production capacity, its share of the market, and the firm ' s dominant position and size within the industry. (3) The company ' s downstream customers are small.
In addition to the inclusion of major domestic power cell manufacturing enterprises, including catl, atl, Biadei and Wandi, there is a strong degree of certainty about the rapid growth trend in the domestic new energy automobile industry.
The company, after mastering the lithium hexafluoride process, actively developed a more cost-effective liquid hexafluoric acid stock price relative to market performance (nearly 12 months) Lithium and continued integration of the electrolyte and the upstream raw materials of the positive materials, with strict cost control and clear advantages
In addition, the company has a strong interest in the new energy car industry chain, actively invests in new electrolytic liquids and a combination of liquids and fluorine production, and actively distributes new lithium salt fsi production expansions, firm corporate leadership, and we believe that the future industry will be more competitive.
The integrated industrial chain will become a new industry trend, with good cash flow and steady performance growth in the care sector.
Downstream customers cover mainstream home-grown businesses. In 2017, the business accounted for 32.48 per cent of total revenues, the Maori rate continued to grow steadily at around 25 per cent, cash flows performed well, and we predicted that profits would rise further in 2018. Companies took advantage of TNC subsidiaries in China as their entry point.
Actively seeking access to its global procurement system, the choice of suppliers by TNCs' customers requires stringent certification conditions, and cooperation with TNCs not only represents a degree of recognition of the quality and technical level of the company's products on the international market, but also creates favourable conditions for further market development by companies.
The new-energy car is doing well this year, and the new-energy car heat will drive upstream.
Prices of raw materials fluctuate, new downstream energy vehicles sell less than expected, and macroeconomic volatility. Quarterly performance has fallen year-on-year, and HFC prices are expected to hit bottom reverse2 and lithium hexafluoride, the key raw material upstream of the electrolyte, is expected to stabilize.
Domestic power cell output will exceed 60 gwh.4 New energy vehicle production will increase by more than 40% per year over the next three years, with domestic production exceeding 2.3 million by 2020.
1. It is widely believed in the market that excess electrolytic liquid capacity will lead to continued downswings in prices, and we believe that the total electrolytic fluid capacity is overstretched, but that low-end production capacity is much larger than demand, and that the industry competes for polarization. Companies have a leading domestic position in preparation processes and R & D levels, focusing on high-margin products, and have a strong industrial presence by expanding their size and technological advantages.
2. The market is generally of the opinion that upstream price changes affect the profitability of companies, and we believe that companies are gradually forming their own industrial chains, with high upstream and downstream integration, and that barriers to their own electrolyte operations are initially emerging.3 The market is generally of the view that companies focus on lithium ion cell material, and we believe that corporate individual care operations are profitable.
Stability, good cash flow, and relatively stable levels of Maori are important components of the growth in corporate performance.1 Downstream demand is expected to grow beyond expectations, and new energy vehicle policy drivers are emerging.2 The company ' s major downstream power cell manufacturers cut into international customers and obtain large orders.
Lithium hexafluoride prices rebounded.4 The company ' s positive material operations are above expectations.5 The company ' s international customers expanded smoothly.
1. Price volatility of raw materials. 2, Downstream new energy vehicles are sold less than expected.
The company’s main business is the development, production and sale of new chemical materials.
The main source of revenue is the production of lithium-ion cell material, which is the main source of revenue, which is the high rate of growth in the production of lithium-ion-cell material, the sale of lithium-ion-cell electrolyte, solar-chemical materials and special chemicals, which is 21.3 per cent less than in the same year, the net profit of the mother is $305 million less in the same year, which is 23.0 per cent lower in the same year, and the main cause of the decline in profits.
As a result of: 1) the continued high procurement prices of the main raw materials upstream of the chromosomes and special chemicals business in 2017, the Māori rate has fallen: 2) the price of lithium ion cell electrolyte sales has fallen, resulting in an upward trend in Māori net interest rates and Māori sales over the last five years, and a better profitability of the company, mainly due to the supply and demand relationship between the market.
The following two reasons are: (1) company integration of raw materials upstream of the electrolyte, self-sufficiency of the core raw materials, effectiveness, reduced production costs, increased company bargaining power in the market, and a relatively large increase in the rate of Maori in the electrolyte fluids, while most enterprises in the country resort to outsourcing at relatively high cost; (2) company downstream customers include almost all domestic owners
For power cell manufacturing companies, the country’s new energy automobile industry continues to grow rapidly, and downstream demand pulls up the price of hexafluoride after a sharp fall in 2017 and will continue to have considerable potential for growth with the implementation of the system of points. In the three major companies’ main projects, the Māori rate for lithium ion cell materials has remained stable at over 40%.
The Māori rate for personal nursing materials and organic silicon rubber materials has declined somewhat. Corporate R&D is strong, and its R&D costs have been rising steadily over the last five years. R&D costs in 2016 were three times higher than in 2012.
The production process of lithium fluorophosphate is based on the development of new and critical technologies such as liquid lithium hexafluorate and lifsi, electrolyte, flame retardants, etc. Companies are committed to actively expanding markets for high-quality products, providing high-quality technical clothing and solutions to customers, and creating customer value ahead of technology.
1. The fast growth in the sale of new energy vehicles is certain. In 2017, the country ' s growth in new energy vehicles continued to be strong, reaching 794,000 and 777,000, respectively, an increase of 53.8 per cent and 53.3 per cent, respectively, compared to the same year, of which 652,000 were sold annually for pure electric power and 125,000 annually for plugging.
The market for new energy vehicles increased by 0.9 percentage points in 2017 compared to the previous year, and its share increased to 2.7 per cent. The sales of new energy vehicles have been growing at a higher rate of about 50 per cent in recent years, especially in pure electric vehicles, which increased by 82 per cent in 2017.
2. Power cell output has grown rapidly and is expected to cut into the international customer supply chain system by billions of dollars, 12% more than in the same year. Ninder, Biadey, and Watermar are in the third highest volume of domestic output. Ninder power production has reached 17.09gwh, production 12.91gwh, sales of 11.85gwh, and capacity utilization has reached 75.54%.
With a sales rate of 91.79 per cent, production and capacity remained the highest in the industry. 36gwhh of power cell loads nationwide in 2017, as can be seen, the total stock was about 18.7 per cent of total production, while the total power cell industry was about 26.22whh, or 72.3 per cent of the total.
The 44% share of the battery market, whether marketed or split, will further enhance competitiveness by expanding regulations and technical advantages. New-energy cars will quickly lift the battery’s demand, unlocking the rapid expansion of the whole chain of power batteries, according to the mainstream.
The battery plant is planned to be expanded to 50 gwh in 2020, by Biadi to 26 gwh in 2018, by Tian Liguin to 20 gwh in 2020, by billions of latitudes to 9 gwh in 2017, by Far East Foster to 22 gwh in 2018, and by Watma to 20 gwh in 2017.
Energy supply is far greater than demand, industry is competitive, high-end production capacity is deficient or blank, power will accelerate in 2018, battery companies will win and lose.
Since June 2017, the State has introduced a series of new energy vehicle policies to promote the development of new energy vehicles, including a monthly catalogue of new energy automobile promotions, a two-part management scheme introduced in September 2017, a year-end adjustment settlement introduced in February 2018, setting the policy direction for the development of new energy vehicles, and continuing to promote new domestic energy opportunities through subsidized policies.
We believe that new energy vehicles will continue to grow by more than 40% per year by 2020, with more than 2 million vehicles sold by 2020. Second, domestic battery materials are growing rapidly, and companies master core industry technology.
The electrolyte is the “blood” of a lithium ion battery, a conductive channel between the positive and negative electrodes of the battery that transmits the ion, which plays a vital role in the battery’s relative capacity, working temperature range, circulation efficiency and safety performance. In terms of battery costs, 1kwh requires 1.5 kg of the electrolyte, which accounts for about 15% of the battery’s cost.
The electrolyte is the "blood" of the lithium ion cell. The material cost composition of the lithium electrolyte is 1. The electrolytic fluid development path.
The electrolytic solution consists of three parts of soluble, solvent and additive. Of these, the solution is currently dominated by lithium hexafluorate, which costs about 60% of the electrolyte lithium salt, and is the most important factor influencing the price of the electrolyte. Organic solvents are the largest part of the electrolytic mass, with the most common solvents including ethylene carbonate, diethyl carbonate, dimethyl carbonate and methyl ester carbonate.
The additives are diverse and are primarily used to improve the conductivity of batteries, safety, and prevent overcharges. The electrolyte requires a certain amount of technology and thresholds, the electrolytic fluids are low fixed costs, the core competitiveness lies in formulas, and generally, positive and negative are determined first, and the associated electrolyte is configured according to the composition and circumstances of the positive and negative electrolyte, which favours excellence.
Lithium hexafluorate is a white crystal powder, soakable to the tide, soluble to non-hydrated hydrogen and some carbonate-type solvents. In specific production, the process is demanding, requiring high purity and low moisture environments, as the product itself is highly sorbent.
Production is therefore extremely difficult, requiring raw materials and equipment, and is a product of high-tech barriers. Prior to 2011, Japanese enterprises represented by Kanto Electricization, Suterakemifa, Morida Chemistry monopolized the core technologies of lithium hexafluoride, with high prices, but since 2011 domestic companies represented by the gifted materials have been successful
A breakthrough in lithium hexafluoride technology has been achieved and has led to a rapid transfer of electrolyte to the country. Global electrolyte production in 2015 was 11.08 million tons, with a national production of 6.87 million tons, up rapidly to 62 per cent from 43.1 per cent in 2011, with domestic electrolytic fluids growing at a significantly higher rate than in the world, with a much larger trend in the last two years.
Process: 1) lithium ion cell electrolyte production: phosphoric acid is used in helium gas protection environments to counter-reaction by adding hydrofluoric acid, reacts with a slight pressure to produce milk for water-white liquid hexafluorophosphoric acid; 2) fluorine acid is slowly added to the reaction chamber with a hexafluoric acid solution, reacting under helium protection to generate gas pentafluoride; 3) lithium fluoride is dissolved
Fluorinated phosphorus is introduced into the dispersant fluid for reaction, producing lithium hexafluoride for reaction. Neither domestic nor industrial enterprises can provide an internal supply of lithium hexafluorate, and production process barriers are high and emerging firms cannot enter at short notice, so prices will stabilize over time unless the price of lithium carbonate from upstream raw materials falls.
In 2017, China produced 61 billion yuan in four key materials (positive and negative materials, diaphragms, electrolytic fluids), a 62% increase compared to the previous year, with the largest positive material production. From the table below, the price of lithium hexafluoride fell sharply.
In 2017, the production of lithium cell electrolyte increased by more than 100,000 tons, compared to 13 per cent in 2017, with a major increase in the long-range driving force from two sources: 1) domestic power cell production increased by about 45gwh, compared to 44 per cent in 2017, driving power.
Production of the electrolytic fluids rose: 2) exports from leading companies in the electrolyte industry to Japan increased steadily. In terms of output, domestic electrolyte production exceeded $5 billion in 2017, a slight decline in comparison with the previous year, and corporate Māori fell, mainly due to: 1) the increase in upstream chemical additive raw material prices and the fall in product prices in 2017 as the end-use pressure increased.
In the context of the growth of high-energy-density batteries, there has been an increase in investment in the development and fixed assets of electrolyte enterprises: 3) As environmental regulations continue to deepen, there has been an increase in environmental investment by high-risk chemical formulations producers. We believe that, with a sharp drop in prices, industry is less profitable than it was before.
In 2016, global lithium cell electrolyte production was about 150 million tons, an increase of 35.5% compared to the 35.5% in China and China.
South Korea, Japan, etc. Among them, China produced about 88,000 tons, with a global share of more than 60.0 per cent, an increase of 28.7 per cent over the same period; it achieved a production value of 5.86 billion yuan, an increase of 86.3 per cent over the same year, mainly because: 1) the price of electrolysis is higher; 2) the ratio of functionally responsible electrolyte with higher value added is higher.
From the standpoint of competition patterns, the top three positions in the country were held in 2017 by the State of Shenzhen, the State of New Zeus, and the State of Thailand, and the production of the material was firmly dominated by the industry. In 2017, through the acquisition of Kai Xin, Tian Xian succeeded in entering the supply chain of Catl and atl, the volume of production and sales increased significantly, and the layout of the raw materials upstream of lithium hexafluoride gained a certain cost advantage, resulting in the production of hydrofluoric acid.
In the next three years, China’s power cell market will be in a state of rapid development, and as the state’s subsidy policy is linked to its energy density, it will be able to increase its power supply to the next three years.
Three-dollar power cell occupancy rates will gradually increase, and the ratio of three-dollar systems and high voltage system electrolytes will increase. In addition, new systems materials will gradually be used in bulk applications and demand for new functions will continue to grow, such as electrolyte with silicon negative electrolytes, high nickel triolyte, 5v high voltage electrolyte, fast-charged electrolyte, etc., are expected to be repeated at low ends in the future.
The electrolytic liquid capacity will be eliminated, and businesses with core additive technology, up-front core raw material resources and high-quality households will grow. In 2017, the country’s lithium-powered battery delivered about 45gwhh, with a pure electric passenger car share of more than 50%, and a pure electric passenger vehicle consumption.
Battery consumption was over 25%, and pure passenger cars were the largest consumption of lithium-powered batteries in 2016. More space was available than buses in potential cities, and it was expected to become the main driver of power cell output in the future. New energy production in 2017 reached 794,000 and 777,000, respectively, and we forecast new energy vehicles in China in 2018.
By 2020, the new energy subsidy policy would have to be phased out, major enterprises would have to compete with technology, and the number of new energy automobiles would be projected to exceed 2 million that year; after 2020, the subsidy policy would have been withdrawn completely, a two-point policy would have been implemented, the industry would have entered a phase of quasi-marketization and full development was projected for China.
In terms of the structure of China’s new energy automobile industry, pure electricity and power cars remain the main drivers of new energy products. By predicting the production of new energy sources over the next five years, China’s new energy vehicle demand for power cells follows this trend.
In 2018, the demand for power cells is projected to reach around 50gwhh, the build-up of electric vehicles to further increase production and the country’s support for high energy density, with three-digit power cells delivering more than lithium phosphate batteries.
At the beginning of 2018, the company, through its own recapitalization of Jiang Si Ed, now holds 70 per cent of Jiang Si Ed's shares, mainly with the aim of increasing its control over the holding company and supplementing its financial needs for its construction and operation.
Ed has the key technology for the positive and ex-drive of lithium batteries, has the capacity to produce 10,000 tons of iron phosphate and 25,000 tons of lithium phosphate, and in 2017, the company funded 50 million dollars to set up Ednamy, to relocate the production line of 25,000 tons of phosphate in Jiangxi Ed, to Taizhou, and to sign a cooperation agreement with the city government of Taizhou for the construction of a new 25,000 tons of trinity material.
(d) US$ 75 million for lithium ion cell electrolysis materials, US$ 49 million for the construction of 3,000t/a resin material items, a total of 4.89 per cent, and the Jiangsu-sook lithium industry has the capacity to produce 10,000 tons of lithium phosphate and 10,000 tons of lithium phosphate, and the lithium carbonate project is progressing steadily. After the company ' s 2015 replenishment to Zhang Jimute, it owns the company.
About 51 per cent of the shares, which mainly provide additives for electrolyte fluids. Through the integration of raw materials upstream of the electrolysis fluids, the company has a greater advantage over the industry in terms of production costs of hexafluoride, and the company ' s lithium ion cell material operations have been significantly above industry levels since 2012 and above industry averages in 2016.
The company’s technical route for lithium hexafluoride is via pentachlorinated phosphorus and waterless hydrofluoric acid plus lithium fluoride, and the key raw material for producing lithium fluoride is lithium carbonate, so lithium carbonate is the key raw material for producing lithium hexafluoride.
The company obtains higher profitability than the industry average by locking in the price of upstream raw materials through equity participation and by using relatively low-cost phosphoric acid as a raw material to raise the Māori level where the by-product sulfur acid can be reused in the production of lithium phosphate to save treatment costs and part of the cost of raw materials.
The cost of producing lithium hexafluoride is less than the industry average by almost 20 per cent, the cost of developing new liquid lithium hexafluorate can be reduced by more than 10 per cent, and the company’s cost advantages are significant and its leader is strong.2 The expansion of 200,000 tons of electrolyte will destabilize the industry’s current pattern
In November 2017, the company issued an announcement to establish the An Xian Xiang Chi in An Quande, to expand 200,000 tons of electrolytic fluids in two instalments, with a total investment of $164 million in one phase over a 12-month construction period and a capacity of 100,000 tons, with a projected contribution of $3.59 billion after the completion of the first phase of the project, with a net profit of more than $130 million.
A China-China joint venture with the Central Nitros is planned to produce 60,000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluoride in two instalments. The first phase is expected to produce 30,000 tons (6,000 tons of crystallized crystal) and is expected to meet most of the electrolyte production capacity in Guangde, thus enabling upstream and downstream integration of the new capacity.
In March 2018, Xijiang Tianqi announced that it would use self-financing to build a 300,000-ton sulphur acid project that would consume the tail gas generated by existing installations and reduce the cost of tailings: at the same time, the residual thermal recovery system built with the sulphur acid project, which would also produce a steam output that would satisfy the public.
In addition, the project could better meet the future demand for sulphuric acid in projects such as lithium hexafluorate and iron phosphate, and provide sufficient raw materials to support the production of lithium ion cell material.
According to our calculations, the power cell in 1gwh would require about 0.21 million tons of electrolyte, with a total output of more than 100,000 tons in 2017, and the company’s share in the market would be about 30%. Guangde’s 100,000 tons of production capacity is expected to be operational by the end of 2018, the market for the electrolyte segment would enter a fully competitive era, with the company’s large-scale cost advantage.
A significant cost advantage would be to blow up existing industry grids 3, fully integrated upstream, stable Māori levels, thousands of tons and a slight decline in the ring over the third quarter. The company ' s lithium ion cell material business camp was affected by the sharp fall in the price of H6F.
In 2017, the price of the electrolyte product was generally low, with the average price of the company's output at about $40,000. Of this, the electrolyte with the triad material was 40,000 +/t, and the electrolyte with the phosphate lithium material 30,000 +/t, resulting in the overall decline in the price of potassium hexafluoride up to 2017.
In 2017, as capacity was gradually released, potassium phosphate fell from the highest of nearly 400,000 yuan/tonne at the beginning of 2017 to 130,000 yuan/tonne at the end of 2017, which was expected to be driven by a decline in the average market of Māori, lower capacity for new production in the industry and persistently high downstream demand.
The price of lithium hexafluoride and electrolyte is going to be stable. At present, the company’s production of hexafluoride can cover the company’s existing electrolytic liquid capacity, and the cost is more favourable than that of an outward purchase of hexafluoride, which currently costs about 80,000.
At the end of production, the liquid lithium hexafluorate has a more cost-effective advantage than the solid lithium hexafluorate, which will increase the company's profitability of water, and we expect that in 2018 the company's electrolyte volume will exceed 450,000 tons, a 50 per cent increase.The company currently produces 10,000 tons of lithium hexafluorate, including 4,000 tons of solid and 6,000 tons of liquid liquid and liquid hexafluoride.
Lithium acid is a 30% solution, which is more cost-effective than the same tonnage of solids, 6,000 tons of liquid-combined solids, with a total of 6,000 tons of solids, which can be matched with nearly 50,000 tons of electrolytic liquid energy. In addition, the company has developed a new lithium salt lifsi, which is now about to be produced at 300 tons per year and will be expanded in the future.
2,000 tons per year, but the current price of this lithium salt, at a million-grade level, will mainly target the high-end application market, where the main advantage of this lithium salt is good conductivity with low temperature performance and good performance in containing inflation. The company’s core electrolyte material, lithium hexafluorate, is being supplied internally, reducing production costs and increasing the company’s bargaining power in the market.
In July 2005, the country began to develop a large volume of lithium phosphate batteries, characterized by high discharge capacity, low cost, no toxicity, and no environmental pollution. Its safety performance is not comparable to that of other materials.
In addition, the Trinity is growing rapidly in recent years, with three-dollar lithium batteries and phosphate lithium batteries in the bulk of the vehicle type introduced by the Ministry of Technology and Communications in its new energy recommendation catalogue. The trinity material is nickel, cobalt, cobalt, manganese, lithium, nicomn, o2, trinity.
The main characteristics of the phosphate lithium batteries and the triple lithium batteries are differences in energy density and safety, the relationship of energy density to the ability of the power cell to continue, and safety is also one of the most important indicators of the power lithium cell in terms of energy density.
The energy density of the lithium phosphate battery is significantly different from that of the lithium tributary battery, which usually has a single energy density between 90 and 120 wh/kg, and that of the lithium trifluoride battery, which can reach around 200wh/kg, as can be seen from the relatively clear energy density advantage of the lithium trifluorescent battery, which is also the reason for the large number of upper-line lithium batteries produced in the country in recent years.
In terms of safety, the decomposition temperature of the three-bit lithium battery is around 200°C and the decomposition temperature of the phosphate lithium battery is around 700°C. In terms of temperature adaptation, the three-dollar hypothermia is better, and the phosphate lithium concentrates on high temperature, which is not so different. In terms of discharge efficiency, the three-digit lithium battery is more phosphate lithium in terms of recharge efficiency.
The pool has a great advantage. With its respective advantages, the triple dollar and the phosphate lithium are currently the two dominant batteries in the market, and four, the value of a protected product is stable and growing without fear.
The downstream clients of personal care products include, inter alia, Baersdorf, Unilever, Koluche, and Olya. The solar materials and special chemicals produced by the company consist of a range of products such as surfactants, silicon oil, water soluble polymers, sunny submodifiers, among which solar materials are widely used for personal care such as shampoo, bathing, laundry fluids, etc.
In the area of home-based care, special chemicals are used mainly in industrial areas such as oil extraction, paper-making, pesticide-painting, 3d printing and so on
According to the semi-annual report of 2017, $304 million was collected in the first half of 2017 for chemochemical materials and special chemicals, representing a decline in the gross rate, but there has been an upturn in the four quarters and an upgrade in the structure of the company ' s products, which is expected to rise to around 28% a year, and we expect a further recovery in profit in 2018.
In addition, the cash flow of the company’s daily materials industry has performed well and has been collected downstream for a period of two months. The company’s supply camps are expected to be in 2017.
In the case of materials products, since 2006, companies have been actively promoting quality assurance and the creation and upgrading of the ehs system with international integration, and have for many years been able to achieve better dissemination and visibility by actively expanding international markets and displaying their strengths and images at large global solar material and battery fairs. At the same time, international operations have grown rapidly.
Companies actively seek access to their global procurement systems, using TNCs’ subsidiaries in China as a gateway. After many years of development, companies have established cooperative relationships with such multinational companies as Pocahontas, Unilever, Olya, Byersdorf, Koluchie, Sony.
During the year’s study, cooperation with transnational corporations (TNCs) not only marked, to some extent, the recognition of the quality and technical level of the company’s products in the international market, but also created favourable conditions for further market opening by companies.2 Organic silicon materials should be used in new energy vehicles.
Corporate production of organic silicon rubber materials consists mainly of liquid silicon rubber. Liquid silicon rubbers have excellent physical and electrical performance and are widely applied in the fields of molding, electrical, electrical, electrical, motor, motor, medical, solar, etc. According to the semi-annual 2017 report, organic silicon rubber materials received $3.09 million, or 3.3 per cent of the total, and Māori.
Competition in the organic silicon rubber industry increased significantly in 2017, with firms gradually restructuring their customer structures and product formations, focusing on market development for high-moric products, increasing R & D inputs, improving production efficiency, enhancing quality assurance, and selling on a more or less equal scale than expected.
Wang Fenghua, a graduate student at the People’s University of China, is currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.