• South-West Securities Research and Development Centre recommended logic: corporate ownership is on the upscaling path and sales and performance are expected to double;
At the bottom of the market, in 2020, there will be heavy-pound cars like explorers, Lincoln, etc.; the mix is moving steadily, and the company’s loss points are gradually decreasing. We believe that the company’s business position is gradually improving, with net profits expected to rise from 2019 to 2021, respectively, with autonomous brands entering the new model cycle, cs75plus, etc.
Continued hot sales of heavy-pound vehicles, which in 2020, as a brand-new product for long-sequence cars, are expected to improve the coverage of long vehicles in terms of product location, target groups, etc., and to further raise the ceiling of the new cycle. The low business point for corporate brand ownership occurred in the first half of 2019 and started in the second half of 2019.
At the same time, the long and secure new power platform has been on the market, further reducing the cost of the product while increasing its competitiveness, thus enabling sales and profits to be made at the bottom of Chang Anfort, and the new cycle to continue. In 2018, Chang Anfort has been going through about two years.
The restructuring period has brought about a series of changes in marketing, research and development, downswing, and nationalization. In 2020, Annford introduced heavy-pound cars, explorers, Lincoln brands, etc., and the layout of the product lines will be further improved, hopefully leading to a drop in sales.
..contributions are steadily moving forward and asset structures are optimized. The company’s co-optivation, which has led to a reduction in the shareholding ratio of losing companies such as Jiang bells, new energy technologies, etc., can not only increase the dynamism of its subsidiaries, but also reduce its overall business drag.
Actively optimize assets under the flag, sell those under the banner of Anpsa, and complete the strategic transformation. Follow-on companies are expected to continue to optimize assets under the flag and further adjust their strategic focus.
1. Chang An (000625): December sales equal to larger 2. Chang An (000625): sale of Chang Anpa Unit 3. Chang An (000625): new sources of energy have been added to the ground.
Open-source currents drive continuous improvement 4. Long-Ann vehicles (000625).
Cs75plus continued to sell (2019-11-07) The Chang-Ann vehicle is one of the four largest automobile groups in the country, with the ability to develop, manufacture and sell whole cars and core components. As one of the oldest automobile groups, the Chang-Aon car combines the development of autonomous and joint brands.
Cars, Oshan brands, Kaicho commercial cars, etc., joint venture brands include long Anfort (50%), long Angmadha (50%), long Angnostic (100%), long Angkor (to sell all shares) and snow and iron dragons (to sell all shares). In 2018, the Cheong An vehicle launched a strategic plan, “Third Entrepreneurship - Innovative Entrepreneurship Strategy”, which aims to transform into a modern technology service provider with an international competition.
The company’s shareholder structure: In June 2018, China’s Chang'an Motors Group Ltd., in order to do good car business, further promoted the development of Chang’an’s car by transferring 21.56% of the shares of the Chang’an car in the form of a free transfer.
As of the first three quarters of 2019, the China Soldier Group, the China Chang An Group, and the China Futong Investment Company Ltd. held 21.56%, 19.32% and 3.21% of the company’s shares, including the China Soldier Group, the China Chang An Group and the China Fung Tung Investment Company, their subsidiaries, as concerted actors.
Corporate sales: 1.76 million vehicles sold in 2019, of which about 920,000 were branded autonomously, with a significant overall increase in the share. By sub-brand, autonomous brands benefited from the continued heat sales of heavy-pound new models, such as cs75plus, cs35plus, in the second half of the year, and the sales of autonomous brands increased steadily.
The branding period began in 2018, the whole of New Fox was marketed at the end of 2018, the middle of the world was marketed in 2019, and the whole of New Ford was marketed at the end of the year. Although Chang Ann Ford kept the market on the market by keeping the new model, at the end of the sales, the length of the adjustment period continued, with sales in 2019 continuing as a percentage of sales.
Corporate performance: from a revenue point of view, as a result of a decline in sales, corporate revenue has slipped since 2018, and with the introduction of a heavy-pound model, such as the company’s own brand, cs75plus, the company’s harvest is expected to turn.
Corporate performance is composed of the performance of autonomous brands and the return on investment by joint brands such as Long Anfort and Long Anmazuda. In 2018, corporate performance as a whole was also significantly affected. Starting in the third quarter of 2019, with the advent of an autonomous branding cycle, the company’s autonomous sections gradually moved into an upswing period, with a single-quarter operating balance of gains and losses achieved as the heavy-pound model continued.
Hot sales, corporate ownership brands have come to a turning point. 2 Autonomous brands: new car cycles are open, business is on the rise, autonomous brands are on the new model cycle in 2019, and heavy-pound models, such as cs75plus, continue to be sold, further up.
At the same time, long and secure new power platforms are on the market, while increasing product competitiveness while further reducing the cost of products and thus achieving flexible growth in sales and profits. We expect a long, self-sustaining 2.1 new vehicle cycle from 2020 to 2021, with continued high sales.
Distribution of autonomous production capacity: 2 plants at the long passenger car (v) mouth base, mainly producing cs55 and Wiesc, with a cumulative capacity of 240,000; 2 plants at the factory in Yongbei, with a total capacity of 280,000 cs35p and abstinence; 2 plants at the fertilizer base, 1 plant producing cs15 and abscondt, with a total capacity of 160,000, 2 plants producing cs75p, with a total capacity of 2 plants, with a total capacity of 2 million
The Aoshan brand, which is owned by Chongqing and Nanjing plants, produces cx70, Kosai, x7 and has cumulative capacity of 260,000 Kyoto bases and compost bases. In the area of cars, the company now has two major brands, namely, the Cheonan and the Oshan brand.
Central cs35 and cs75 benefited from the new car effect, which led to a reverse increase in the market, and a decline in sales of cs55. The switch in 2019 to the power of the 1.4t Blue Whale platform, which was the main vehicle in the car collar area, also led to a counter-market rise in sales.
In 2019, q4 achieved a much higher rate of growth than in the industry. The main reason was that in the fourth quarter of 2019, cs75pus, cs35pus, and other vehicles such as the vagabond, performed more than market expectations. We believe that in 2020 long-term autonomy will continue to be strong enough to change the current product layout, including a new set of unit, a fugitive plus, and a new 1.5 t-blue engine.
Cs55plus and Widlycc, the continued strengthening of the product cycle is expected to open the way to the rise of the long-sleeved autonomous brand.cs75plus continues to sell, and competition remains uncompetitive in the short term: the models listed in the same period in late 2019 include Jiliberov pro and Eunweirx5max. We have 1.5t and 2.0t (1.8t) of the three models, respectively.
The power configuration is different, and Gilly chooses the second stage of the configuration for automatic blockage: For the 1.5 t APP model, the price of the sale, internal and external accoutrements, and the basic configuration are the main concerns of the consumer. Compared to the competitive model, cs75plus1.5t, the vendor guidance price is lower.
For the medium-high distribution version of 2.0t, the increase in electronic configurations, such as active security, is a major factor in comparison. The comparison of competitive models, cs75plus, in power configuration, is a factor in comparison.
More excellent, and at the same time rich configurations highlight their value for money. Compared to the old cs75 model, cs75plus has a much higher level of improvement in interior and interior decorating, power, and configuration, especially in the design of interior and interior decorations, the Chang An car has introduced the mazeda chief designer Yamada.
Dong-hyun, who led the design of cs75plus, made up for cs75 in interior and external decorating. In 2019, the heavy weight of the suv model of the mainstream autonomous car companies Gilibur, upper rx5 and wide-air transmission gs4, all completed the replacement, and the long-city car counterpart is expected to complete the replacement by 2020, so we believe that the 2020 cs75 level
Table 4: Analysis of cs75plus competitions, Figure 12: Long Ancs75 shape
Figure 13: Long Ancs75 ed. Figure 14: Cs75plus vs. competitive car sales (millions)
See, the vagabond plus follows the family design language of cs75plus, compared to the cash vagabond pattern, where the vagabond Plus has made great progress in the design of the internal and external adornment, also making up for the cash vagabond shortboard. On the power side, the latest blue whale ne1.4t engine plus 7dct power platform is also mounted. On the security configuration, the acc-sg stops.
We believe that, in terms of design and positioning, vagabond plus is expected to replicate the successful path of cs75plus. The sedan has been a strong area for joint ventures, and the autonomous brand has been better configured in terms of limo.
In 2019, the Autonomous Branded Cars Champion was Jili's Deok-ho, selling over 180,000 vehicles a year, with the top five models: Giliti-Ho, Eunwei5, North Steam-eu, Long Enemy, and Gilly-Ri. We believe that the new vagabond plus has made great progress on all sides of the product and is expected to break the existing pattern of competition. At the same time, reference is made to cars such as cs75plus, cs35plus, etc.
The price of the model is expected to be higher than the price of cash and higher profitability of the product. Figure 18: Fugitive interior diagrams of cash, Figure 19: Autonomous brand car sales
Uni-t opens a new product sequence: un-t is a new product for the long-anxle vehicle, which is expected to be a product with a cross-border model lower than cs85 from the declaration map. From the product design, the un-t product is designed to be more advanced, and the target population is expected to be younger. And un-t will carry the long blue whale ne1.5t engine.
Reliance on the sales performance of the cs series, while un-t, as a whole new sequence of long-ann automobiles, is expected to compensate for the shortcomings of long-ann cars in terms of product location, target groups, etc.
2.2 A combination of open-source fluids and significant mitigation efficiency gains were achieved in 2019, when the company launched the Blue Whale Power brand, which consists of blue whale engines, blue whale transformers, blue whale oil hybrids. Its medium-blue whale engines include voluminous high-performance motors from blue whales and small-volume high-energy engine platforms from blue whales; blue whale variants.
Speeders include the Blue Whale 6-speed mixer and the Blue Whale 7-speed dct transformer. Of these, Blue Whale ne power platform designs and hosts 1.0-1.8l discharges, with a rate of generalization of up to 98%. New cs35plus and vrown plus are currently carrying Blue whale 1.4t starters and 7dc power mixes, with a steady recovery of car edges as the main engine 1.5t + 7dct power platforms are on board.
City, the company's downfall at the end of the purchase is expected to be further demonstrated. Figure 22: Blue whale power brand planning, autonomous branding entering the business up-market. We measure the car company by analysing the fixed cost of Chang-Ann's own brand.
These include, inter alia, depreciation, R & D costs (amortization and cost), advertising costs, salaries of managers, and financial costs. Generally, financial costs are not operating costs, but the impact of financial costs is considered in the calculation of fixed costs.
Main brands are gradually entering the business up-scaling route. Figure 26: Self-employed surplus/loss balance sales in 2019 (excluding off-the-shelf income measurement) Figure 27: Long-service self-employed car margin movements in 2019 (excluding off-the-shelf income measurement)
Three long Anforts: The state of business, the cycle of new cars, and the entry of Ford cars into the Chinese market dates back to the 1990’s at the earliest. In 1995, Ford’s year, compared to the nationalization of other international brands, Ford’s car was relatively behind schedule.
The joint venture between the car and Chang-An has created the long An-ford Motors Company Ltd., which holds 50% of the shares. Since its establishment, Chang-Amford has achieved the nationalization of Carnival, Mondio, Fox, Wing Tigers, Taurus, Bulls, Bulls, etc.
Majuda Motors Ltd., with 50% shareholding, 35% shareholding in Ford, and 15% shareholding in Majeta. At that time, the Ford Car held 33% shareholding in Majeta, and the Ford Car wanted to co-open the Chinese market by introducing a product line that would enrich Matuta further, Anfort.
In 2010, Ford reduced the share held in Madheda to 2.9%, without holding the share in Madheda. For Madheda, there is greater autonomy in China’s market decision-making, and gradually moving away from the Ford car.
Since the transfer of all vehicle-type production to Nanjing’s factory, by 2012 Chang An had transferred the qualifications of Nanjing’s car production to Changjing’s Anjuda, and the separation of the Chang Anfort Majda Automobile Company into two companies, the Long Anfort Motors Company and the Long Anjuda Motors Company Company, in which Chang Anu’an’s car and Ma’Aj’Dha held 50% of the share in the Chang Anju’a Automobile Company, respectively, were sold out.
Chang Anfort now owns five major production bases in the country, located in Chongqing, Hangzhou, Harbin. Chongqing has three major factories, operating in 2004, 2012 and 2014, with a total capacity of 1.15 million vehicles per year.
The Harbin base was launched in 2016, with long Anfort moving into adjustment. Long Anfort's current flag type includes most of the models under the Ford global platform, and the product lines cover smaller cars to medium-sized and large cars, with cars, suvs, mpvs, all of them.
Formes, Mondiaux, Taurus; suv with wing tigers, wingbones, sharp circles, sharp edges; mpv with speed and wisdom. From the volume of sales, benefiting from the rapid growth of the domestic automobile market, Chang Anfort's sales have been growing. But since 2017, it has been influenced by the aging of vehicles and a decline in product competitiveness, which has led to a sharper decline in Long Anfort's sales from 2017 to 2017.
Long-and-fort performance has also fallen considerably. Long-and-fort's adjustment period began in 2018, with the introduction of new and replacement models, including a new generation of Fox, mid-term re-prisoners, and heavy-pound vehicles, and is expected to recover further with Lincoln's national production, and long-and-fort's output.
In December 2019, Long Anfort was placed on the market, and three editions were released: Happy, Advantage and Literary. The sale price was 1898, 2048 and 2188, respectively, and the sale price was higher than expected. The whole chain was marked with a four-drive system, with a power platform of 8at+2.0t, which speeded up 7.5s at 100 km.
In our view, a four-drive joint venture, with a first price below 200,000, with a higher value, is expected. Compared to a competitive car, the position between Ford's sharper position is more inclined to motion, and the position is more rejuvenated.
At the same time, the cost of the entry-level car-style joy edition is only $18.98 million for joint ventures.
The first sale price of the brand shows up to 200,000 suv4 models. The explorer's nationalization is imminent and is expected to be Ford's next car. The explorer's next nationalized car model for Ford's brand, positioned as seven large suvs. We believe that the explorer is expected to become Chang Anford's next hot-selling model:
(a) Explorers have a long-term reputational accumulation, explorers have a long-standing record in the United States market of 1.5 to 20,000 vehicles sold per month, and national production can be more attractive in terms of prices and design;
The mainstream vehicle is a popular and popular Anke flag. The Anke flag was marketed in November 2019 and now has a wholesale sale of more than 3,000 vehicles.
In 2020, Lincoln brand was expected to be nationalized with three models, with Lincoln adventurers already pre-sold and expected to be in March 2020. The price of domestic adventurers was between $250,000 and $350,000, while the price of imported mkc was between $280,000 and $380,000, and the price of national adventurers was around $30,000.
Nationally produced brands have been more successful, with 184,000 Cadillacs in 2019, of which 47,000 were sold by adventurers against the Xt4 model. We believe that the long Anfort brand is expected to be a positive boost as Lincoln’s brand is nationalized and the long Anfort product line is fully opened.
Ndsd was founded, and marketing reforms were well under way. In 2018, Enfort set up the Nsds (the Ford National Distribution Service), and the management of the long Annford distribution network became home-grown.
Since the beginning of 2018, Chang Anfort has made a significant de-stocking ahead of the industry, and its overall stock level is now at the bottom of the longer Anfort business, waiting to rise. Since 2018, Chang Anfort has undergone a two-year transition, with a series of reforms in marketing, research and development, drops, and nationalization.
We expect long Anfort sales to grow by 49/38% in 2020/2011. The company’s chief, Entrei An, introduced strategic investors, with a reduced vehicle holding ratio from 100% to 48.95%.
At the same time, Nanjing Yuko, the Chairman's New Fund, the Sanjiang Fund, and the South Industrial Fund have four strategic investors with a combined increase of 2.84 billion yuan. After the replenishment was completed, the Chang and Air vehicles, Nanjing Yunko, the Chang and New Fund, the Yujiang Fund and the South Industrial Fund held 48.95 per cent, 17.97 per cent, respectively.
The short-term completion of the new energy mix will reduce corporate losses and, in the medium to long term, will facilitate the establishment of corporate governance, management and operational mechanisms for the new energy source that meet the needs of the city, enhance the core competitiveness of the new energy technology firm, and accelerate the implementation of the company's Shangri-La scheme. The company expects that the completion of the mix will increase its net profits by $2.29 billion.
The company transferred 50% of the holdings of the long ampsa to the former sea, with an amount of $1.63 billion. The purchase was made from the former sea by a fully-owned subsidiary of the Bounty Car, with a net asset of -520 million and an estimated value of -3.25 billion yuan, with a value of 3.77 billion yuan, after the completion of the deal, and the long-spant car no longer held a stake in the long Anpsa.
Psa’s accumulated loss of $2.2 billion will significantly reduce the negative impact on the performance of listed companies when the transaction is completed. We believe that the completion of the sale of the company’s Anapsa will reduce the company’s loss point and further optimize the company’s asset structure, in line with the strategic transformation of the company.
The introduction of war ventures can not only increase the dynamism of their subsidiaries, but also reduce the drag on the company’s overall operations. At the same time, companies are actively optimizing their assets under the flag, selling their long-associated Anpsa assets, and completing the strategic transformation.
Assumption 3: We assume that the non-recurrent gains and losses from new energy technologies, long Anpsa as a result of mixing, are factored into 2020, with a higher value than expected, and sales are expected. At the same time, in the first quarter of 2020, Lincoln's venture capital, Ford's new car cycle.
In terms of autonomy, cs35p/55p/75p continues to be sold, and the new vehicle matrix produces a guaranteed follow-up performance, with a flash-up on the market and a lot to be expected. The new power platform (dct+Blue Whalene) provides a rich configuration while at the same time achieving a reduction in procurement costs, and the procurement end-of-cost exploration has led to a sustained improvement in the profit margin.
The platform will be replaced, with a further improvement in the profit margin. In terms of liquidity, the sale of the company's full share of Capt. Anpsa and the transformation of the energy mix will gradually reduce the company's performance loss points and the governance structure will be optimized. The current Chang-Am car is only eight times lower than the industry average valuation in 2020, and given that Chang-Am's vehicle business is on the rise, we think it is long.
There is still room for a rise in cars. Given the progressive realization period for the operation of the Cheonan car, 12 times as much as in 2020, up to a “buy-in” rating, with a macroeconomic downside; less than expected in the sale of cars; less advanced in the listing of new models; better mix and non-recurrent gains and losses
No, either directly or indirectly, will not receive any form of compensation for the absence of, or for the absence of, specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.