Annual performance rating 2025: q2 return net profit of the same year + 38 per cent higher than expected, tap to benefit fully from the domestic and foreign resonance o2 net profit of the same year + 38 per cent higher than tap to benefit fully from the domestic and foreign resonance
The gross operating income of company 2025h1 is 44.780 billion yuan, compared with 14.6%; the net profit of the mother is $5.22 billion, and machinery: sales revenue is $7.80 billion, compared with 17.9%, and benefits from structural needs such as domestic wind and electricity, which are better than concrete. Looking forward to the second half of the year, the sales of excavators continued to grow at a higher rate in July.
The country’s non-digging decline has been remarkably narrow, the domestic and foreign cycles have started resonant, and the company’s revenue ends are expected to grow faster. The Māori ratio has increased significantly, both domestically and internationally, and the profits of the up-to-date cycle continue to be released.
Thanks to the effects of the upper-cycle scale, the increase in the rate of Maori in cranes and concrete machinery has been mainly due to industrial warming, competition has eased and product structure has been adjusted; overseas Māori rates of 31.2 per cent, compared to +1.0 ptt, have been judged to have benefited mainly from the export of the 2025h1 excavators, with the increase in the Māori rate being higher in the centre than in small digs, resulting from structural improvements.
The net operating cash flow of $10.13 billion, or 20.1 per cent of the year, continues to be at a high-quality profit level.
At the industry level: Domestically, 2025 was the starting point for the domestic cycle, with high demand in Africa, Indonesia, etc., for updating the replacement logic plus finance, and long-term Chinese brand competitiveness gradually increasing.
At the end of the day, under the Toro leadership and the strategy of global electricization, profit elasticity, overseas growth over-performance, cash flow over-performance are unleashed. 1 Globalization: the company’s overseas production is well-placed, in Indonesia, in the United States, and in Indonesia II.
Phased plants, South African factories are being built in an orderly manner, and the advantages of localization are evident. 2 Electricization: In 2024, the Department achieved $4.03 billion in revenue from new energy products, compared to 23%, with electric mixers, electric excavators, electric cranes, electric pumps, and the highest rates in the industry.
The series’s continued performance, corporate products, channels, and competitiveness of services have highlighted and gradually moved toward a global flagship.  Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: We maintain the company’s forecast of net return profits for 2025-2027 at the level of Dong Wu Securities Company Limited, which has been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.