2025h1 Income increases both within and outside the country, and the profitability of q2 continues to rise.
The profitability of 2025q2 has continued to increase, and the cost-control effect is evident. 2025h1, the company's recovery has continued, with the company starting major engineering work in the deeply beneficiary countries. 2025h1 engineering activity has continued, with hyper-long-term national debt, equipment renewal policy deepening, etc.
Domestic demand has increased, and companies are in the first position in the domestic market for core products such as digging machines, concrete machines, cranes, etc., with a steady increase in global market share. Concrete machinery accounts for $7,441 million, a decline of 6.49%, compared to the previous year, and secures the world’s first brand.
The city of cranes is the country's first largest. Roadside mechanics collect 2,159 million yuan, an increase of 36.83 per cent over the same period. Craft mechanics collect 1,341 million yuan, an increase of 15.05 per cent over the same period.
Companies are actively pursuing an internationalization strategy of $1 billion, representing an increase of 11.59 per cent, representing 59.16 per cent of the total, vehicle cranes, and full ground liftings.
There has been a significant increase in the share of overseas cities in aircraft and cross-country cranes. By region, Asia and the Pacific received 4,455 million dollars, an increase of 16.30 per cent over the same period; Europe received 6,152 million dollars, an increase of the same amount, moving towards electricization, focusing on three major technological routes.
The electrical transformation of products such as machines, cranes, and so on, focuses on the three main technological routes of pure electricity, blending and hydrogen fuels, and continues to replace new energy products. In 2024, companies achieved revenues from new energy products, accounting for the completion of more than 30 new energy products.
Reduced demand for domestic enterprise products in the external market will result in pressure on the firm’s performance; (3) where raw materials prices rise significantly, the firm’s performance will be under greater pressure.Note: “Market index” of this rating system, a share reference of 300 indexes; and a new three-board reference point.
Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risks”, “stable” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium and high risks”, “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and are aware of it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.