Both domestic and foreign revenues are growing and efficiency gains continue to rise.
Realization of a net return to the mother, $5.22 billion, +46 per cent. The Māori ratio in the engineering and machinery industry, 27.57 per cent/year ratio, achieved business income of $23.485 billion, +11.43 per cent, achieved a net return to the mother, 2,745 million yuan, and high growth in the African market, in line with the high demand for mining and energy infrastructure abroad.
□: lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn product structure continues to be optimized, full-wire coverage is electrodynamic and intelligent upgrading is continuing. 25h1 excavator Peng Xingga
The engineering/road machinery collected $7.440 billion, $7.80 billion, or $2.14 billion, or $2.16 billion, respectively, compared to: Pengxingjia_yj@chinastock.com.cn, which achieved full-line coverage and continued research and development and testing of unmanned products.
The efficiency gains are evident and the level of cash flow and risk control is excellent. 6.54 per cent/2.81 per /4.83 per cent/-1.91 per cent for sales/management/research and development/fiscal costs (as a proportion of total operating income), compared with profit projections and investment proposals: internal sales dimension, over-expected sales in July and better funding availability.
At the export level, most of the core commodity prices, such as gold and copper, remain high, and Europe’s interest rates have declined – fiscal expansion – and the economic landscape has risen, and demand is showing signs of bottom-up.
A relatively deep 300 performance map is solid, with sustained deepening of the “globalization, digital intelligence, low-carbonization” strategy, demonstrated efficiency gains, excellent cash flow and risk management levels, promising to continue in line with the recovery of domestic industries and the higher climates abroad.
1. Galactic Machines 25q1 performance rating - 3x1 performance rating - 3x1 performance expectations and continuous increase in profitability 2.
Globalisation, intelligence, electro-dynamics are accelerating, with high-quality operations, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.