A low-cost airline with excellent profitability, operating a civil aviation transport aircraft, providing passenger transport services. In late 2023, the company operated 121 aircraft of the Airfleet a320 series.
Mr. Junghua, Mr. Wang Xiao, the high-cost control has led to high profitability, with companies offering cheaper air tickets than all-service airlines on the one hand.
Attracting passengers, on the one hand, using a two-way, two-high, two-low operating model that controls low-cost costs and makes low-cost fares a profit-making advantage. Net corporate gains in 2019 are manageable, operations recovered rapidly in 2023, leading to a recovery in profits in the first three quarters.
We believe that our civil aviation supply grew at a limited rate in 2024, and that demand, especially in the international market, has increased.
Total market value/market value in circulation (billion yuan) 516/516 Long-term constraints on the growth of the supply of civil aviation, which is expected to remain low and demand is expected to raise the supply/demand relationship of civil aviation and raise the level of profitability in the industry as the industry recovers further
Sioux, the efficiency of the company fleet is expected to increase further, with the associated costs being spread out, and the overall recovery of the Han Tai market in 2023 was weak due to the over 30% of the company's international shipping line in the history of Shanghai Spring and Fall International Travel Agency.
Over the same period, 60% of the year was high, and market nurturing was still taking time, while with the recovery of international markets, good firms’ domestic stock patterns were optimized and prices were improving. We expect aviation revenues to be $17.57 billion in spring and autumn 2023-2025, respectively.
The pe valuation of the expected performance in 2024 is 16.6 x, which is still significantly below the historical average, and there is still room for up-to-up restoration. Taking into account the comparative advantage of the United States Southwest Aviation, which continues to be profitable after growing in size, we continue to look at the future development potential of spring and fall and maintain the company’s “buy-in” potential.
As of late 2023, the company was operating 121 air passenger a320-type passenger aircraft. In 2023, the company's market in our civil aviation market.
On the one hand, companies attract tourists by providing cheaper tickets than all-service airlines, and on the other hand, the “two-size, two-high, two-low” business model is extremely restrictive and low-cost, and low-cost fares are profitable.
In 2019, the net profit of the company was 12.41%, well above the traditional All Service Airlines, the total losses of the Department were manageable from 2020 to 2022, the business recovered rapidly in 2023, and the profits of the previous three quarters were at an all-time high.
It is still necessary to analyse the supply and demand of the civil aviation industry, which is clearly above the industry average, but still unable to move away from the industry’s own cyclical changes. We believe that in 2024 the country’s civil aviation supply grew at a limited rate and that demand, especially international routes, is expected to recover further.
The growth rate is expected to remain low, and the growth in demand is expected to boost the supply-demand relationship for civil aviation, leading to higher levels of profitability in the industry. Companies’ performance has been record high in the year, but as a result of the company’s history of over 30% of its capacity to move to international routes, the recovery in the traditional advantage market in 2023 was generally weaker than the industry’s average, and the company did not stop expanding in 2020-2022, leading to domestic shipping.
It is 60% higher than in the same period in 2019, and the amount of time it takes to nurture the market also affects the quality of the benefits. As public-sector international airline operations continue to improve, it does not exclude the possibility of future reductions in the domestic market of companies and increased international routes, optimized intra-bank business patterns and sustained improvements in prices.
Southwest America is one of the most successful low-cost airlines in the history of the United States, and the path to growth is worth learning. From the operational data of the past 40 years, except for 2020, when the epidemic force majeure flow fell dramatically, the company was able to cross several business cycles in all years, making a profit.
Thanks to good cost control, even when the fleet has grown to a significant size, it still has a significant profit margin compared to the US average of the three major shipping fleets. Spring and autumn aviation has developed over 20 years, with a robust expansion of the fleet and a profit-making advantage that remains significant, and with a lighter financial burden that provides a solid basis for sustained development in the future.
As of 31 January 2024, the total market value of spring and fall aviation was $51.2 billion, and the pe valuation for the expected performance in 2024 was still significantly below historical averages, with room for up-turn restoration. Taking into account the comparative advantage of southwest United States aviation in maintaining profitability after its growing size, we continue to look at the future development potential of spring and autumn aviation and maintain a corporate “buy-in” rating.
Spring and Fall Air is a low-cost airline that operates primarily on civil aviation transport aircraft and provides passenger transport services. ipo was completed and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in January of that year.
Chart 1: The history of spring and fall aviation follows the establishment of Spring and Fall Aviation Ltd. (Spring and Autumn Ltd.) with a large shareholder, Spring and Autumn Brigades, unilaterally increasing the funding to Spring and Autumn Aviation Ltd. to $200 million, with a limited registration capital for spring and navigation after the replenishment.
In 1981, Mr. Wang founded the Shanghai Spring and Fall Travel Agency (Shanghai Spring and Fall).
The company is currently in the hands of Mr. Wang Junghua, Mr. Wang Junghua, Mr. Wang Junghua, Mr. Wang Changhua, Mr. Wang Changhua, and the co-operator of the Spring and Autumn Brigades, who together owned 56.64% of the company's shares, Mr. Wang Xiao, by controlling the Chun and Autumn Tours, the Spring and the Spring and Autumn Tours.
Mr. Junghua, son of Mr. Wang Junghua, and Mr. Wang Jian, acting in concert.
On the one hand, companies attract passengers by providing cheaper tickets than all-service airlines, and on the other hand, by adopting a “two-way”, “two-high” and “two-low” operating model, significant efforts have been made in cost control to significantly reduce the corresponding cost levels for unit transport indicators, and to reduce the low cost of airline tickets to the industry’s leading profitability. In 2019, corporate units ask
The value of the shipment was 28.4% lower than the average of the three shipping lines, but the total profit per unit ask was 183.9% higher than the three. Of this, $1.84 billion was earned in the third quarter, which was the highest single-quarter profit in history, with a single-quarter net profit rate of 30%, far higher than that of other listed airlines.
A single two-high and two-low operating model The two-high and two-low operating model of spring and fall aviation can be summarized as “two-high”, “two-low” and “two-low”.
Single aircraft: all aircraft operated by Air Spring and Fall are aircraft of the Airbusa 320 series, with a single cfm engine, which can significantly reduce the cost of aircraft purchase and lease, the cost of aircraft self-selected equipment projects, the cost of self-supporting shipping materials, and the number of backup engines, as well as the repair of engines, auxiliary power units and packages to the original manufacturer to control the launch of the aircraft
Major maintenance costs and reduced daily procurement, delivery and warehousing of shipping materials through the pooling of freight stock, reduced maintenance engineering difficulties and reduced complexity of training of pilots, aircrews and passenger crews. Single-class: no first-class, business-class, economy-class, compared to the traditional two-class configurations.
Since September of that year, the company has introduced a320 aircraft with a new passenger cabin layout, which will guarantee an increase in the number of single seats from 180 to 186, with no change in seat spacing. As of the end of June 2023, the company had 82 186 class A320 aircraft. Since September 2020, the company has introduced 240 class A321neo aircraft, and by the end of 2023, the company had 9 aircraft.
A321neo aircraft: Chart 3: Air Spring and Fall 186a,320 passenger cabin layout “two-high” means high passenger occupancy and high aircraft day utilization:
High passenger occupancy: On the basis of the high passenger cabin density, the company attracts passengers by providing cheaper tickets than all-service airlines, pursuing a high passenger rate, returning to 89.39 per cent throughout the year 2023, and returning to an average of more than 90 per cent, far above the industry average. High passenger occupancy has been further spread over fixed costs, resulting in a more significant one-person cost advantage.
High aircraft day utilization: the company obtained more guaranteed efficiency through single-air operations, increased the time spent by the aircraft using more intensive flight lines and fewer cargo operations. In addition, the company made greater use of extended hours (11.24 hours per day of the company ' s fleet before 8 o ' clock or year, higher than the industry average of 1.91 hours, with the company fleet utilized during the first half of 2023 months).
The rate is 8.11 hours, higher than the industry average of 0.41 hours. In 2019, the number of single-air flights was 4.44 times higher than the three major flights.
“two lows” refers to low sales costs and low administrative costs Low sales costs: companies use direct e-commerce as their main distribution channel to attract large numbers of passengers to book tickets on their own websites, on the one hand, through the sale of various types of promotional activities, such as special-priced airline tickets, and, on the other hand, through the active promotion of mobile Internet sales
In 2022, the share of direct e-commerce sales (including the ota flagship shop) in the company’s sales channels, other than chartered aircraft, reached 97.6 per cent, while the corresponding sales cost was only 2.15 per cent and further reduced to 1.26 per cent in the three quarters of 2023.
Low management costs: The company effectively reduces management by maximizing the use of the resources and services of third-party service providers at the airports.
Human and day-to-day costs for personnel. Corporate management costs were 2.25 per cent in 2022, further reduced by the first three quarters of 2023, and 3.2 fleet sizes were expanding and business continued to grow.
A small airline with a fleet of more than 100 aircraft did not stop growing during the three years of the epidemic. By the end of December 2023, a total of 121 air passenger a320 series aircraft were operated, of which 78 were a320ceo aircraft, 34 a320neo aircraft, 9 a321neo aircraft, and 73 out of 121 aircraft were purchased and leased.
Figure 11: The number of aviation fleets in spring and fall, coupled with the size of the fleet, has kept the overall business up. In 2019, the company ' s passenger capacity was 43.71 billion kilometres, the passenger turnover was 39.690 billion kilometres, and in 2023, the company ' s passenger capacity was more than 2019.
In 2019, the number of passengers transported by companies reached 2,2393 million, or 339 per cent of the total number of passengers transported by civil aviation.
The number of international and regional routes transporting passengers was 2,166.3 million, 2,090.0 million, and 38.0 million respectively. In 2023, the civil aviation market was gradually restored to normality, with the rate rising further to 3.89 per cent in 2019 compared to the rate in spring and autumn.
More than 3.3 Sea markets are basic, and the multi-base co-development companies operate mainly at the two airports of Shanghai Pudong and Shanghai Rainbow Bridge. Shanghai is our economic centre, the radiated East China region, and one of our major windows connecting to the world, flying to major cities in Asia within 2-5 hours.
In Shanghai, two routes of departure or destination accounted for approximately 46.7 per cent of the company’s total take-off and landings, and the number of transport passengers accounted for about 8.5 per cent of the traffic in Shanghai.
On the market side, we have an analysis of the internal market schedule, the winter spring season of 2019, the spring and autumn flight, the scheduled number of flights for the national airline week was 1990, of which the above-mentioned two flights in Hai Yongpur were 495, accounting for 19.8 per cent of the Department ' s domestic market flight volume, and the summer and spring season of 2023, the company ' s weekly course was planned due to the expansion of the company ' s fleet.
The company’s domestic shipping lines are currently in two locations in Shanghai, Lanzhou, Shijia Estate, Ningbo, Shenzhen, Shenyang, and 70.5% of the top 20 locations, mainly the first-line cities and provincial capitals, and vice-provincial cities, compared to the same period in 2019, with the increase in transport in Lanzhou, Shanghai, Dalian, Ningbo, Nanchang and Chengdu.
At airports such as airports, the main areas of incremental transport are also first-line cities, provincial capitals and sub-provincial cities. Figure 18: Distribution of flights originating from the spring and spring 23 season of Air Spring Air 19: Winter 23 vs 19 in the domestic market
According to the split route, the most intensive course of the company ' s planned classes in the domestic market during the winter and spring season of 2023 was Shanghai Rainbow Bridge-Shen, Shanghai Rainbow Bridge-Huangzhou, Shanghai Rainbow Bridge-Cong Kong Chengdu Province, Shanghai Rainbow Bridge-Zaomen, Shanghai Pu Dongqing-King, Lanzhou-Kash, and the top 20 major routes, which accounted for 23.1 per cent of the company ' s domestic lines.
Figure 20: Number of scheduled shifts in the first twenty-first week of the winter, spring and autumn air routes: Japan and Thailand are the main markets for the recovery of the remaining days.
The main routes are Shanghai Pudong-Thai Phuket, Bangkok, Jeju, Japan Bensapporo, Osaka, Japan, etc., and Japan and Thailand account for the volume of international and regional flights of the company ' s international and regional lines during the 2019 winter and spring season.
Figure 22: Number of flights planned for the main international and regional routes
Shanghai Po-dong-Japan Shanghai Po-dong-Ching Mai, Thailand Shanghai Po-dong-Kan
Shanghai Pudong-Japan Shanghai Podong-China Ningbo-Jeju, Korea
Shanghai Po-dong-Kingbang, Bangkok, Thailand
In 2023, our international line of civil aviation was gradually restored, but the recovery of the Japanese-Korean-Thai route was three-fold, influenced by events, the resumption of pressure on Japanese-Thai flights and the resumption of passenger traffic to and from Japan, South Korea and Thailand in December 2023, respectively, to 46.6 per cent, 71.0 per cent and 51.1 per cent of the same period in 2019, which was slightly slower than the industry average, but still had the potential to repair.
Figure 23: Monthly recovery rate of the civil aviation Japan-Thai market in 2023 v 2019
The company is based in Shanghai, and its capacity is mainly in the headlines, and it is basically sound, attracting passengers by providing cheaper tickets than all-service airlines, while the extreme cost controls further open up room for competition in the company’s prices. Historically, the prices per unit of the company are about 30% lower than the three major shipping lines, of which 0.3620 were earned in 2019.
In 2022, owing to the impact of external shocks on the civil aviation market, international and port routes were expensive, with a 40% lower passenger-kilometre income compared to the average of the three. Given the higher rate of company passenger arrivals, in 2019, the return on the seat-kilometre was 0.3285 dollars, 20.7 per cent lower than the average of the three flights.
In addition, the civil aviation industry is of interest to the country’s citizens, so that airlines operate on new routes, often with subsidies, which are reflected in the airline’s financial statements as other benefits of a certain scale. We compare the revenues of Spring and Fall with those of the three subsidized seats, which were 0.3617 dollars in 2019, compared to an average of 16.4 per cent for each of the three fleets.
Figure 27: kilometre revenue from the Spring and Fall Air Chairs 3.5 Extreme Cost Control, effective reduction of unit costs Cost end, corporate “two”, “two tall”, “two low” business model and extreme cost Controls that allow companies to operate in unit camps
Industry costs have a significant advantage over traditional full-service airlines. Considering that the year 2020-2022 caused significant deviations from normal values in the number of air traffics operated by the divisions, we have chosen to compare the operating costs of the air unit ask with the averages of the three flights by the spring and fall of 2019.
With regard to the cost of oil, which is a result of the availability of single-air seats and the control of the cost of oil, in 2019, a company unit ask made a total of $0.0953, which is 24.9 per cent lower than the average value of the three flights; and with regard to the cost of landing and landing by airlines, which consists mainly of the cost of landing and landing costs.
Costs associated with the number of passengers at the airport, security checks, etc., partially offset the advantages of the company's single-air seating capacity, so that the unit landing and landing costs were close to the average of the three flights, at $0.0555 in 2019, or 98.2 per cent of the average of the three flights.
Figure 30: Depreciation and rental costs of aviation units in spring and fall compared to the three major flights, due to streamlined fleets and high fleet utilization efficiency, corporate annual depreciation and lease cost as a whole
In terms of employee remuneration, the rate is lower, but the rate is significantly higher than that of the employees of the unit, at a cost of $0.0568 in 2019 for the employees of the company unit ask, which is 16.3 per cent lower than the average value of the three flights.
In terms of maintenance costs, the unit maintenance costs of the company ' s single fleet and single engine were significantly reduced, with the unit maintenance costs of the company ask in 2019 amounting to $0.0139, 29.7 per cent lower than the average of the three flights, and the other costs of the unit ask in 2019 amount to $0.0324, which is 38.5 per cent lower than the average of the three flights.
From the above analysis, it can be seen that spring and fall aviation, due to single aircraft, single space and high turnover efficiency, has a greater advantage than the cost of depreciation, maintenance and meals for the three fleets, but the cost of landing and landing is directly linked to turnover and passenger traffic, and the company personnel have a greater advantage than the cost of the three flights.
Wage levels are higher. Combined, the company’s operating costs per unit ask in 2019 were 24.0 per cent lower than those of the three major shipping lines, which are largely consistent with the difference in the cost of per unit (23.9 per cent) representing the difference in seat density, which exceeds the difference in the per unit ask passenger revenue (20.7 per cent) and the difference in the unit ask’s subsidized passenger income (16.4 per cent). As a result, low fare competition is evident.
The strategy and seat density advantages have somewhat increased the gross profit margin of the company. 3.6 Lower costs have further enhanced the profitability advantage, thanks to a high share of direct sales and strict cost control, and company sales and management costs are significantly lower than traditional full-service aviation.
Companies. In 2019, corporate units sold and managed at a cost of $0.00060 and $0.0042, respectively, far below the average of the three flights, with relative savings of 74.2 per cent and 69.7 per cent respectively.
In terms of R & D costs, corporate R & D inputs are significantly higher than those of the other three flights. In 2019, corporate R & D costs amounted to $0.0029 per year, corporate financial costs amounted to 0.75 per cent per year, and the financial costs of deductions amounted to 0.59 per cent, which is far lower than the overall performance of the company during the epidemic.
Despite fluctuations, there were no broken bones, and interest payments remained relatively low, but the company’s financial costs increased in 2021-2022, taking into account the increased financial costs of chartered aircraft in 2021. In 2019, the company’s ask financial costs amounted to US$0.0020, or only 11 per cent of the three major flights.
The profit advantage of the low-cost genes of Spring and Fall Aviation is further reflected in its fine regulation of cost levels. The direct annual cost level is 7.34 ptt below the average of the three shipping lines, further increasing its profit margin advantage by catching up from low-cost fares to profitability advantage, with total corporate ask profits in 2019 being zero,03563 higher than the average of the three shipping lines.
3.7 Top profitability, with a profit margin advantage of 2023 expected to expand further, with corporate operating income of 14.8 billion yuan in 2019 and a net profit of 1.84 billion yuan to the mother, depending on the income profitability indicator. Cumulative losses of 3.59 billion yuan from 2020 to 2022 due to industry-wide resilience affected, and profits recovered rapidly in the first three quarters of 2023.
$2.25 billion, ranked first among the a-listed airlines, leading the company ' s profitability industry with a net profit on sales of 12.42 per cent in 2019, higher than Marble Air 6.38 pct, and a better understanding of the low liability burden, further reducing the level of financial costs, adding up to a slower-than-expected recovery of the international route in 2023, and the company ' s no-broadness.
The aircraft operated with a more flexible route, with a net profit on corporate sales of 18.98 per cent in the first three quarters of 2023, higher than the luckier 11.80 pt, far higher than the three shipping averages of 18.84 pt, with a further increase in profitability.4 The civil aviation market is recovering and the climate is expected to continue to rise.
Civil aviation is a cyclical industry with a certain consumption attributes. The market share of Spring and Fall Air in 2023 was 3.89%, and non-industry leaders, whose profitability is significantly higher than the industry average, are still unable to move away from the industry’s own cyclical changes, so an analysis of the supply and demand of civil aviation remains necessary.
We believe that our civil aviation supply grew at a limited pace in 2024, and that demand, especially international routes, is expected to recover further, market formation is expected to improve, and industry fundamentals are expected to continue to improve. Over the longer term, the growth in civil aviation supply has long been constrained, supply growth is expected to remain low, and demand growth is expected to boost civil aviation supply and demand relations and raise industrial profitability.
4.12024 The civil aviation fleet grew or remained slow, and we counted 130 passenger aircraft introduced in civil aviation in 2023, accounting for 3.3 per cent of the size of the civil aviation fleet in late 2022. According to the listing of companies, the total number of aircraft withdrawn from the fleet in 2023 amounted to 64, so we measured an increase in the fleet during the year.
We recall that the plans for and actual completion of the next three years for the introduction of the air fleet mentioned in the annual report of Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
The introduction plans for the successive years were not completed and the civil aviation market gradually stabilized in 2023, but the plans for the introduction and withdrawal of the three fleets are still far from being completed, with 23, 36 and 22 aircraft, respectively, in the course of the year, representing 82 per cent, 44 per cent and 61 per cent of the planned value at the beginning of the year.
According to the Department of Air Affairs' latest updated plan for the 2024 air fleet, the current rate of growth in the air fleet for 2024 is still high, given the fact that there was a significant or still small loss on the air in 2023, the asset liability rate is still high and the domestic market supply is still high until the international route is fully restored, and the divisions are unlikely to be too aggressive to increase their transport reserves. In addition, Boeing and air passengers are currently on the rise.
The impact of the problems of production capacity and supply chain stability, while difficult to quantify, is likely to slow down the rate of fleet expansion in 2024, which we believe to be similar to 2023, when the fleet was actually imported in 2024 or clearly below its current planned value. The increase in our civil aviation fleet in 2011-2018 was sustained at around 10% for a long time, but with the force majeure effects of the epidemic.
To a lesser extent, only 18 new Boeing passenger orders were issued in 2019-2023 by the Department of Internal Navigation, and only 120 currently outstanding Boeing passenger aircraft. For air passengers, 358 aircraft were not delivered by the Department of Air Navigation. The current number of Boeing air passenger fleets not delivered by our Department of Air Operations is 11.9% of the size of the fleet, even though new orders are now in place, considering the current status of Boeing aircrews.
The size of the stock orders, the high profitability of the major global aviation divisions following the epidemic, the need for a renewed fleet, and the likely delay in future fleet delivery, suggest that our fleet of civil aviation passengers will increase or remain low over the next few years. 4.3 International routes will be further restored to decomposition and market structures are expected to improve.
The recovery of international routes in 2023 was slower than anticipated at the beginning of the year, with the average number of passenger flights by civil aviation on a seven-day rolling basis as at 31 January 2024 being 1,797, returning to 66.1 per cent of the same period in 2019. International routes, especially intercontinental routes, were often operated by broad-body aircraft, while the recovery of international routes was not as likely to result in a significant backlog of wide-body capacity in the domestic market.
Thirty percent of the wide-body machines were diverted from the international market to the domestic level in the same period in 2019, causing obvious supply pressures and, to some extent, the height of the summer. The July 2023 meeting of the Political Bureau proposed an increase in international flights; and the end of November 2023, the Director of Civil Aviation and the United States Ambassador to China.
Meetings were held to exchange views on the promotion of a further substantial increase in flights between China and the United States; on 24 November 2023, my country announced a unilateral policy of exemption for persons holding ordinary passports in six countries: France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and Malaysia; and on 7 December 2023, the Singapore Prime Minister ' s Office issued a communication stating that Singapore had plans to implement a 30-day visa-free agreement with China: 2023
On 8 December, our embassies and consulates abroad lowered their visa fees in China: on 2 January 2024, Thailand announced a “free visa” for our citizens: on 25 January 2024, we announced a visa-free exchange with Singapore. Intensive policies continued to stimulate the departure of nationals and foreigners from China, and it was expected that in 2024, international shipping lines or more active re-entry routes would stimulate demand and eliminate the flow of broad-body aircraft.
The high demand for civil aviation tourism in 2023, but the relatively weak public business demand, was reflected in a significant variation in demand during the low season, in July, when domestic air traffic was once higher than 13.1 per cent in the same period in 2019, but after the national holiday, the internal passenger flow reached the low season in November, which remained at the same level as in 2019, with far higher domestic air fare prices than in the same period in 2019, but the national holiday ended.
According to the 2023 Central Economic Work Conference, the current level of decision-making recognizes the concerns about insufficient effective demand and weak social expectations, but also raises concerns about investing in expanding domestic demand, stimulating potential consumption, and fostering new consumption growth points for recreational tourism.
We believe that, as the stimulus policy comes into effect, the balance sheet that the residents suffered during the epidemic continues to be repaired, consumption capacity is expected to continue to increase, driving the need for civil aviation.
We believe that, with sustained economic growth, our civil aviation market still has significant scope for development. 4.5 Overseas shipping prices and performance are still high.
The market's concern about tourist sources stems mainly from the fact that the future is sustainable after a long backlog of demand has been released during the epidemic, while the major shipping divisions of the United States, Japan and India have continued to recover and grow in the second year after the outbreak's liberalization, with prices similarly high, with some of them achieving historical excellence.
4.6 Given the structural improvement in supply and the recovery in demand, which led to a further increase in transport prices, the country ' s economy is stable, the incomes of the population are rising, and the need for a sustained increase in civil aviation needs will be further boosted by the repair of the family balance sheet.In the light of the movement of passengers in the second year after the liberalization of the overseas epidemic, we believe that the trend towards a significant release of demand during the 2023 season can be sustained.
At the same time, supply growth is expected to remain low, industry patterns and market concentration have not changed much, and the policy of super-price reform continues to work, and the aviation policies are expected to sustain. We expect civil aviation demand to grow further faster than supply in 2024, with a further reduction in passenger occupancy compared to the same period in 2019, with further improvements in shipping prices.
4.7 Oil prices remain stable and the profitability of airlines is expected to continue to rise. Oil prices and exchange rates are two factors in analysing the volatility of airline performance. With regard to oil prices, international oil prices remain low, despite OPEC’s persistent offer to cut production, and the current Brent crude oil prices are around $80 per barrel, with little change in comparison.
In 2023, the exchange rate was first raised and then devalued, and the US dollar is now near 7.1. The Central Economic Conference suggested that it might not be possible to maintain the basic stability of the RMB exchange rate at a reasonable level of balance and to depreciate significantly on the basis of 7.1, so we believe that the impact or weakening of the exchange rate of oil prices on the profitability of aviation shares in 2024 would be driven by supply and demand and improved market structures.
In the light of the analysis above, we believe that the upward trend in shipping prices is expected to be maintained in 2024, with a further reduction in the passenger rate compared to 2019, with better industries and better corporate prices.
There is still significant room for optimization of the 5-cost market structure, with a broad outlook for low-cost aviation, 5.1 fleet efficiency gains expected to recover further, with a sharp recovery in aviation performance in spring and autumn 2023 and a steady improvement in performance in the 1-3 quarter, compared to the current daily utilization of the corporate fleet
Even during the summer season, the number of single-day flights in August 2023 was 4.06, which is significantly lower than the number of single-day flights in April 2021.
We believe that, as civil aviation needs continue to recover and the security capabilities of the super-aggregated company pilots are gradually restored, the daily utilization rate of the company ' s aircraft is expected to increase further by 2024, with a flat fixed cost.
The recovery of international routes was slower than expected in 2023, with the company's traditional dominant market — Japan's market recovery overall weaker than industry — but, as the company did not stop expansion in 2020-2023 and as the pre-epidemiological 30% of the company's capacity went to the international market, the pressure on the company's domestic supply increased significantly, with the summer carrier's domestic shipping capacity rising in 2023 compared to 2019.
60.4% of the company's core base, Pudong and Rainbow Bridge Airports, is limited in volume at times, and the market is inundated. As mentioned above, the company's increased capacity during the winter and spring seasons of 2023, compared to the same period of 2019, is mainly in Lanzhou, Dalian, Ningbo, Nanchang and Chengdu, and market cultivation is still taking time, or to some extent affects the quality of the gains.
The year 2024 is expected to see a steady recovery in the international market for civil aviation, in which firms are either moving at a higher or higher rate than expected, such as in international markets, which does not exclude the possibility of a reduction in the domestic market leading to an increase in the international route, in order to optimize the domestic market pattern.
Figure 64: Percentage of domestic air traffic recovery in spring and fall compared to 19 years 5.3 U.S. Southwest air travel cycles, highlighting low-cost aviation stability. U.S. Southwest is the most successful low-cost airline in U.S. history, from operating data over the past 40 years.
See, apart from the year 2020, when the flood of force majeure flows fell dramatically, the company made a profit across several industry cycles in all of the remaining years. Southwest America’s profit-making trend is equally unlikely to be completely out of the business cycle, but it benefits from good cost regulation, and even after the fleet has grown to a significant size, it still has a clear advantage over the US average of the three major shipping fleets.
In 2019, for example, the major U.S. aviation divisions were in profit zones and were operating in a smooth overall manner, and in 2019 U.S. southwest aviation received $22 billion, about half the size of the U.S. ' s three largest fleets, but its profitability is significantly higher than that of the U.S. 's three. Here we simply analyse the ratio between U.S. Southwest aviation 's unit performance indicators and the U.S. 's three.
In 2019, Southwest Air Unit revenue was asm (useable miles) at $0.143, 11.4 per cent lower than the average of the three United States voyages, and the cost per unit of oil was US$0.028 lower than the average of the three United States voyages at 6.6 per cent lower, but Southwest Air Unit salaries were higher at 24.2 per cent higher than the average of the three United States voyages, while other costs saved 39.9 per cent compared to the United States three major operating costs.
Air travel was 14.2% lower, and the net profit per unit asm was 30.7% higher than the average of the three major United States flights. Thanks to the continued leading profitability advantage, U.S. Southwest aviation continued to grow, and the income gap between the U.S. ' s three traditional fleets continued to narrow.
The above, and the company ' s overall losses are manageable for the period 2020-2022, leading in 2023 to profitability, a lighter financial burden and a further widening of the profit level gap with other divisions, also provide a more solid basis for future sustainability.6 Profit forecasting and valuation analysis
6.1 Business data assumptions and profit projections Cost side: With respect to the cost of oil, our projections are based on international oil prices of $80 per barrel, and other costs, with further efficiency gains in the use of the corporate fleet, the costs associated with the company are expected to be amortized, but as international airline traffic resumes.
Cost side: Associated cost rates are expected to decrease further as the company fleet is more efficient. Other benefits: total company subsidy revenues are expected to increase, but unit subsidies may not return to the same level in 2019. Combined with the above assumptions, we believe that spring and fall aviation is profitable, as shown in the table below, the net return profit for aviation is expected to be 22.7 for spring and autumn 2023-2025, respectively.
Billion dollars, $3.08 billion, $3.70 billion. At the beginning of the listing, there was a clear new equity premium on the company’s valuation, but over time the company’s valuation has stabilized, taking into account the overall disruption in the aviation unit valuation system for 2020-2022, and we used the pre-2019 aviation unit valuation level as a reference.
By 2019, the level of the pe valuation was higher than that of the three major flights, roughly 20 times higher than that of the dynamic pe. By 31 January 2024, the total market value of spring and autumn aviation was 51.2 billion, and the pe valuation, corresponding to the expected performance in 2024, was 16.6 x, which remained significantly below the historical average, and there was still scope for upturning.
Spring and Fall Air is the country’s excellent low-cost airline, leading the profit-making industry, with a rapid recovery in 2023 from the optimization of outbreak control, with profits rising in the first three quarters over the same period. We believe that the increase in the supply of civil aviation in 2024-2025 was rather limited, with the recovery in demand, and we believe that the industry is expected to increase further. We expect the revenue from air operations in the spring and autumn 2023-2025.
Autumn aviation has a total market value of $51.2 billion, with a pe valuation of the expected performance in 2024, which is still significantly below the historical average and leaves room for upward restoration. Taking into account America’s comparative advantage in maintaining profitability after growing size, we continue to look at the future development potential of spring and autumn aviation and maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating.
The macroeconomic recovery is less than expected: the civil aviation climate is more correlated with macroeconomic performance, and the demand for civil aviation is likely to grow less than expected if the economic recovery is not. Oil prices are rising sharply: the cost of shipping oil is the airline’s biggest current cost, and, if international oil prices rise significantly, the airline’s public aviation needs are higher.
The division’s cost end may be under considerable pressure to discourage performance. The exchange rate depreciation: the price of aviation kerosene, the financial costs of airlines, have some relevance to the exchange rate, and the devaluation of the renminbi against the US dollar could have a negative impact on the rise in the price of aviation oil and loss of exchange.
Security incidents: the safety of civil aviation operations is paramount, and in the event of a security incident there may be a more obvious negative impact on market demand. The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek to be independent, objective and equitable. The findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.