Upgrades, four dimensions of in-depth interpretation of current investment value: industry-level climates are growing and cyclical properties are weakening.
Investment is not expected to be pessimistic, higher labour costs are driving the rate of mechanization, the power of the engineering and machinery industry is weakened by strong cycle attributes, the industry continues to grow, and the industry is expected to sustain positive growth over the next three years: while competition patterns are more optimal and rational in this round of recovery, the boom is expected to accelerate.
• dimension II: short- and medium-term benefits to the domestic market, with a sustained increase in the share of taps: (1) excavator machines: the need for the renewal of old excavators continues, the replacement effect of excavators on loaders increases, and, given the lack of pessimistic investment in property infrastructure, we expect an increase in the domestic excavator market between 2020 and 2022
The concrete pump industry increased its sales rate by 31.7 per cent to 18.7 per cent to 4.2 per cent, and the blender industry increased by 31.7 per cent to continue the recovery in 2020 of the company ' s Māori rate for concrete machinery. (3) The crane machinery: the crane industry was active under the infrastructure and wind power project in 2020.
• Three dimensions: long-term global market space at the operational level, with a significant increase in the share of overseas workers growing by 15 per cent in 2019, the share of excavators abroad is only about 3 per cent, which does not match the quality of the company’s products with the location of the product.
Global competitiveness of value for money, access to services, and capital expansion. We expect a long-term upward trend in the share of the overseas share as companies invest more resources globally, and the annual compound growth of overseas income is expected to reach its dimension four: at the financial level, companies perform with high elasticity, and profit release is expected to continue to outpace expectations.
With scale effects, corporate performance is flexible. Corporate fixed costs have fluctuated from 7 to 19% over the last decade. As firms expand, fixed costs will continue to be spread over more business units.
Performance - 31.9 per cent remained optimistic throughout the year, with profit projections and investment ratings: we continued to maintain the point of view since the beginning of 2019, with a firm view to continuing to watch the two-ticks of the Dragons 2020-04-29.
High-end equipment enterprises that are the most globally competitive in China: high-end product structure optimization + scale effects + export growth will continue to bring elasticity to performance, global competitiveness will gradually bring valuation premiums, annual report: performance is as expected, and the value of exports will continue to grow.
Take a look at the opportunity for company Davis to double-click. We're looking at a net profit split for the company from 2020 to 2022.
The recovery of the last round of industry is in the context of the financial crisis, where the “4 trillion” policy has stimulated the emergence of a “4 trillion” industry cycle of identity, which has led to an earlier overdrafting of industry demand over the next few years, leading to a pre-diplomatic cut-off in the first half of 2012-2016.
The country’s engineering and machinery industry is expected to grow positively in three years. Products sold at high points in the industry have already reached a peak in life replacement.
Under environmental policy, non-road machinery requires a country-to-country-to-country shift of four standards on 1 December 2020, heavy-duty diesel vehicles have been in force since July 2021.
Real estate infrastructure investment is not expected to be pessimistic. Real estate development investment/capital investment/mining investment grew at a better rate in 2019 and mining resumed at a better rate than downstream investment throughout the year. We expect capital investment to grow at a faster rate in 2020.
In the case of small digs, downstream demand mainly covers the three main areas of mining, infrastructure, real estate. In contrast to other types of machines, small excavators are able to excavate and load material.
In addition, other operational tools could be replaced to deal with special conditions, such as: the installation of swing drilling rigs for drilling holes, the installation of hooks for lifting cranes, the installation of floor sweepers for ground cleaning, etc. As the level of urbanization rises, the costs increase, the engineering and mechanical applications expand, the demands of the machine generation become more visible, and the mechanization rate rises.
Figure 3: Different applications, engineering machines with robotic properties, fruit tree planting, digging pipes.
Urban greening Land renovation Road renovation
1.2. Trio: The share of the taps is expanding, and the profitable release is expected to continue to exceed expectations. The trio was established in 1994 and placed on the market in 2003. The company is the leader of the domestic engineering machinery, 2019.
The company ' s products include concrete machinery, excavating machinery, crane machinery, scaffolding machinery, road construction machinery, building assembly prefabricated structures, as the engineering machinery industry serves real estate and infrastructure construction.
Both upstream and downstream industries have a high degree of relevance to the macroeconomic situation, and the company’s historical performance has been characterized by a cyclical pattern. In 2003-2019, the three-pronged industrial collection of cagr was 25.2 per cent and the return net profit cagr was 24.8 per cent.
In 2020, q1 achieved revenues of $17.3 billion, or 19 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $2.2 billion, or 32 per cent. Diggers, concrete machines and cranes were the three main camps operations of the Triads, with a combined income of 86 per cent.
The importance of excavator sales in corporate business income has increased from year to year since the excavator business and assets. Since 2009, the share of excavator business in revenue has increased from 18% to 37%, and since 2017, it has surpassed the original main compound, the tri-carriers are leading companies in a number of product markets, such as excavators, concrete machines, and cranes, and the city has been in a state-of-the-art business.
In terms of diversity of layout, brand quality, standardized manufacturing, value for product, etc., as well as the multi-dimensional nature of client-channel advantages, after-sale service systems, it is difficult for other engineering and machinery firms in the country to compete with the comprehensiveness of the work done in the engineering and machinery industry.
Corporate performance fully benefits from the boom in industry. We believe that as industry recovers, there will be a sustained concentration of industrial markets, and the release of corporate performance is expected to continue beyond expectations.
Since April, major engineering and machinery manufacturers in the country have issued price increases that reflect both a further improvement in the current industry demand structure and a more rational competition between manufacturers today, with the possibility of a price war in the industry under a dual role significantly reduced and the pattern of competition optimized. As the engineering and machinery landscape continues, we expect to be in the year 2020.
With the effect of improved supply and demand in the industry and corporate size, the overall Māori rate throughout the year is one of the main reasons why we believe that corporate profitability release is expected to continue to be higher than expected as the industry climate becomes more certain. The main reasons for this are the following:
The Division’s strategic space for globalization is vast, with its current low share of overseas markets and firm shares tend to rise over the long term, and overseas revenues are expected to remain at a 30-per-cent compound growth rate as the volume of overseas resources invested continues to grow.The leverage effects, with a flat-cost spread of scale expansion, are expected to continue to exceed expectations; and (2) under a digital strategy,
Corporate costs and efficiency marginal improvements are large, with long-term cost-side downwards. 2. Dimension two: short- and medium-term benefits to domestic markets high, leading share up 2.1. Digging machines: downstream demand continues and the share of medium- and high-end products rises.
The share of excavators is still rising, business income is expected to grow at a consistently higher rate than the industry as a whole, and the company ' s revenue from digging machines is expected to grow by 15% by 2020. The share of high-end products in the company has risen significantly, with the price of excavators moving down over the long term.
The replacement effect of domestic excavators on loaders is increasing significantly through total sales of historical excavators and data on the structure of small, medium and large-scale excavators. The sales of Japanese excavators and loaders rose from 5.1 in 1990 to 17.5 in 2019, and the sales of Chinese excavators and loaders rose from 0.3 in 1999 to 2019.
1.9 In the future, domestic loaders have a wide range of alternative needs for excavators. Excavators and loaders are one of the indicators of the maturity of the engineering machine market. From the product itself, loaders can only excavate material above or below the surface, which is relatively homogeneous: excavators can dig, load, etc. for materials above or below the surface.
At the same time, after assembly of the various attachments, the ability to perform various operations, such as demolition, shredding, levelling, precision lifting, etc., makes the excavator market even wider. The loader market is higher than the excavator before 2017 because of the relatively low technical threshold and low total price of the loader.
IL, the ratio of domestic excavators to loaders will continue to rise. 10,000, calculated on the basis of average useful life of 8-10 years (upgrade rate 33.3 per cent each), 10 years average sales of excavators to loaders 1.2, will require a total of 199,000 excavators in 2020, excluding our old digs in 2020
In 2020-2022, investments in property are not expected to be pessimistic. The main applications of the excavators are real estate development, infrastructure construction, mining and farm water, and some of the additional needs are related to real estate investment, capital investment, and investment in mining.
Larger. From the monthly sales of domestic diggers, the share of small- and medium-scale dig sales is more than 85%. Because of the large number of small- and medium-scale digs used for real estate development projects, the volume of excavator sales is highly correlated with real estate investments, especially in the area of new home construction.
The impact of the trade war, with economic downside pressures, accelerated policy easing, and continued higher-than-expected investments in real estate infrastructure. In 2011-09, the composite growth in excavator exports was 24.7%, while the combined increase in company excavator exports was 29.1% higher than in industry and the share of exports increased steadily over the same period.
2.6% rose to 9.3% in 2019, and the share of exports rose by an average of 1 pct per year over the decade. The company’s collusive sales of excavators increased more rapidly than in the industry and more steadily.
According to the new demand, the increase in labour costs has driven the rate of mechanization, future capital investment in real estate has not increased at a pessimistic rate, the rate of annual export growth has slowed for excavators, but the rate of future demand for excavator exports will gradually continue to rise at a higher rate than the average for the industry, based on data on single-month sales of domestic excavators, and the market share will remain stable for the long term.
In recent years, the level of Māori for company excavators has been stable, although in the second half of 2019 there was a certain price reduction in the domestic excavator market (especially for small digs) and in 2019 there was a decline in the Māori rate for individual manufacturers, but the Māori rate for three excavators has not decreased significantly, indicating the competitiveness of the company ' s products and its share of the upper and middle ends.
The market for excavators in developed regions, such as North America, has remained essentially between 60 and 70%, while the share of industry in the first sector has remained at around 30%. After a low-yielding period in the domestic excavator market, cr3 grew from 31% in 2013 to 52% in 2019, although there is still room for a rise in developed countries, such as North America.
Upgraded to an average of about 2 points per year, the company’s share in the domestic excavator market in 2019 stood at 26%. The concentration of the domestic excavator market is still rising, with the company’s share in the domestic excavator market at over 30%, and it is expected that more than 5 pct will remain. The company’s monthly sales of excavators reached 10,000 in January-May 2020.
Thus, the share of production under the top capacity has not increased significantly the same year, and the share of companies has remained on the rise until the year after. Domestic excavator sales have tended to be small-scale and large-scale. The share of single-month sales from small-scale domestic digs (below 20t) and large-scale digs (over 30t) continued to rise in 2009-09. In 2009, the share of domestic small-digger sales was about 40% left.
To the right, the share of large dig sales is about 12 per cent, up to 59 per cent by 2019, about 60 per cent in mature markets (<6 tons) and about 20 per cent in microdigging, where the demand for artificial replacement remains high.
Thirty-one tons of excavators have been recognized by the market, particularly with a marked increase in the share of the market for small- and large-scale digs. The share of the market for small-scale digs increased from 24.7 per cent in 2018 to 26.2 per cent in 2019, while the share of the market for small-scale digs was resumed from 19.9 per cent in 2018.
In 2019, the company's dredging rate was at a high level, with agents continuing to be led in 2020 to adjust to the structure of the medium- and high-end product markets from relatively low interest rates, and the company's expected rate of dredging to remain stable in 2020.
Figure 25: Māori rate of company excavators is expected to remain stable in 2020 Figure 24: A significant increase in the cumulative municipal share of large digs (over 30t)
2.2. Concrete machinery: upgrading peaks to open up sales during the season and introducing a national production chassis plus structural improvement-driven wool company, the first brand of concrete machinery, which is expected to generate more revenue than industry; while the cost of concrete machinery is expected to remain in 2020, with the introduction of a pump vehicle with an optimized national production chassis plus marketing structure and an enhanced mix vehicle efficiency plus scale effect
After a full cycle, concrete machinery competition patterns, customer structures, and competition.
The strategy is more mature, and post-cycle cranes and concrete machines are expected to continue to grow rapidly against the backdrop of slower excavators. Pumps are now selling at an all-time high in March and April of this year.
It is expected that concrete pumps and blenders will open their peaks in 2020-2022. In 2008-2013, 49,000 industrial pumps were sold, while in 2017-2019, the cumulative volume of pumps was less than 19,000, with a replacement rate of less than 30 per cent. In line with the pump replacement cycle of 9-11 years, the mixer life replacement cycle of 9-10 years, combined with mandatory implementation in July 2021.
The policy acceleration effect of the country’s six standards is expected to open a peak in 2020-2022 for concrete machinery, of which about 45,000 are pumped. About 60% of this is for concrete, and about 10.36 billion cubic metres of concrete can be mixed in by 2020.
70% of the soil is pumped, and the pump capacity is estimated to be 7.25 billion cubic metres. Based on the average ten-year life of the domestic pump, about 3 million tons of design pump capacity, an average pump capacity of 300,000 tons per year is calculated, so we calculate that we have about 1481 new pumps in 2020. An average mixer station requires one pump.
5 mixers, or a total of about 50095 new requirements in 2020. According to the above logic, assuming that export growth was equal to the impact of the overseas epidemic in 2020, the combined rate of sales increased by 30% in 2021-2022, we projected a 32/19%/ 4% increase in domestic sales in 2020-2022 in the concrete pump industry and a higher increase in sales in the blending industry.
The company is the first brand of concrete machinery and is expected to generate more revenue than the industry. According to the global concrete machine and machinery market, the trio and the Central Quakers now account for more than 50% of the global concrete machinery; and the domestic concrete machinery market, where the two companies also account for the vast majority of the domestic market share, and the city.
In 2019, the market for concrete machinery in the country was about 29% in the trio, 22% in the Central Quakers, and 51% in the two municipalities combined. In 2019, there was a marked increase in the Māori rate of concrete machinery in the company, where pumps were the result of the introduction of a national production chassis plus structural change.
The main reasons for the increase were: (1) pumped: a national production chassis, which is lower than the import chassis; and 2 pumped car sales, which have undergone structural changes: lower sales of short-arm pumps and higher sales of long-arm pumps.
(ii) Merger cars. (2) Merger cars: the upgrading of the blender a+ scheme, the promotion of a few star cars, which has contributed to the reduction in costs, and large-scale production of supplies: the driving force of the regulatory car (the national six standards were enforced in July 2021). We expect the overall cost of corporate concrete machinery to continue to fall in 2020, and the impact of the scale effects of the upscaling start continues to work.
In 2019, the company achieved a combined business income of $23.2 billion for concrete machinery, an increase of 36.8 per cent over the previous round of land operations, which totalled only $52 billion, less than 60 per cent of the peak sales of the previous round, followed by an increase in concrete machinery operations.
2.2. Heavy machinery: capital and wind pull downstream highs, company share continues to expand rapidly, heavy machinery upgrades and replacements continue at a sustained peak since 2020, the industrial landscape is rising with the capital and wind power project, and we expect the main types of car cranes in the crane industry to be sold at a rate of increase in 2020-2022.
The start-up and replacement cycles of cranes lag behind the excavators and are post-engineering cycle products. The replacement rates are assumed to be 50/50 per cent for the 9-10 year renewal cycle, taking into account that environmental policies drive companies to upgrade less than 10,000 units until a new cycle of crane replacement peaks starts in 2027.
In 2020, the capital and wind power projects pulled down the highs. The crane applications, which included equipment hangers, trans-regional and trans-high-level handling of raw materials, were more relevant to capital investments. The policy signals for a stable Tokiki economy since this year became clear, and downstream demand increased with subsequent capital policies.
As a post-cycle product, high demand for heavy machinery is expected to grow with a high degree of certainty and a high rate of increase in sales.
Maintains a growth rate of more than 8%, and the storm surge in 2020 supported the upswing; in terms of export demand, the share of the company’s domestic cranes is growing at a high rate, and business growth is expected to continue at a consistently higher rate than industry. Both the car crane and the concrete pump market are highly concentrated markets. The domestic crane market has a “triple-foot” oligopoly monopoly.
Market characteristics, market concentration, are increasing. The combined market share of Xu, China Federation, and Trinity was 85% in 2009 and 93% in 2019, with Xu, China Federation, and Trinity accounting for 40%, 28%, and 25% respectively of the domestic car crane market.
Combined income growth reached 17.7 per cent, combined sales in the industry grew by 4.6 per cent over the same period, company crane operations grew at a sharp rate, crane operations were growing at a sustained rate of revenue and market share, and, by bit, the sales structure of the crane industry evolved in two directions, with small below 30t and large over 60t tons.
The share of cranes has increased more than 60 t for the three-carriers, with the share of cranes increasing the second highest, and the share of cranes up to 30 t has remained stable in recent years. For small ton cranes, large ton cranes require higher levels of technology, higher Māori rates, better competitive patterns, and higher company tonnages.
The growth of the crane market has been rapid, the profitability and quality of the business has been high, and the growth of the crane plate has been sustained. Trinity has begun late, but business growth has been rapid, with revenue from the crane and compound growth rate of 17.7 per cent since 2009-09, and corporate crane business income in 2019 was 13.38 billion yuan, an increase of 49.6 per cent.
The engine is a post-cycle product relative to the excavator, and is expected to pick up the excavator at a high rate of growth. Capital investment and wind and wind projects have benefited, and the market for the engine has been rising steadily since the beginning of the year, with a greater share of the company crane market and a more definite increase in operations, with company crane revenues expected to rise by more than 10% in 2020.
Three dimensions: long-term global market space at the operational level. The offshore share has risen to a late but very fast start in the domestic engineering and machinery industry. According to the UK ' s khl group, the global engineering machine was ranked 50 percent, and the company ' s turnover at the end of 2019 was ranked among the global engineering and machinery manufactures.
In 2019, three-time workers had a record high of operating income, net profits and market value, but there was still much room for growth in the net profits and market value of companies for the global industry leader, Caterpillar. In 2019, the asset liability rate was 49.7 per cent, significantly lower than the Caterpillar rate of 81.4 per cent, and financial leverage was wide-ranging.
Caterpillar: An excellent network of global distributors, M&As for product and market expansion Caterpillar: a global company based in the United States.
Shortly after Caterpillar merged to create Bulldozers in 1925, the company established overseas agents in Australia, East Africa, and the Netherlands. In 1963, Carter made 43% of total sales revenue, and then remained relatively stable for many years, with 46% of the combined sales revenue coming from overseas operations as of 1983.
The share of revenue has stabilized at more than 50%, with more than 70% of the combined sales revenue coming from markets outside the United States for the first time in 2011. As competitive pressures in overseas markets have increased, the share of corporate income outside the United States has declined in recent years, but it remains high, with 58% of corporate sales as of 2019 in Caterpillar.
An effective global network of agents is one of Caterpillar’s most important global competitive advantages. Caterpillar has one of the most effective agency mechanisms in the world, with little direct sales to end-users, and sells all of its products through company agents (compared to 165 in 2019, according to the Caterpillar newspaper).
In addition, the Caterpillar agent provides spare parts, after-sales services, equipment rentals, and financial services to the client. After the company sells the equipment, the equipment needs to be repaired and replaced, and both business needs continue to bring business opportunities to the company and agents. During the 2008-2009 recession, as part of Carter’s equipment sales fell by 62%,
For enterprises based on the international market, non-direct sales models can reduce the risk adjustment costs of the customer base and effectively reduce the company’s exposure to the risk adjustment costs.
After 2000, Carter Pellell’s managers began to think that the company’s market position and product mix were too narrow and sought to make it more productive.
Product series, reducing the sensitivity of corporate sales and net profits to the business cycle, taking advantage of potential economies of scale and scope, and sharing the firm’s fixed costs. In 2000-2012, Carter expanded product lines by means of acquisitions, and set up a series of manufacturing plants in markets outside the United States.
For example, in 2011 Carter’s acquisition of Becellos became a global leader in mining equipment.
It has been possible to share fixed costs in more output units, thus achieving cost-sharing. In addition, the introduction of efficiency-enhancing measures, including product quality and performance enhancement, stronger relationships with agents, the development of first-class information technology, planning for the low-end period and the advancement of digital service networks, have contributed significantly to companies ' long-term performance.
The overall market value of Caterpillar grew steadily in 1987-2019, from $6.29 billion in 1987 to 2019, when Tepel's excellent performance generated a strong return for investors, with a 23.5 per cent annual compound return on Caterpillar's share price in 1980-2019, with a cumulative increase of over 54 times.
3.2. Pine Group: Multipolar local production management, adhering to product quality, Pine Group: 70% of sales are from overseas revenues. As a global Japanese enterprise, Pine is more dependent on overseas revenues. In 2005-2019, Pine ' s share of overseas income continued to rise, rising from 52% in 2005.
By 2019, about 77%, the margin was significantly higher than about 50% in Caterpillar. Since 2010, Pine’s global focus has shifted, and China’s market’s contribution to Pine’s income has declined from 17% in 2010 to 6% in 2019; the United States market’s contribution to Pine’s income has increased from 22% in 2010.
The multipolar production system, with a global localization strategy, began exporting its products overseas in 1956, but as of 1970 it was exported from Japan without operating a factory abroad.
In Indonesia, the United States, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, where factories are established to produce real local production rather than assemble, exchange rate fluctuations are high, globalization strategies are promising, and corporate revenue sustainability continues to grow. In 1995, Matsunaga began to build plants in China in the form of direct investment, the largest international engineering and machinery manufacturer in China, with a return of revenue.
To promote the localization of the management model and to adhere to the product quality requirements. To promote the integration of globalization in the management process, the following two elements are included: in business, to promote the localization of the country of entry; and in the manufacture of products, to bring Japan into the country of entry.
In China’s management, for example, Xiaosong uses the agency’s full power to deliver to China’s distributors to operate in the form of a general agent, each of whom is responsible for a larger geographical area. In product manufacturing, Xiaosong adheres to the basic business philosophy of product quality and brand trust, and any country’s Xiaosong employees.
At 23,335 million yen a year, the market value of the period grew by 11.1% annually, and the market rate of Pine fell rapidly from 2002 to 2019. Matsunaga’s excellent performance brought a huge return to investors, and Pine’s stock price was compounded annually from 1980 to 2019.
The rate of return was 14.3 per cent, with a cumulative increase of more than 11 times. 3.3. Three major jobs: overseas markets are the most important growth poles in the future, with long-term growth prospects for international competitiveness.
In recent years, emerging markets have become increasingly important in global markets. North America/Western Europe/Japan/China/India in 2018 sold 33.999 billion/14.65 billion/49.8 billion in engineering machinery, respectively.
According to the United Nations, the world’s population is expected to reach 8.5 billion by 2030, close to 10 billion by 2050. According to macro-economic developments, population growth will lead to the growth of infrastructure, construction, mining, and power systems, with market demand for engineering and machinery products remaining strong over the next 30 years, and the engineering and machinery industry still showing global growth.
The developing countries, particularly the Asian markets, are expected to lead the growth of the world economy, and the global manufacturers of engineering and machinery will build up a three-brand competitiveness in terms of value for products, services resources, and market incentives, with a global market share that is a barrier. Throughout the industry, Trinity has performance and service advantages compared to Korean brands, national brands, and other brands; and Carter's.
At the management-operation level, Trio-Trill also uses the simple + Focus performance test as the only criterion for performance appraisal, thereby encouraging distributors and sales people to promote improved global service network layouts based on the Carter Dealer model. Triple-Territories have direct marketing models and sales models.
At the end of 2019, there were 67 service outlets for company excavators. At home, there were six major industrial bases in Beijing, Changsha, Shanghai. At overseas, there were four major R & D and manufacturing bases in India and the United States.
In 2019, firms increased their responsiveness and service capacity in overseas markets; the agent system, the large customer system, the service components system, etc., was further developed; market access capacity was enhanced; and the offshore market position was significantly enhanced.
Companies have the strength to restructure international M&As and are expected to move ahead with high-quality organizational and industrial chain M&As in order to accelerate changes in global engineering and machinery patterns. In 2019, the assets and liabilities ratio of Trinity/CCP/Cat/Samatsu, respectively, slipped, with limited growth in corporate overseas sales. In recent years, domestic markets have grown rapidly, but annual compound growth rates in overseas markets have remained high.
Higher, and future growth in overseas markets will be strong. Companies are internationally competitive and are continuing to expand their “sale-plus-finance” channels and to boost their market share along the “one-way” route and in developed countries, with notable results: Trinity is already on track in emerging market markets such as India and Indonesia; and Euro-American markets have grown by more than 50% in the last year.
In 2019, the company’s share of overseas revenues was only 15%, and the foreign market space was vast. In the light of the development experience of the international engineering and machinery giant, globalization was one of the success factors in becoming an international leader, with the share of overseas revenues rising.
The firm’s share of overseas income as a domestic capital leader was only 15% in 2019, which is significantly lower than 50% in Caterpillar, United States, and 70% in Matsuma, Japan. Corporate income abroad is expected to remain at a 30% compound growth rate.
As services resources increase, there is much room for long-term growth of the company’s share abroad. Countries along which 80% of the company’s overseas demand is now concentrated “all the way” – cities and towns in emerging countries such as India and Indonesia – have a total income of $280 billion (about 75% of Caterpillar’s business income in 2019), with the share of overseas income rising to about 75%.
Good performance has generated strong returns for investors, with a compound annual return on stock prices for triple-time workers reaching a dimension of four: financial dimensions, high elasticity of performance, long-term downs in cost; fixed costs are a performance lever; and scale effects are increasing.
Fixed-cost performance thresholds and company performance releases are flexible. The fixed-cost share of engineering and machinery enterprises is relatively high, and the net profit rate tends to fluctuate at a higher rate than the income rate. For example, Caterpillar’s business income fell by 37 per cent in 2008-2009 and by 74 per cent per share. Fixed-type costs are not disclosed separately in the financial statements.
The fixed cost of a company is measured in terms of depreciation and amortization, salary remuneration, hasty transport costs and interest expenditures. Four costs have stabilized at around $5 billion over the last decade, but the fixed cost ratio has continued to grow in size as the scale of operating income changes between 7 and 19 per cent, with a strong leader.
With 24 billion yuan or more in size, positive profits can be achieved, and the level of the parent net profit rate fluctuates with the size of the income. As corporate income expands, so does the effect of scale.
Performance leverage, the persistence of strong trends in the engineering and machinery industry, and the prospect of the release of the flagship profits are expected to continue to exceed expectations. 4.2. Digitalization strategies are beginning to work, with long-term downswing costs.
In the list of pilot projects on smart manufacturing in 2015, published by the Ministry of Technology and Communications, Trinity became a selected enterprise in the engineering and machinery industry. The cost of research and development per year was as high as 5-7% of annual sales earnings, and research and development centres were set up at overseas bases in Germany, the United States, etc.
High-end research and development efforts to upgrade STI capabilities. 31 billion yuan in 2011 and over 50,000 employees, while in 2019 the company earned 75.7 billion yuan, the number of employees was reduced to 18,000, resulting in a significant increase in overall efficiency.
In 2019, the per capita target was better than domestic and foreign investment, and there is still scope for future efficiency gains. Since 2015, efficiency has been improving continuously, and per capita output levels have been rising. In 2015-2019, per capita income generation for three-time jobs rose from RMB 1.45 million to RMB 4.1 million, with a compound annual growth rate of 29.7 per cent over the same period; per capita income gains have increased from RMB 0.9 million over the same period.
660,000 yuan, with an annual compound growth rate of 189.9 per cent, had exceeded the average per capita output of trio workers by 2019, as well as domestic and foreign capital leaders such as Caterpillar, China Federation, Willows, etc. The cost side has long been down and the tariff structure has continued to optimize.
The downside of the administrative and financial rates and the rise in the R & D rates (see figure 72) indicate that the company ' s confidence in future developments and the continued optimization of the tariff structure are expected to sustain efficiency gains.
Overall, digital intelligence in Trinity is still in its infancy, and it is expected to see greater progress in cost, efficiency, productivity, productivity enhancement, and marketing services in the future. The cost is lower in terms of marginal cost of Trinity products, which is one of the reasons for the high Māori ratio in companies, which is likely to remain low at the end of the future, and the Māori ratio is expected to remain high.
In terms of product performance, product indicators will be collected in real time, product performance will be improved in greater space, and product competitiveness is expected to increase further. In terms of productivity upgrading, digital intelligence has shown significant benefits in terms of productivity improvements, such as the doubling of crane production over a year after companies implement digitization reforms.
Wordization data collection through marketing, analysis of big data such as start-up hours, downstream distributors, product value versus after-sale service, fine downstream demand management, market forecasting, etc., also tends to be more scientific. (1) Digging machines: the need for renewal of old excavators continues, the replacement effect of excavators on loaders rises and downstream real estate bases rises
The share of the company ' s dredgers is still rising, particularly the share of medium- and high-end products, and the rate of growth in business income is expected to continue) (3) Start-up machines: the peak in replacement of heavy machinery has continued since 2020, the share of the industry driven by the capital and wind projects has continued to expand, business growth has been higher than the industry as a whole, and we expect the company to start in 2020.
Over 10% of business revenue. In recent years, corporate cranes have been below the previous cycle, and supply and demand structures have improved and become more operational. We continue to maintain the view since the beginning of 2019 that high-end equipment, China’s most globally competitive, is strongly valued: top-end product structure optimization + scale effects + export growth will continue to bring elasticity to performance.
It's a price premium, and we're looking at the opportunity for the company Davis to double-click. For example, we think that Kong Kong Dinglieps is a prediction by Dong Wu, and that Bloomberg is a prediction by Caterpillar and Xiaosum) is a downside risk. The engineering and machinery industry is more relevant to macroeconomics, with capital estate investments, policies, and policies.
Increased competition in the industry has led to a fall in profit margins. The recovery has been going on for three years, and if there is a price war or a reduction in the downside of demand, it will be profitable and asset-quality output.
Global trade disputes have intensified. International trade protectionism has increased, China and the United States trade negotiations remain uncertain, and the global political economy, the black swan event, has had a negative impact on the globalization of domestic engineering and mechanics.