In the context of renewed demand and new infrastructure, sustained attention to the lead in engineering and machinery (3,00031.sh) • New infrastructure is on the ground, stock renewal needs are strong, corporate profitability continues to grow, and for the first time, coverage is provided
cyclically influenced by the engineering and machinery industry, which benefited from the multiple needs of downstream infrastructure/real estate/mining and equipment upgrading after industrial restructuring in 2011-2015, the engineering and machinery industry began warming in 2016, and the company ' s annual dynamicpe valuation was lower than the average valuation level of comparable listed companies, taking into account the company ' s role as a champion of engineering machinery
Enterprise, market share continues to rise, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
Since then, cranes/ excavators have been opened, and in 2019 companies dug machines/concrete machines/ cranes set up overseas R & D production bases in India/United States of America/Germany and Brazil, and 10 marketing regions covering Africa, Asia-Pacific, Russia, the Middle East and Latin America, with a steady increase in overseas harvests.
• The three main players are active and their future performance is expected to remain steady. Engineering machines are dominated by excavators/ cranes/concrete machines, and industry climates are driven by capital/real estate/mining investments. The company's excavator market is close to 26%, with a small/medium/large excavator segment in the market.
The company’s concrete machinery has remained at the top of the world’s brand, and its market position has continued to be consolidated and robust. The company’s revenue from the sale of heavy machinery has risen considerably since 2019, and its market position has risen significantly, with tracked cranes remaining in the forefront of the industry.
With a strong demand, the company’s future performance income is expected to grow steadily.1 Thirty years of deep-farming engineering machinery, with the industry’s flagship, 3 1-heavy, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “3 1-heavy”) as the leading company in the country’s engineering machinery.
Thirty years of deep-dry engineering. Formerly Welding Materials Plant, Hunan Province, Shugen City, 1989.