The world’s largest concrete machine, the country’s most powerful excavator, the leading company in global engineering equipment, and the country’s absolute leader: the leading company in global engineering equipment. The company’s products include, inter alia, concrete machinery, excavator machinery, start-up.
Heavy machinery, tarp machinery and roadside machinery, including pumped vehicles, towing pumps, excavators, mounted weight wilson, zou@firstshanghai, com, hk machine, dredging rigs, road-surface sets, etc., have become China ' s first brand.
The market for machines, concrete transport pumps, concrete transport pumps and full hydraulic presses is the highest in the country and the world's highest pump output.
Downstream demand remains high, and the industry will continue: in the 21st century, with the rapid growth of China’s richard.zhang@firstshanghai.com.hk economy, the engineering industry has reached its peak.
The year 2010 was the eleventh five-year plan, and in 2008 the country launched a $4 trillion investment plan, with a rapid expansion of industrial capacity in the engineering industry, with a five-year repeater, for example, and a slow start, so that the engineering industry started to slide, and the volume of excavators was paid every year.
Rewinding from negative to positive, capital investment continued to grow at a high rate, and the industry re-emerged in 600031.sh, with 16 years of excavator sales increasing by 24.8 per cent, 17 years of growth by 99.5 per cent, and a few more.
The world's number one in concrete machinery, and the country's top in digging machinery: the company is the world's largest producer of concrete machinery, the most powerful provider of concrete packages in the industry, with a 41% share of the global market for pumps and a steady rise in the market in recent years.
The second place, Carterpile, will continue to run the market at about 14 points, and the domestic market will continue for nine years. The demand will continue to be strong, and the company’s market share is expected to increase.
In comparable valuation methods, a engineering engineering company generally valued 10-13 times, other countries valued about 12 times the value of their dragons, while the excavator leader, the US, Carter Pellell, valued between 13 and 14 times the value. Considering the position of the company’s absolute dragons,
In the future, the growth and certainty of the city will increase steadily, and the status of the dragon will become more stable.
Source: Bloomberg, the world's largest concrete machine, the country's most powerful excavation machine, 3 1-heavy industrial company, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) was founded in 1994 by a Trinity group.
The 3rd heavy laborer is the global engineering machine, which continues to develop rapidly. The company is the leading company in global engineering equipment, including concrete, and digging.
Machines, excavators, cranes, rigs, road-building machines, building assembly prefabricated structures, machinery, concrete transport pumps, concrete transport pumps and full hydraulic road
Central pumps, towing pumps, excavators, cranes, dredging drills, road-surface sets, etc. have become the leading product in the country, with the first brand in China, diggers, concrete delivery pumps, concrete delivery pumps and full hydraulic presses.
On July 3, 2003, the company placed its share in Shanghaia and then placed it in Shanghai.
On June 10, 2005, the company became the first successful and fully mobile owner of the stock-sharing reform, and was placed in the Chinese capital register. In July 2011, the company entered the world with a market value of US$ 21,584 million, which was more than 500 per cent. In the same year, the company's excavator market, which was 12.3 per cent, was the first country to have a brand that went beyond foreign capital, declaring the country.
In 2012, the company bought the first global brand of concrete machinery in Germany, Pots Meister, changing the pattern of competition in the industry. In 2015, a new 621-metre building was re-stamped with super-high concrete pumps to send the world record. In 2018, the company was awarded the best prize in 2018 for the wealth of Chinese companies and 500 in China.
In 2019, the company was the second largest producer in China in 2019, winning the top prize of the Treasury. In keeping with its mission of “quality changing the world,” the company focused on research and development, and on building world-class products.
As of 2019, the company had applied for 9151 patents, 7298 grants, and the number of applicants and grants to be among the first in the country’s industry.
Through self-recruiting, the company ' s concrete pump has been refilling the world record of long-arm pumps three times, and the company ' s high-pressure concrete pumps have created world single pump vertical pumps to deliver the world ' s new heights. At the same time, the world ' s first full-water flattener, the world ' s first third-grade concrete pump, the world ' s first bubble-free blue slurry truck, and Asia ' s premiere.
A 1,000-ton full-road crane, the world's largest 3,600-ton mounted crane, China's first hybrid dig, a8-small master of the first-placed global transport package, etc., continues to push “China made” to the world through the first-class quality of products, and the company's design is extensive to build global priorities, including Dubai Tower, Beijing.
The construction of major projects such as Olympics, London Olympics, the Brazilian World Cup, Shanghai Center, the Hong Kong Global Finance Center, Tianjin, and the Great Silver Finance Building 117. Currently, the company’s 6s centres are spread across the country’s major central and central cities, with nearly 200 sales outlets worldwide.
In recent years, companies have been investing in research and development and manufacturing bases in India, the United States, Germany, and Brazil.
Data source: Company Data, First Shanghai Research Department, 3 1 1st heavy worker holding a stockholding of 29.98%, 3 1st group actually controlling the human beam.
He held 3.39 per cent of the stock of the 3rd and 1rd jobs and 56.74 per cent of the stock of the 3rd and 1st groups, so the share of the 3rd and 1st jobs held through the 3rd and 1st groups was 17.01 per cent, the total share was 20.40 per cent, and the data source: company data, Shanghai 1st.
Table 4: Corporate income and the same rate of increase (millions of dollars)
Data source: Company data, first Shanghai Research Department sorting out engineering and mechanical plates describing the company's products, including concrete machinery (pumpers, mixers, blending stations, etc.), excavating machinery (large digs, medium digs, etc.)
(a) Light digs, etc.), cranes (full road cranes, car cranes and van cranes, etc.), rigs (barriers, flat-grounds and diamond rigs, etc.) and road vehicles (barriers, etc.).
Downstream demand will remain high, industry will continue to be high, and we're late in the start of the engineering machine, in the 21st century to explore the bottom-up phase, into the 21st century, and with the 21st century, we're in the engineering industry.
China’s economy has grown at a high rate, and the engineering industry has reached its peak. The excavator is a “light watch” and a “wind sign” for the engineering industry’s rapid development.
Construction of roads, railways, bridges, urban buildings, airports and water, mining facilities, general applications, one of the most important engineering machinery in the construction of the project, and construction of the project.
The industry is highly representative. The eleventh five-year plan from 2006 to 2010, the country launched a $4 trillion investment plan in 2008, and our foundation benefited from the eleventh five-year plan.
Construction investment has expanded from the central to the local provinces, municipalities and municipalities to a large number of projects, roads, rapid access to productive capacity, railways, petrochemicals, mining and urban and rural infrastructure.
The expansion period, where excavators, for example, have a combined annual growth rate of about five years of sales of about 20 percent per year, is the first option for engineering, as can be seen from the fact that the annual rate of capital growth has remained essentially above 20 percent during this period.
In the case of the engineering industry, the rapid expansion of capacity, for example in the case of excavators, is about 30% of the five-year annual compound increase in demand, which is clearly higher than in the case of real estate growth, and in the case of the infrastructure industry, which is about 50%.
Between 2011 and 2015, downstream infrastructure and real estate growth began to slow down, especially as the rate of land growth slowed down, and there was even a negative increase in the number of new constructions, which led to a landslide in the engineering industry.
And the pace of real estate growth has begun to slow down, and the volume of diamond sales has been declining year by year and has fallen to a low point in 15 years, with sales falling by 37.7 per cent on the same scale, and a five-year annual increase in sales has also begun to fall, and industries have also started to fall.
Fifteen years later, the new start of real estate began to rebound from negative to positive, while capital investment continued to grow at a high rate, operating at a low level, selling at the same volume, 16 years later.
Once again, 16 years of excavator sales grew by 24.8%, 17 years by 99.5%, and rebounded, capital investment almost doubled. The industry is still at the top of the week, with sales increasing by 45% in 18 years and by 19 years.
Keep it high, the industry is back in time, and the farm market needs 15.9%. Unlike the last wave of engineering machinery, this is a wave of real estate and infrastructure pull.
As the farm market continues to rise, the demand has risen to 30 per cent, capital needs are about 40 per cent, and real estate needs are about 30 per cent.
Table 7: Property investment completion and growth rate of new construction (%) Data source: National Statistics Bureau, Shanghai Research Department No. 1 Data source: National Statistics Bureau, Shanghai Research Department No. 1
Table 9: Sales and acceleration of industrial excavators (in %)
Source: The Chinese Engineering and Mechanical Industry Association, Shanghai Research Department, organized an analysis of the climate, found that in recent years the engineering industry has been more rational than it was before, first of all, with a higher percentage of down payment for equipment. During the last engineering and engineering week, the company was the employer.
The cost is more rational, and the industry is now moving from the previous blind seizure of market space to a one-sided pursuit of market ownership, taking a very aggressive marketing approach, lowering down the down payment, prolonging the repayment period, paying up to 10%, even having zero down payment, leading to over-exploitation of future demand, and digging.
The shift in demand that is now taking place is a year-on-year decline in the volume of diggers, which fell to the bottom of the grain in 2015. Now, the sales of excavators are back on their feet, starting at the same time, and the number of hours of work is back from the bottom, bringing about real demand from the time of the blind occupation of the market space to the present.
The second is that the excavator's device model is polarized, and the smaller digs have continued to rise. By ton scale, the excavator's device model is two extremes, which can be divided into small digs (0-20t), medium digs (20-30t) and large digs (over 30t). Large digs are mainly for energy.
Small digs continue to rise, and digs tend to focus on land and infrastructure needs, while small digs are used for village water and municipal projects. The proportion of small digs is rising in terms of the volume of diggers in different ton locations, mainly because of the rural villages.
Markets have risen rapidly, and the demand for water from downstream rural villages and municipal projects has become more stale; the increase in sales in the centre has slowed down, and the owners have been affected by investment in real estate and higher rates of new construction. The proportion of large digs has also increased, benefiting mainly from the return of the coal-mining industry.
Finally, there was an increase in the country's product rate, which was only 19 per cent in 2006, and the domestic market, which was largely financed by foreign capital, and the country's brands, which had been slashed, with the quality and services of the country's brands, which had increased in competition, and the country's assets.
Annually, the rate rose from 19% in 2006 to 62% in 1919, bringing a huge leap forward. Japan, Europe, and Korea had 11%, 16%, and 10%. The country’s rate of nationalization has risen rapidly enough to prove that the brand of engineering machinery has become highly competitive, and that foreign products have fallen in the middle of the race.
The card has taken the lead, and it is expected that the rate of nationalization will increase further in the future.
Chart 12: Excavator National Product Rate, we believe that the engineering engine is still at a high level, and that the future is still going to be high, and that the demand will be from past incremental market leaders to the current stock and incremental market years. The excavator will start working in 15 years.
According to Matsunaga Network, the opening hours for excavators in the current month of November 19 were 1.8 per cent higher than during the same period, and the demand was warming further. The increase in the rate of start-up was sustained in the light of the increase in sales, which is enough to explain that downstream demand remains high and that future demand growth is driven mainly by the following factors.
The first is to update the stock market demand from the replacement. The 2007 to 2011 peaks in the stock market, where the annual stock market is being replaced by an annual stock market of more than 30%, and the engineering machinery usually spends less than 10 years in service, so the theory is that
The demand, from 2017 to 2021, will be the climax of the last 2017 to 2021. The industry, while maintaining a high climate for recent years, is the climax of the replacement.
The upgrade will accelerate the process of upgrading the design of the replacement needs architecture, which will account for about 50% of the demand, while the incremental market will account for about 50%. In the meantime, the upgrade in recent years has also played an important catalytic role in the upgrading of the equipment, the restoration of the engineering industry after 16 years, and environmental protection policy has played an important role in the conservation of the environment on 1 April 16th.
Since then, the provinces have launched a policy to restrict high-emissions from being licensed and operational. The country’s fourth standard will be implemented on December 1, 2020.
As a result, the country’s four-standard and more stringent emission requirements will accelerate the upgrading of engineering equipment. Real estate and infrastructure will lead to an incremental market, followed by an incremental market demand, and the pace of real estate and capital growth has slowed in the last two years, but it has shown a level playing field.
The capital needs will continue to grow and, from 19 years of data, infrastructure investments (free of electricity, heat, gas and water production and supply) will grow by 3.8 per cent, down 0.2 percentage points in January-November. This will be 3.8 per cent in the same period last year, and will be the main source of demand for equipment.
At the same level. As can be seen, the capital investment boom stabilized after falling to a low point at the end of the 18th century, followed by a steady upward trend, and remained stable at 4-5% for 19 years. The housing stock showed a low trend in post-secondary education in the 19th year, with a new build-up related to higher demand, and a new build-up of houses throughout the year.
On 30 July 19 the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China first proposed that “property should not be used as a short-term stimulus to the economy”, and on 4 September the Permanent Council of the State proposed to step up efforts to achieve a “six-stable” approach that would explicitly accelerate the use of local-specific debt, expand and make clear that specific debt can be used as a major foundation for capital financing the project.
On November 27, the Ministry of Finance released a message stating that, in order to speed up the use of local government bonds, the First Shanghai Securities Company Ltd., with effective investment support to expand the internal requirements, had reached a partial additional debt limit of 2020.
In February 2020, a further $290 billion was added to the debt line. On two occasions, the debt limit has been calculated to reach $129 billion. On May 6, the State Council set a further $1 trillion in advance. The total value of the three pre-developing instalments was $229 billion.
More than the last year, around $2.15 trillion. Of this amount, specific debt is invested in areas that focus on transport infrastructure, energy projects, bio-environment projects, human services, municipalities, and infrastructure applications. Recent policies have proven that infrastructure will be an important source of demand.
Domestic demand is the most effective means to boost the economy, and capital investment will continue to be a major focus of the year. Looking ahead, we anticipate that the growth in real estate investment will slow down throughout the year, and that, with the continuation of the policy in the last few weeks, capital investment in infrastructure is expected to be significantly higher than last year, with new construction growing at less than 10%, and capital investment at 10%.
The bottom engineering infrastructure needs. Finally, there is export demand from a range of investment projects, and the financial base of countries along the line is weak, and there is an export from a range of investment projects.
After inadequate investment in infrastructure and less infrastructure, our country’s strategy has brought a lot of demand to these countries along the way, along the lines of the country’s fundamentals, such as railways, roads, and ports. After 16 years, our country has constantly increased its exports to all the countries along the country.
In the wake of the downside of the construction, our country's excavators have accumulated over the year 2019 and, according to the latest data from the China Engineering Industry Association, our export sales to excavators in 19 increased by about 40 percent on a year-on-year basis.
The same-year increase of 39.4%, while export sales accounted for 11.5% of total sales, or 2% more in 18 years. It can be seen that the exit of excavators has continued to grow rapidly in recent years, with the export of excavators increasing by 32% in 17 years and the export of excavators increasing by 18 years.
97.5% of exports have been growing at a constant high rate, so we think that future engineering equipment will remain on the overseas market, as we say, and we think that future engineering equipment will continue to be a time of stock market and incremental market, demand will continue to be strong, and business will continue with the upgrading, infrastructure farm and export demand.
Source: Environmental Protection Department, Shanghai Research Department No. 1 Data source: Matsunaga Network, Shanghai Research Department No. 1
Figure 15: Excavator exports (stages) and speed of increase (%) Chart 16: Export of gold and speed (millions of United States dollars) across the country Source: China Engineering and Mechanical Industry Association, Shanghai Research Department
The first concrete machine in the world, the first in the country to dig, is the largest excavator in the country.
The company is the country’s largest producer of excavators, with 25.9% of the country’s current city and 9.9% of the country’s domestic market, and 9 years of co-processing champions. The main products include mini-diggers, small digs, mid-diggers, digs, wheels, and mounted co-dealing champions.
In 2019, the company generated 27,624 million yuan, a 43.5% increase, representing 37.4% of the total revenue, and the company’s leader’s position was unshakeable. In less than 10 years, the company successfully dropped its first excavator in 2002.
1577 cards, which were the first to sell in the country in 2010. In less than 10 years, in 2010, the company became the first to sell in the country.
The largest number of brands in the country, the largest in 2011, the largest in the country, the largest in 2011 and the largest in the country, with 12.3 per cent of the company ' s diggers, the country ' s first country to sell more than foreign brands, and the maturity of the country ' s diggers.
New capabilities, company excavators have become world-class and competitive. Although 2012-2015 peaked in 2011 with a significant 67.9% increase in company excavators’ revenues over the same period, sales have reached low levels, but the company excavators have been at high levels in recent years, but the low levels of manufacturing and capital and real estate production from 2012 to 2015 have reached high levels.
Rates are still relatively stable, and it sounds like the diggers' revenues are starting to fall, and the Māori rates are falling. But as you can see, the Māori ratio of the company is still relatively stable, and in the face of a major decline in business, you can see the company's competition for the machine's products.
According to the China Engineering Industry Association, the company sold about 47,000 excavators in 2018, compared to 57 per cent in 19 years, and updated its annual record of excavator sales, with the company's share in the domestic market continuing from 20.9 per cent in 17 years.
The sales volume of 61,000 was 29% higher than the previous year, market shares rose further to 23.1% in 18 years, supermarkets 2 and 3 combined, sales for the eighth consecutive year of steady business “uplifted to 25.8%, continuing to run the market chair.” Only in January-August, domestic sales outpaced sales in 2017, and the status of the business dragons was apparent.
The most recent data from the First Shanghai Certificates Ltd. show that the total number of excavators in the 3rd and 1st jobs in 19 years was 61,000, 29% more than in 19 years, the market share rose further to 25.9% and continued to run the market, with nine consecutive years of combined sales champions in the domestic market.
At the same time, in recent years, the country's capital investment has reached a high level, with the export of State-owned excavators gaining visibility. In 2018, the export of three or one of the excavators was over 6,000, doubling from 17 years, accounting for more than 30% of total exports, a new high in 19 companies, and 8118 excavators, 27% more than the same year, accounting for total exports.
30.5%. U.S.A.'s export champion. By brand, the share of state companies rose from 53% in 17 years to 55.3% in 2018.
In 19 years, the country's extractive industries have continued to grow after last year's strong trend, and the country has expanded its leadership. As of 2019, the market for national excavators has steadily increased, and as of 2019, the market for national excavators has risen.
The rate rises to 62.2%, compared to 16% for the Euro-American brand market, and the share for the Japanese and Korean markets has fallen further to 11% and 10%, down 1.5%, 3.7% and 1.5% from 2018.
This year, affected by the epidemic, businesses are facing certain challenges, downstream start-ups are blocked, short-term demand is more constrained, with 68,630 excavators sold across the country in January-March, a decline of 8.2% compared to the previous month, with the onset of the epidemic slowing down.
Downstream demand rebounded, and according to the latest data of the Association, in April there was a significant 59.9 per cent increase in sales of 45426 excavators across the country, with 64.5 per cent more sales than in March, and 11.24 per cent more than in March. In January-April, the combined sales of 114056 excavators across the country, representing a 10.5 per cent increase, were wiped out.
The fall in January-March is evidence of a strong downstream demand. Looking ahead, given the fact that there is not yet a fully controlled epidemic abroad, our economy will grow more dependent on domestic demand, so the excavator industry will be the biggest beneficiary. In the meantime, imported parts will continue to be in a tight supply situation, and the production of small businesses will become more difficult.
It's hard, but it's an excellent opportunity to expand the market share of the country's leading industry, which is expected to make a difference, and the concentration of the industry is expected to increase further.
Figure 19: Corporate Excavator Revenue Ratio Figure 20: Corporate Excavator Sales Source: Corporate Data, First Shanghai Research Department
Chart 21: The company's market for excavators, concrete machinery, concrete machinery that uses machines to replace artificially carve cement, river sand, gravel, water to a certain degree of collaboration.
The company’s products include pumps, towing pumps, vehicle pumps, vehicle pumps, fabric poles, blending stations, sand pumps, pumps, pumps, sand mills and blenders.
The company is the world's largest manufacturer of concrete machinery, 20 top producers of multi-year-bit global engineering machinery, and the world's largest manufacturer of concrete machinery.
The largest long-arming, bulk-loaded pump-carrying enterprise, the world's third-carat industry, is now in China's concrete machine and is in absolute advantage for the most powerful concrete-arms production field in the industry, with products ranging from 22 series to more than 110 varieties, and a mix of set-up providers, the world's most concrete pumping field, enjoying the reputation of China's Pump King; four-type trailers and five-type pumps have been recognized.
(b) At the height of the last week, Māori was 42 per cent higher than at the height of the first round, but with the fall of demand.
Prior to 2017, the concrete machine industry was in a back-up phase in 2011-2013, then entered a steady phase, and the engineering machine industry re-entered into the highest-paid branch of the company in 2016.
During the weather period, the rate of Maori for concrete machinery began to rebound and move along the road. In the last two years, the performance of concrete machinery has continued to grow, and the company will continue to be a corporate priority in the future.
In 19 years, the company realized sales revenue of $23.2 billion for concrete machinery, 36.8 per cent higher than in 19 years, 31.4 per cent higher than in concrete machinery, and the second-highest branch of the company. Prior to 2017, concrete machinery was the company's highest income.
The branch, so the importance of the company is obvious, and the future is still the firm’s main business. In 2012, the largest competition, Presmeister, was bought.
In 2012, the world’s largest rival, Presmist, became the chief engineer in China. The largest overseas buyer of firearms, Trinity, successfully took the position of the world’s head of concrete machinery.
The price of concrete machinery products is 7% cheaper than overseas brands, so the increase in the market share in recent years has been remarkable.
The cranes are multi-action cranes that lift vertically within a certain range and waterly move heavy loads. Corporate cranes include car cranes, all-ground cranes, mounted cranes, off-road cranes, special cranes, tower cranes, mounted cranes and cut-fork high-altitude vehicles.
It's more complete, and it's China's first brand. It's more than 50% of the domestic market with a crane, and it's China's first brand. It's 30% of the domestic market with a crane.
Over 50%, the car cranes accounted for 70% of the heavy-duty market. In 19 years, the company’s cranes generated 13,379 million yuan, a 49.6% increase, and the market’s position was significantly higher, accounting for 18.9% of the company’s third highest-income branch.
The company's dredging rigs are the country's first-carrying company, which consists mainly of drilling rigs, electric hydraulic presses, and serial walls.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd., May 2020, 36.87% increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis.
The company's revenue from the sale of machinery in 19 was $4,810 million, an increase of 2.5 per cent over the same period and 6.5 per cent over the same period.
Figure 33: Share of income from machinery and machinery in the construction industry Source: Corporate Data, First Shanghai Research Department, has a huge potential for income growth and far ahead of profitability
In the field of engineering machinery, the leading competitors abroad of the Triad workers are Caterpillar of the United States, Matsunaga of Japan, and the Koreans, and the national competitors are mainly Xu Engineers, Willows, and Middle Union Heavy Industries. Caterpillar is the world’s most powerful nuclear power industry, with the world’s largest engineering apparatus and mining equipment.
One of the world’s largest diesel manufacturers, one of the manufacturers of gas engines, gas engines and industrial gas turbines, was sold in 2019 in the order of 371.7 billion yuan, while the number of excavators in January-November 2019 was 12.3%, the third highest in the country. Caterpillar has a long history of business in China.
The first products were sold in China and opened a branch in Beijing in 1978. In 1994, the first Carter-Pyler landed in Xuzhou at a factory in China. Currently, 9 Cat-Pyler has 20 branches in China, including manufacturing plants, research centres and parts distribution centres, as well as 4 agents and 400 local suppliers selling in China.
The company is one of the largest engineering and mining companies in the world, founded in 1921, and has so far been 90 years old, selling about 1,651 million yuan in 2018. The company has been in the interior of the country since 10 years.
The first 16% of the former business contracted to 3.7% in January-November 2019, and the market share is on the decline. The main products of Matsuma are engineering equipment such as excavators, bulldozers, loaders, self-dismantling trucks, large pressure machines, cutters, etc., logistics equipment such as forklifts, tbm, underground engineering equipment such as shields, and electrical equipment.
The Korea Fighter (d00san) is a Korean diggers brand, founded in 1896, and now has 109 million excavators. In 2019, sales amounted to about RMB 1099 billion, and in 2000 they were ranked first in a row in China for the year eight, and in January-November 2019, the city occupied about 7% of the country’s highest number of excavators.
Another engineering machine in the country, the Dragonhead Company for Xu, is one of the country's most diverse and comprehensive manufacturers of engineering machinery, selling approximately 59.2 billion yuan in 2019, including engineering start-up equipment, earth-drilling transport equipment, pressurized machinery, roadside machinery, concrete machinery, fire-fighting machinery and others.
At the same time, the company has a global distribution network, which is the largest engineering machine in the country.
One of the exporters, a car crane, a crusher, a flat-ground machine, etc., was first in the market for the export of many products. In January-November 19 there was 14% of the excavators, the country’s second largest, up 2.7% from the same period.
In 2019, the company had 13 full and co-financed businesses, with a total capital of nearly $30 billion, and its head office and subordinate holding stock companies currently employed more than 13,000 people. Nearly 1,500 foreign workers sold around 19.2 billion yuan in 2019. The main products were excavators, earth-drillers, cranes, industrial vehicles, presses, roadworkers.
The company’s share in the market in January-November 19 was 7.4%, the fourth largest in the country.
Founded in 1992 in Hunan Province in the city of Hunan, China's capital city, mainly in the development of high-tech equipment such as engineering machinery, agricultural machinery, 10 categories of products with full autonomous intellectual property rights, 55 lines of products, more than 460 main products, sale in 2019 of approximately 43.3 billion yuan, which is a trio-worker conglomerate.
As the country’s absolute leader, Caterpillar is the largest earner of the seven companies in the United States, with revenue reaching $371.7 billion in 19 and a huge amount, the Japanese Little Pine Group earning $161.5 billion, while the Trinity is the country’s absolute leader.
At the domestic level, there are absolute leaders, but 75.7 billion more than overseas dragons, and within the country they are absolute leaders, but income levels are still much worse than overseas dragons, and income patterns are still far more wide and far apart, with companies constantly pushing into the internationalization strategy, and future income levels are vastly larger.
The company's Māori rate and clean profit rate are 26% in terms of Māori, 32.7% in terms of the average value of seven companies and 32.7% in terms of the average Māori ratio, which is largely the same for other national rivals and domestic rivals, as well as overseas dragonheads.
At 8.5 per cent, Trinity International is 14.8 per cent higher, far ahead of its counterparts in other countries, far ahead of it, and far above Ka's.
Table 35: Revenue for the company (millions of United States dollars)
The main raw materials and components needed for the company's production are car chassis, engine, steel, hydraulic pump, main oil, steel and engine.
Pumps, split boxes, hydraulic quails, loop bearings, etc., with the highest proportion of raw materials, about 11% of steel, material cost, product sales model, direct sales patterns and distributors.
The second trigger is about 9%. The suppliers of the company's spare parts are more concentrated and have established long-term sales cooperation with the suppliers. The purchase price is determined at one time at the time of signing the purchase contract.
Engineering machines have a longer production cycle, and the acquisition of parts of the company's imported parts is longer, along with the company's Māori rate and clean profits from time to time.
Fifteen years later, it's going back to the bottom, and it's going to be a product model.
For end-user sales, the distribution mode is that the company sells the product to the dealer, resells it by the dealer, there's some room for future gains to end-user. You can see the return of the engineering industry, the company's Māori rate and clean profits.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. data source: company data, first Shanghai cleanup.
In recent years, companies have made significant progress in digitalization and intellectual transformation. Corporate advances have included digitalization and intellectual upgrading in marketing services, development, supply chains, finance, etc.
Projects such as sales information, scm, gsp, power supply management information, production and storage equipment, company production and marketing facilities, and real connectivity. Recent years have seen significant improvements in the number of days of round-the-clock and stock transfer accounts.
Through digital transformation, the company is supposed to collect the money every week and the storage week, and the number of days passed has improved considerably, running it.
Source: Corporate Data, First Shanghai Research Department. Data source: Corporate Data, First Shanghai Research Department.
Source: Corporate Data, First Shanghai Research Department, management fees and sales rates are kept in line with the company’s excess and cost and the quality of the product is significantly improved. Sales rates and improvements continue to be more favourable at the peer’s lower water management rates, with management rates dropping by 1 percentage point over 18 years, and sales costs are also lower than 18 years.
According to the 19-year-old report, sales costs for three-timers are lower than those for Willows and Central Heavy Industries, higher than 4.8% of Xu's machinery, higher than those for Xu Pong and Koyama, and lower than those for management costs, with several national dragonheads operating abroad.
With only 1.3% of the cost of handling Xu's machinery, which is ahead of the industry, with 2.7% of the work in the three major jobs, the gap between them has been gradually narrowed. Combined with the above analysis, Xu's equipment is leading the way in the regulation of the costs, and there is still much room for improvement in the control of the costs of the workers.
Source: Corporate Data, First Shanghai Research Department. First Shanghai Certificate Co. Ltd. Chart 44: Cost of sales to label companies (19-year report).
Source: Bloomberg, Shanghai Research Department, everything is based on innovation, and research and development has produced remarkable results.
By 2019, the company had applied for 9151 patents, 7298 grants, 86-metre long-arm pumps, the world's first full hydraulic flatten, and the world's first three-tier mix.
A series of branded high-end products, such as a towing crane, China’s first hybrid excavator, a8-smuggling master of the first global mobile package, the world’s first full-road windmill crane, and a 48-metre large-scale high-speech fire truck for all new types of fire trucks, led China’s high-end production.
The 375h, 305h, etc., series of excavators has a variety of performance advantages, such as efficiency, reliability, wisdom, and energy efficiency. Sy375h is an upgraded version of the 36t class miner designed for reloaders on mines, which has been highly recognized by mine clients with high excavation power, efficiency, low fuel consumption, high reliability, and excellent control capabilities.
The company has made a breakthrough in the development of its six-large ai core technology, based on developments in industry and client needs, using sy950 and sy365 smart excavators, of which multiple models of default technology and cloud platform follow-on, remote remote control technology has reached international standards of advance water, leading to electrical control, full-power integration matching, and so on, four technologies have advanced within the country.
Autonomous development of unmanned road-cruisers, high-precision location testing, auto-circumstances, intellectual adjustment, full network, homework, safety, etc., with automatic avoidance, smart parking, etc. Compared to their counterparts, we can see that 19 years of research and development costs are 4.8%, which is far higher than those of all colleagues.
The company’s cost of research and development is one step closer to the industry’s management. In the future, intelligence, impersonalization, energy conservation are engineering machines.
With the growth of the industry, companies will increase their efforts to develop intelligent, unhumanized, energy-efficient and environment-friendly products, and the Technology Branch will increase to 4.8 per cent above industry standards. More than 5 per cent of sales revenue will be invested each year, forming a clustered development platform.
Table 46: Company development fee rates Figure 47: Corporation development fee rates (19-year report)
Source: Corporate Data, First Shanghai Research Department, high prices for products, unmatched after-sales services.
In China ' s 2019 brand of engineering and machinery users, the company ranked low and higher. In China ' s 2019 brand of engineering and machinery users, the company list, many fields are ahead.
In the field of roadside machines (mixing), presses (barriers), rigs (drillers) and cranes (excerpts), the first three rankings are “all for customers, heavy machines”, of which the company is always in the first place in the excavator and concrete machinery.
"Customer Values," two hours ago, a good reputation for Trinity's good product.
The company focuses on client demand, “All for customers, and creating customer value”, creating a first-class service network and management system. The company has pioneered the introduction of the “6s” central service model and the “one-key” service in the industry, offering 24 hours, 7 days of subscriptions to the global customer system and requests for post-sale services throughout the country.
The world’s warehouses provide quick and efficient transport of spare parts to clients. The first business-based business-control centre, ecc, a smart service system based on the network platform Cloud + End, has made it possible for engineering facilities worldwide to arrive two hours a day and service commitments to be completed 24 hours a day.
At the same time, the products of the three-carriage workers provide an unparalleledly high quality of services, increasing user stickyness, and increasing product-market ownership. Promoting internationalization strategies to actively expand overseas markets
In 2019, the company realized an international sales revenue of $14,167 million, an increase of 3.96 per cent over the same period. Despite a decline in exports from major markets, the company ' s overseas sales continued to grow steadily, with a marked increase in the position of the export market: the company ' s main overseas sales areas recorded a real increase in sales, including Indonesia, the United States, Europe and Russia.
In 2019, the company’s responsiveness and service capacity in overseas markets increased:
In 2019, the company’s responsiveness and service capabilities, agency systems, uniforms, etc. in the overseas market were strengthened.
Positive progress has been made in the construction of spare parts and finance wind control systems, market pipeline capacity has increased, sales areas, First Shanghai Certificates Limited, May 2020
Source: Corporate Data, First Shanghai Research Department, Data source: Corporate Data, First Shanghai Research Department.
The company has experienced a high rate of growth over the course of four consecutive years, with a year-on-year increase of 83.2% in 19 years, and a high temperature in the engineering industry. The average life span of engineering machinery is between 8 and 12 years, so 2017-2021 will be a peak in the demand for major products, such as excavators, concrete and cranes.
Against the backdrop of the rise in the brand brand of engineering machines, the brand will continue to be marketed for foreign brands, as an absolute leader of national brands, and companies will develop and provide services through in-depth product development and unmatched after-sales.
Products are better than peer-to-peer labels, are more user-friendly, and are expected to continue steadily to increase the city’s occupancy rate, ensuring that the growth in revenue is much higher than in the industry, and that the longline status will become more stable. The company’s recent positive digital transformation, as we can see in recent years’ spending rates, has become more expensive.
This is a clear downward trend, and there is room for further decline, which also guarantees that companies can outperform their peers and maintain stability in terms of profitability, and keep up with the high annual rate of increase in profits. We have adopted comparable valuation methods for companies, a unit of engineering machines that are generally valued at between 10 and 13 times.
We're taking the same kind of company, pe, other domestic dragons are worth about 12 times the value, and the company's home country is being considered for valuation by the chief excavator, the American Caterpillar.
It's about 13 to 14 times higher. Considering the position of the company's absolute dragon, its future high growth and height, its status, and its unattainable high growth and certainty.
For certainty, the city will increase steadily, and the dragon will become more stable, and according to the industry valuation, we'll give the First Shanghai Securities Company Ltd.
Data source: Bloomberg, First Shanghai Research Department. First Shanghai Certificate Limited. Data source: Corporate Data, First Shanghai Research Department.
First Shanghai Certificate Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Certificate Co. Ltd.
The report is compiled by the First Shanghai Certificate Company Ltd. (“Shanghai I”) and is intended for private general viewing only. No copying, no transcription, no recitation, no transfer or transmission of any of the contents of this report is possible without the first Shanghai Book approval. The contents, data, data, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for reference purposes.
This report does not take into account the investment orientation, financial situation, or any particular need of an individual investor. You should make your own investment decision on the basis of its own investment target, risk assessment, financial and tax considerations.
The information contained in this report is obtained from sources considered reliable by Shanghai I, but Shanghai I cannot guarantee its accuracy, correctness or completeness, and Shanghai I or its associates are not responsible for any loss or loss resulting from the use/accession of any of the contents or data in this report. Shanghai I or its associates may issue other reports or comments or investment decisions that are inconsistent with, or different from, the report.
Shanghai, or its associates, may hold a certificate or investment project referred to in this report, or provide a voucher service for the certificate or investment project. The first Shanghai is not a registered dealer under the United States Certificates Act (the 1934 Securities Act) or other related United States state government legislation.
In the absence of a special exemption from the relevant legislation, any financial and investment consulting services provided by the First Shanghai, including (but not limited to) what is stated in this file, are not intended to be made available to Americans. Neither the file nor its copies are circulated or taken to the United States, distributed or made available to Americans.
This report is not intended to be distributed to or used by any person or group of persons in the country or jurisdiction in question.