Cost advantages create coal-chemicals, new materials projects open up the future.
Investment rating: Purchase (first) of a “multiline soft” coal manufacturer, with clear cost advantages, first-time coverage of the rating given to the “buy-in” industry, company leader in the coal industry, after many years of sedimentary corporate cost advantages, company-wide chain overhang
The company now has a capacity of 3.6 million tons of ammonia, resulting in a diversified layout based on products such as dmf, acetic acid, acetic anhydride, adipic acid, urea, ethanol, etc., which allows the company to leverage the production capacity of products through the “soft co-production” model, ironing the effects of product cycle fluctuations, achieving steady profitability and
In the future, the company will add 166,000 tons of adipic acid and 300,000 tons of new nylon materials, and its performance will continue to be characterized by advanced water syrup technology and excellent control capabilities, resulting in very low production costs for the company, based on our calculations, using gas for the reproduction of methanol as an example, the company ' s full cost of methanol is more solid than the industry.
In addition, the company saves $272 per ton by streamlining personnel and energy costs, which is at a long-term lower cost of less than 7 per cent per ton.
The cost of ethanol is $101 per ton lower than the industry average, and the company’s overall process cost advantage is clear. • The company’s main product is fast-paced at the end of the cycle, new material projects guarantee future growth, and the company’s main products, acetic acid, methanol, urea, ethanol, are now close to the bottom of the historical cycle.
The price of the product will rebound in 2020. We measure that if the price of acetic acid per ton rises by $100 per ton per ton per year, the net profit of the company will increase by 135 million yuan per ton, and the company’s performance will be extremely resilient. The company’s 300,000 nylon new materials project is expected to come into production by mid-2021, and will be produced every year.
The company contributed about 5.6 billion yuan in operating income, with a total profit of about 450 million yuan. Coal industry leaders focused on endogenous development, with the cost of “multiline flexible production”
The main products are fertilizers, acetic acids and derivatives, organochlorine, polyols, adipic acids and related intermediates. The company has developed a number of industrial and technological platforms, such as clean gasification, synthesynthesis, “one-line” flexible multi-species co-productions, through sustained new production.
By the end of 2018, the net profits and the market value of the company were 126 times as high as they were immediately marketed, respectively.
The growth of the company is a process of continuous upgrading of its gas-chemical capacity and continuous downstream expansion, with three main stages before and after. Phase I: During 2002-2007, the company rapidly expanded the capacity of technologically mature products such as dmf, urea and methanol, which produced 1 million tons of gas-chemical capacity; Phase II: 2008-2012, the company developed and produced acetic acid, acetylene.
Diol, which continues to expand production lines downstream, with a gas-chemical capacity of 2.2 million tons during this period; phase three: after 2013, 10,000 tons of gas will be connected.
Since it was listed, the company has continued to expand its product operations, with its basic gasification as a central point, and is closely guided by its own strengths. From its original methanol, urea, it is moving towards organicamine, acetic acid, acetic anhydride, adipic acid, nitrate, melamine, Dodo.
Figure 2: Multi-lined: Continuous expansion of gasification, enrichment of product lines, firm endogenous development. Company market value continues to rise to new steps with production capacity.
As a typical cyclical industry, companies grow steadily through endogenous growth, leading to a sustained increase in profit volume and industry size, thus increasing market value growth and productivity.
Figure 3: As the company's construction works are being consolidated, profits are being released, and the company's overall market value continues to rise to a new level. 1.2, the company's equity structure is clear and simple.
32.19% of the shares are held in 32.19% of the shares of the Wallau Holdings Group, a fully-owned subsidiary of the Wallau Holdings Group Limited, which is controlled by the Shandong State Finance Committee, inter-firm control by the Shandong State Finance Committee, with a clear and simple equity structure. Figure 4: Equity structure: State capital background, clear structure (as of 30 September 2019)
At the fourth interim meeting of the sixth session of the Board of Trustees, in 2015, consideration was given to the adoption of the “Restrictions for Awarding Incentives”, on 8th of which the company increased the equity incentive scheme’s restricted shares to 8.8556 million shares. As of 24 December 2019, the first two rounds of unlocking targets and unlocked shares had been marketed and the third phase of restricted shares had been traded.
The company’s management successfully fulfilled the performance objectives of the equity incentive, highlighting its managerial motivation and correct development thinking. 1.3. Financial situation: the company’s profits have grown rapidly since it was listed and the cost rate has remained low.
Prices of company-owned products, continued expansion of production capacity, and companies’ continued drive for cost-reduction-led revenue and profitability have increased significantly. Coalization has improved overcapacity in the industrial sector since 2016, and products such as methanol, adipic acid, ethanol, acetic acid, etc.
Prices began to rebound from the bottom in 2016, and the start-up rate of the product gradually increased, leading the firm to a record high in 2018, when the net profit of the company was 14,357 million yuan, a 37.9 per cent increase in business income; and the net return of the mother was 3,020 million yuan, an increase of 147.1 per cent.
The company’s product structure was balanced, and performance remained stable at the end of the industry cycle in 2019. The largest volume of revenue was the fertilizer plate, the main product of which was urea. According to the creative information, the average price of urea was 1,336 yuan per ton at the end of 2016, and the search returned to 1,964 yuan per ton in 2018.
In 2018, the company’s urea start-up rate was maintained at a high level, and the company’s fertilizer product revenues did not fall significantly from 2016. Other product segments of the company contributed roughly the same proportion to the harvest, and the balanced product structure was favourable to the cyclical nature of the product’s price changes and spread the risk of product price changes.
Prices of major products, such as ethanol and acetic acid, have declined significantly, but corporate performance has remained relatively small. Figure 6: Rapid growth in corporate revenue since 2017 Figure 7: Higher prices and lower costs have led to higher profitability
Acetic acid plates contribute the most to profitability, while polyols contribute the least. In 2018, Acetic acid plates contributed 38 per cent to the company ' s Māori, followed by fertilizer plates and organamide plates, both of which contribute 23 per cent, while polyols contribute the smallest share to Māori, at only 3 per cent.
With the benefits of higher product prices and lower costs associated with the completion of technology, the Māori rate of company products rose significantly in 2018. Since 2017, overcapacity in the industry has improved in the face of supply-side reforms and environmental waves, and prices for most of the company’s products have increased. In addition, at the end of 2017, the company’s traditional industries were upgraded and cleaner production combined.
The completion of the re-engineering of the project and of the energy-saving technologies, the new high level of ethanol production and the apparent decline in the cost of company production have contributed to a marked increase in the Māori rate of company products in 2018, including fertilizer plates and acetic acids of 28.0 per cent, adipic acids and intermediates of 23.4 per cent and polyols of 4.9 per cent.
Figure 10: Māori share of the plates in 2018: Acetic acid plates contribute to Māori, relying on long-standing managerial experience and technical advantages, and companies ' long-standing low cost rates. 2018 Financial cost rates are also maintained at low levels, with corporate financial costs only in 2018 and the third quarter of 2019.
At the same time, the company has kept the management cost rate at a lower level, and the cumulative cost advantage is that the cost composition and advantages of the company's products are as follows:
We measured the full cost of one ton of methanol in 2019, based on data from the company and the yang coal chemical industry, at about $373 less than that of the yang coal chemical, and we believe that the main difference is between the technology and the cost of producing synthetic gas in the company. First, the process of producing synthetic gas in the company is the water slurry technology.
This company can use lower-cost coal, and we measure that one ton of methanol is produced at the cost of synthesizing gas alone, and the company saves approximately $272 from the yang coal industry. Second, because of its excellent control capacity, the company saves about $101 per ton of methanol on three costs (research and development costs are not accounted for).
2.1 The company's own development of water slurry technology is advanced, with the cost of synthetic gas for products being 35% lower than for fixed-bed processes, and the cost of production of low-cost synthetic gas (co+h_2) can be most directly reduced for downstream products.
The source of the raw material for downstream products is the synthetic gas obtained after gasification, so the cost of synthetic gas can most directly affect the cost of downstream products. The cost of synthetic gas depends on the level of gas furnace technology and the cost of coal, the main control factor for which is gas furnace technology, which is currently dominated by fixed-bed technology and water slurry.
Technology, the most sophisticated and advanced gas furnace technology is water slurry, which has been in progress for more than 10 years, but the process is relatively low. Most of the domestic urea producers are smaller producers, which use fixed-bed technologies with lower investment costs, lower technology requirements, and high investment in water slurry technology, which is difficult to operate.
Advanced water slurry technology leads the industry, significantly reducing the cost of synthesizing gas production. The company has pioneered multi-pesser water slurry gas furnaces in the country, has been in operation for more than 15 years, and has matured its installations and improved its technology.
Moreover, while the price of coal is not controlled by the company, the company can use less expensive coal, depending on advanced water syrup technology. And, compared to the fixed-bed process, the raw gas conversion of water slurry technology is more efficient and efficient.
The co+h2 calculus of current water slurry technology is higher and carbon conversion rates are higher. According to our calculations, the cost of corporate gas flats is about 35% lower than the fixed-bed process.
Largely, the main difference is from the difference between the price of coal and smoke-free coal, which is not likely to be significantly reduced, with an average tax-bearing price of $783 per ton in 2019 for smoke-free (good mix) Shanghai, while the average tax-bearing price of coal (good mix) is $603 per ton in Shanghai (the difference between the prices in 2019 and the year 2018 is almost identical); and higher investment in water slurry.
Billion dollars, although the equivalent depreciation is high, requires less labour, lower labour costs, combined, less labour costs are close to the increase in depreciation, so many small businesses have little incentive to replace the water pulp process. But, from a long perspective, the cost savings from water pulp technology are significant.
Railway transport reduces the cost of transportation of raw materials (coal). The company’s campus is adjacent to the 8-mile railway station, which links the Shizuku railway. The Shide railway is located in the Shijiang railway station, the Ishita railway station, the Kiyoshi railway station, and the Tungjung railway, the Tungjung railway, and the Dragon-smoking railway at the Texas station, which is an important route for off-coal transport in Shanxi province.
The advantages of the company have facilitated the purchase of raw coal and reduced the transport costs of coal. Figure 14: The company is located in low-to-low-middle coal-priced areas, where the cost of acquiring coal is lower, close to the main consumer region of East China, and geographically located in the city of Shandong, relatively close to the main coal-producing area.
Cross-border areas with low-to-medium coal prices have a certain cost advantage, and are closer to the point of demand. By relying on rail transport, companies can save transport costs for coal purchases, while also making it easier for companies to move products out of the country, effectively reducing their combined transport costs.
2.1.2 Company multi-dimensional control costs, low production costs Company public works packages are complete and all projects share public works share production costs.
In terms of resources, the company uses the steam as a ladder and is still cold.
The residual heat of the condensate is used to save steam; in addition, the company has achieved full recycling of the vapour condensate, resulting in savings in water resources. By improving the coal grinding process, adjusting the production formula, increasing the effective concentration of the slurry and improving the use of raw materials; in energy: the company has made energy-saving modifications to the recycled water pumps, and some electrical equipment.
In addition, with the launch of the company's Traditional Industries Upgrading and Cleaner Production Project in 2018, the company already has three sub-gasification platforms. The company's total ammonia capacity now stands at 3.6 million tons. Based on the consumption of coal and ammonia units of historical raw materials, it is found that the new platform invests a single consumption of a unit of ammonia in the post-partum period.
This decline is due, on the one hand, to the reduction in single consumption as a result of the interconnection of the three water slurry sets, and, on the other hand, to the continued environmental input of the company, the completion of cleaner production of boilers and exhausts. The company was rated four times as the “Synthetic ammonia energy-efficient leader pole company.” Environmental regulations were tightened and chemical-intensive products were contaminated.
In the context of clarity, the company’s prompt and decisive decision to adapt cleaner production has further consolidated its vanguard position in the broader context of a more environmentally friendly environment. The company’s depreciation costs are lower: the cost of a single ton of project investments is lower than that of a major comparable company.
Harmonization of procurement, self-building, a strong sense of cost control and capacity, and the accumulation of platform size advantages and process experience have led to a significantly lower level of unit investment in major products than comparable competitors. For example, the latest 500,000 tons of coal ethanol project single-ton investment has been made as a result of the Division’s previous experience in operating 50,000 tons of ethanol devices.
The amount of $5,349 per ton represents a savings of almost 50 per cent compared to the amount of 50,000 tons of ethanol installed in one phase and is about $8,000/ton lower than that of the peers.
With water syrup technology, companies can use lower-cost coal. Using 2019, we estimate that when a ton of methanol is produced, the company alone can save 272 dollars in synthetic gas costs as compared to the solar coal industry.
The gas of 1,000m3 can produce about 0.596 tons of methanol: assuming that coal conversion is obtained in gas, the ratio of co and h2 is 1:1. Because the company uses water slurry technology, the converted gas is 82% of the calculus of co+h2, or 820 m3 of gas of 1,000 m3, or 410 m3 of co+h2, or co.
Because the molar volume of gases under the plaque is 0.022 m3/mol, it is assumed that the c element in the co-gas can be converted in its entirety by 0.948 tonnes of methanol: it is known from the literature value (table 4) that 1.000 m3 gas (square) needs to be produced using water slurry technology by 0.565 tonnes of coal, i.e. 0.948 tonnes of coal to produce 1 tonne of methanol [=0.565/0.596].
The company's rail transport of coal directly into production parks has a cost advantage, assuming that the company's freight cost per ton of coal is $10, the average tax price on coal smoke in 2019 was $603 per ton, and the tax rate in 2019 was 13%.
The cost of synthesizing gas for the production of single tons of methanol by the yang coal industry is estimated at $786. The company's cost of single tons of methanol alone is $272 less than the cost of yang coal. 2.2, multiple cost savings, the company's total cost rate is maintained at less than 7% for the long term.
In table 3, the cost savings achieved by the company in terms of three fees are calculated as follows: the average price of methanol in 2019 was $1,900 per ton (excluding taxes), and we assume that the sales prices of methanol in 2019 were for both companies, and that the cost rates of the two companies in 2019 were almost equal to those of their respective companies prior to 2019.
The cost rate for three quarters is 7.1% for the company in 2019 (methanol is a mature product, so we have eliminated the cost of R & D), while the cost for the company to produce and sell a single ton of m ethanol is 135 dollars. The cost for the yang-coalin industry in 2019 is 12.4%, while the cost for the yang-coalin industry to produce and sell a single ton of methanol is 236 dollars.
Overall, the cost of producing and selling single tons of methanol is $101 more than that of the yang industry, which, as can be seen from the comparison below, has been around 3 to 5% lower than that of the comparable company since 2014 and remains at a low level of less than 7% for the long term. In 2018, for example, the total cost of yang chemistry is around 3 to 5% lower than that of the comparable company.
12.5%, compared with 7.9% for the company and 4.5% for the company, the ability to manage and control costs is evident. The company is also less leveraged than the major comparable companies, and its financial position is more robust.
The workers bore 11,980 employees and the management costs were higher, with the company ' s net assets in 2018 amounting to $11 billion, i.e. $920,000 per capita net assets, while Wallu Heung ' s rise was only 3,749 people, with many employees in several positions, and the company outsourced some other matters, such as overhauls, to an outside professional team. The company ' s net assets in 2018 were $12.1 billion, i.e., people.
Net assets are $3.2 million. Companies generate the most net profits at minimal labour costs, reflecting strong technological and managerial advantages. 2.3. Companies extend the product chain downstream and continuously increase the value added of the product.
In the fourth quarter of 2018, the company added 500,000 tons of ethanol, and we measured it with 2019 data: in 2019, the company managed to keep the full cost of ethanol at about 3,500 yuan per ton by virtue of its size, while the industry cost ethanol at around 4,400 yuan per ton, so that the company's single ton of ethanol was overprofited against industry levels.
The company operates mainly around three product main lines: one, synthetic gas - methanol - acetic acid/dmf; two, synthetic gas - synthetic ammonia - urea - melamine; three, phenylcyclohexone - hydramide - nylon66. The overall pattern of these products is more general, the product process is relatively mature, and the quality of the products varies little from one product to another, and we therefore believe that,
It would be less realistic to achieve a high excess profit by applying new production processes to scale production. On the contrary, it would be more realistic to generate processing fees and other related costs in addition to the basic ones by continuously scaling down raw materials, production, and associated costs.
For companies, where raw materials are essentially coal (synthetic gas), each step downstream, depending on the existing multi-dimensional cost advantages of depreciation, energy, labour, and quadruple, the more profits they accumulate, which is the strength of the company.
3 - Flexible production of production and production capacity to stabilize and maximize corporate benefits 3.1, gasification and synthetic ammonia - transferable capacity to maximize efficiency Middle h and cmolby:1; coal-made synthetic gas (hydrogen, aerobic)
The ratio of carbon (carbon) components does not meet the h/c ratio demand for all products downstream; thus, gasification production can be used to reduce carbon monoxide and increase hydrogen content by using water gas (water gas switching: co+h2o=co2+h2); and hydrogen ratios are commonly regulated between zones.
32%-67%, or 10%-57%, of the common regulated areas; the proportion of synthetic gas obtained by different gas-chemical processes varies and, in the case of low energy consumption, the production of downstream structures that best match the ratio of synthetic gas maximizes the profitability of the enterprise.
Gas switching (changes in the ratio of synthetic gas) regulates the structure of downstream products. And, for products such as methanol, liquid ammonia, companies can maximize the benefits of the plant by opting for external purchase or sale, depending on the market price.
Figure 19: After technological change in 2017, the company ' s synthetic gas capacity was significantly enhanced, and Figure 20: After technology change in 2017, the company ' s synthetic ammonia capacity was significantly increased to support the company ' s downstream multilined layout
The self-sufficiency of synthetic ammonia is now 3.2, the product is less relevant, and the “soft” production model allows the company to maintain a stable performance.
Acid, dmf, ethanol, adipic acid, close to consumer demand, and about 23% of that demand for fertilizers. For example, in table 10, we use crude oil, tobacco prices and prices of major products for a relevant breakdown (the coefficient is a statistical indicator reflecting the degree of correlation between variables).
The smaller the number, the smaller the relationship, the larger the relationship) and the finding that supply and demand patterns between varieties do not have a significant correlation, and that each product has its own supply and demand and cost-side price logic that enables the company to maximize the volatility of individual product prices through flexible production patterns that are able to leverage capacity according to changes in product prices.
In short, the more diverse the company's products and the less interconnected they are, the more the company can achieve the most profitable current production by allocating the production capacity between the products, and the more the industry pattern of the company's main downstream product needs to be improved, but the company relies on superiority.
The “multiline” product layout and flexible co-production patterns, the industry landscape, where most of the company’s main product is currently at the bottom of the cycle, but the company’s performance always leads the industry.
Some of the products are overcapacity and most companies in the industry live in a poor environment. Moreover, traditional coal industry has a high level of profitability, which generally loses when oil prices are low. But the company, as the leader of the coal industry, did not lose much even when oil prices collapsed in 2014, and the company’s net return profit is in place.
Among other things, environmental protection has led to a recovery in the profits of most coal-industrial companies and a significant increase in the company’s performance in 2018. In the composition of the cost of coal-chemical products, the cost of raw materials is higher, the price of the products is more volatile, so that the key to the profits of coal-chemical companies is how to reduce costs and earn higher processing fees.
Most firms in the country are technologically backward and small, so their performance is more volatile by the industry cycle. For example, we split the cost composition of the two companies, using the more advanced production technologies of the industry, the solar-coalin industry and the average industry, and we can see that when the two produce the same product, the cost of the company's raw materials is lower.
As a result, the company's production and operation are less influenced by the price of raw materials than by the cost of the raw materials, but also by the fact that the company's technological level is much more advanced (single consumption). Overall, the company's products are mostly bulky and the cost of raw materials is higher, but the company relies on “one head”
The production model of “multiline flexible production” spreads the risk of price volatility across products, while firms continue to expand their production horizontally and vertically, increasing synergies in the industrial chain, reducing production costs for single-species products, increasing the combined value added of downstream products, increasing corporate profitability and having sufficient profitability to further expand the company's rules.
Models, enhancing their cost advantages, generating positive feedback, concentrating industrial output to the top, concentrating industry as a whole in 4.1, dmf, leading firms represented by companies, moving surplus synthetic ammonia, methanol downstream, and producing a relatively higher value added dmf
Dimethylmethamphetamine (dmf) is a transparent liquid, soluble with water and most organic solvents. It is a commonly used solvent for chemical reactions, manufactured using methic acid and dimethylamide. Dimethylmethamphetamine is unstable (especially at high temperatures) in the presence of strong alkalis such as sodium hydroxide or acid such as hydrochloric acid or sulphuric acid, and hydrolysed to antacid and dimethylic acid.
The demand for dmf is about 55% for the slurry industry, with demand for medicine, pesticides, food and electronics accounting for about 41%. Demand growth in the overall industry has been slower. There has been an increase in concentration in the dmf sector, with the company producing the first. From 2017 to 2019, demand in the dmf industry was higher.
With 1.15 million tonnes, 1.1 million tonnes, and 1 million tonnes respectively, industrial capacity has been reduced, and production capacity has been concentrated in leading firms represented by companies. Domestic capacity consists mainly of 250,000 tonnes at Wallu Henglew, 180,000 tonnes at Zhejiang and 100,000 tonnes at Rusil Chemical Industries. In 2019, dmf produced about 720,000 tonnes of domestic production, with a start rate of 72.5% and production and start-up rates.
The company became the country’s dmf leader with 250,000 tons of production capacity. The reason why the department was doing dmf downstream is mainly to continue the further development of excess synthetic ammonia and methanol downstream and to produce a relatively higher value-added product, which in turn took advantage of the cost advantage of synthetic gas to keep dmf costs to the lowest level in the industry.
Adipic acids: excess industrial capacity, stable supply and demand patterns in related industrial chains 4.2.1. Demand end: continuous increase in application areas, steady growth in demand. The main downstream demand for adipic acid is nylon material, with a stable overall demand.
The chemical products are capable of reacting in a variety of ways, including salinization, esterification, ammonization, etc., and are the main feedstocks for the production of 66 fibres and 66 resins, polyurethanes and plasticizers, and play an important role in chemical production, organic synthesis, industry, medicine, and lubricant manufacturing. The pulp industry accounts for some of the main downstream applications.
Twenty-three per cent of total demand, nylon 66 and salt, account for 30 per cent of total demand. As a result of our economic and technological development, the Acid Acid application area has continued to grow, with a steady increase in consumption, from 780,000 tons in 2012 to 1.2 million tons in 2018, with an annual compound growth rate of 7.4 per cent.
Thus, the demand for adipic acid will increase at a rate broadly consistent with the country ' s gdp. Figure 23: 30% demand for adipic acid is derived from nylon 66 and its salts. Figure 24: a steady increase in the consumption of adipic acid
The production process is dominated by cyclohexane, cyclohexane, and cyclohexane. The current methods of production of this substance are mainly cyclohexane, cyclohexane (also known as cyclohexol), butadiene and biooxidation, which are not capable of large-scale industrial production.
The cyclohexane method, which is more homogeneous in terms of raw materials, mature production techniques, low consumption of raw materials, and low energy consumption, is the dominant method used by most of the world ' s producers of adipic acid, which once accounts for more than 90% of global production. The cyclohexane method has a high rate of collection, higher product quality, and greater use of by-products.
Simple, so large-scale devices are less expensive than cyclohexane. As cyclohexene technology matures, so does the ratio of cyclohexene production capacity.
In 2018, we had 1.33 million tonnes of cyclohexene alone, accounting for 52% of the country's effective capacity and about 27% of the world's production capacity. In 2018, Chongqing had the highest total capacity in China, with 640,000 tonnes/year, and Chongqing was still on the list.
It increased production capacity to 115 million tons. Since 2012, with the increase in production and production of adipic acid, competition in the market has intensified, prices of adipic acid have declined, domestic supply has become surplus, and our exports have become net exporters, and exports of adipic acid have been growing year after year.
In 2017, 2018, the country exported 300,000 tons of adipic acid and its salts and esters on an average annual basis. Starting in 2015, the capacity utilization rate for the adipic acid industry has also been reduced from year to year, with 59% in 2018 and only 59% in 2018, and the capacity of the industry. In terms of future additional capacity, 255,000 tons of adipic acid will be added to Chongqing Peak, which is expected by the end of 2019 or so.
In early 2020, it will be operational; 166,000 tons of adipic acid will be added to Waruheungl, which is expected to be operational in the first quarter of 2021; 300,000 tons of capacity will be produced in Jiangsu, or will be resumed in 2020, all in order to match their downstream industrial chains (Nylon 66, ammonia slurry), and the industry as a whole will not be ready to do so.
In 2020-2021, domestic capacity will increase by 420,000 tons of adipic acid. Strong endogenous growth will continue to expand the “multiline” product structure.
Material project, 30 months of construction, with 300,000 tonnes/year (of which 200,000 tonnes are self-used), 200,000 tonnes/year of methylamide, 200,000 tonnes/year of nylon6 and 480,000 tonnes/year of ammonium sulfide, which is expected to yield real operating income of 5.613 billion yuan/year after delivery, with a total profit of 446 million yuan.
According to our calculations, the full cost of a self-financed company is around $5,900 per ton, and the average cost of the industry is about $6,700 per ton. Given the current overcapacity and low rate of start-up in the industry, we expect to be relatively marginal, and the company is now in the process.
The company invests in the construction of a new production capacity, mainly to expand to the nylon 66 industry chain, producing a new nylon. The company’s new material project is also closely tied to the hyphenate 1 nylon 66 industry.
It is extended. Although the overall industry pattern of the chain has stabilized, firms have accumulated a wealth of experience in raw materials, technology, etc., and they still have significant cost advantages and are able to earn excess returns compared to those in the market that have not yet been matched by full-chain production.
New projects are highly related to the original business and still have a low-cost advantage. Despite the industry pattern of the new projects, these new products still have strong operational relevance to synthetic gas, nitrate, compound fertilizer, etc., and are supported by the use of H2O, liquid ammonia, epoxy, and low-cost synthetic gas platforms.
We believe that the new project still has a certain advantage in the fierce industrial competition. 4.3. Acetic acid: demand patterns are stable and there will be more production in 2020.
Light oil oxidation, ethylene oxide, acetylene. The methanol low-pressure hydroxylated synthesis is widely used because of its reliability, high transformation rates and sophistication, low by-products, and low emissions of tri-waste.As the methanol low-pressure pneumonic acetic acid process continues to develop, the world has been producing acetic acid for almost a decade or so.
Internationally, the leading companies in the production of acetic acid are the British Petroleum Corporation (bpamoco), the United States company Celanese, France, Daicel, Japan, and the United States company Millenium, which now have more than 80% of the world’s total capacity.
Amoco developed the cativa process in 1996, which reduced the production cost of acetic acid by nearly 30% through the use of new catalysts and aids, and the cost of investing in production devices by a significant reduction. The original production plant was modified using the cativa process in the Hull area of the United Kingdom, with capacity increased to 675,000 tonnes/year.
S, which has built the world ' s largest acetic acid production unit in the Texas Net Lake, has undergone a massive overhaul of the former acetic acid production facility through the application of acetic acid optimization technology, which has culminated in a production capacity of 1.2 million tons per year. 4.3.1. Demand side: mainly pta, acetic acid derivative, demand pattern stabilized
Downstream demand for acetic acid is concentrated in pta (painting), acetic acid derivatives, etc., of which pta accounts for 25.1 per cent of total demand, ethylene acetic acid accounts for 18.3 per cent of total demand, and ethyl acetic acid accounts for 17.9 per cent, where the detergent industry increases annually at rates ranging from 7 to 10 per cent, downstream derivatives have stabilized in recent years, and the overall downward demand pattern for acetic acid is more stable.
pta, known as phenyldiphenylacetic acid, is one of the major chemical raw materials, which is combined with px (diphenyls) downstream of crude oil, is widely used in various aspects of the national economy such as chemical fibres, light work, electronics, construction, etc., and more than 90% of pta is used for the production of pet (polymeric diethylene esters, polyesters).
The downstream demand for pta comes mainly from scrubbing fibres, polyester bottles, polyester slices, with the largest demand for platinum wiring reaching 51%, and changes in demand for platinum wiring having a significant impact on the development of the pta industry; and, secondly, polyester bottles and platinum short fibres, with a ratio of 17% and 15% respectively.
Over 80% of global pta production is concentrated in Asia, and China accounts for nearly half of global production and is the major producer of pta. In 2011, the pta industry had a high overall profit margin, rising downstream demand, and the industry was booming, but subsequently, the pta supply increased significantly, resulting in pta profits.
In the event of overcapacity in the industry, pta production firms are in a state of long-term loss and some of them are lagging behind, leading to a tight balance in the pattern of supply and demand. In 2017, with the recovery of profits in the industry, the business climate rose, ushering in a new cycle of expansion. In 2018, pta produced 51.29 million tons.
The utilization rate was 79%. In the third quarter of 2019, with 2.2 million tons of new production capacity from monocrome energy, pta was re-entered into a large-scale production cycle. In 2020-2021, pta’s capacity will be 46.5 million tons, while pta tons, or it will break the current industry pattern of tight balance between supply and demand.
Figure 29: pta production capacity: A new expansion cycle began in 2017. ethylene acetate (vac), a simple ester of saturated acid and unsaturated ol, can produce polymers such as polyvinyl alcohol (pva), ethylene acetate (eva) and ethylene condensate (eva) through their own or other monomer polymers.
Peripherals, paints, ink, leather processing, emulsions, water solubility membranes and soil improvement agents, which can be used for glue, paper or fabrics, have extensive applications in the fields of chemicals, textiles, light work, paper, construction and automobiles.
By June 2018, the production capacity of ethylene acetylene acetylene was about 3.3 million tons, with a total capacity of 2.120,000 tons per year, or about 64 per cent of total production capacity.In recent years, as a result of environmental restrictions and supply-side reforms, the production capacity of the ethylene acetate industry has been increased and synchronized.
Regional capacity has changed considerably. South-West, South-West, and Central China have seen a certain reduction in capacity due to the shutdown of some of the installations. North-West and north-west China has seen a significant increase in the production capacity of the acetic acids associated with the construction of coal-chemical plants. As of June 2018, both north-west and north-west China had full capacity.
54% of GDP. Figure 31: Distribution of ethylene acetate production capacity: industry prices, mainly in the north-west and north-east of China, due to a certain excess capacity in the acetate industry, as well as the unprogrammatic competitive effects of the market
G has been relatively low in 2013-2015, although consumption of ethylene acetate has increased steadily in recent years, but the growth of the industrial market has been significantly curtailed, and demand for ethylene has increased significantly in 2016 as China ' s economy warms, while environmental constraints on production have limited supply to some extent, starting in 2016.
The price of ethylene acetic acid in China was about 15.5 billion yuan in 2018, a 16 per cent increase over the same period.
With the economic recovery beginning in 2016, demand for ethylene acetic acid increased considerably in that year, while factors such as limited production of the environment somewhat limited the supply of ethylene acetic acid and prices began to recover, and the market expanded rapidly, with the Chinese market for ethylene acetic acid growing by 16.2 per cent in 2018 at about 15.47 billion yuan.
4.3.2. At the supply end: Acetic acid will open a new one-year expansion cycle. Asia is the world ' s largest Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acid, with 3.1 million tonnes of capacity per year in 2000, accounting for 36 per cent of the world ' s total Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acids.
Partly concentrated in Asia and North America, with a combined capacity of 17.06 million tons, or 89.2 per cent of the world’s total production capacity, Asia and North America have greater market potential and are the world’s focal areas for the development of acetic acid. In recent years, Asia has built many new acetic acid production units that have become the world’s largest Acetic Acetic Acid production base.
Starting in 2010, as a result of rapid downstream growth in demand, our acetic acid production grew at a high rate of nearly 25% in the year. After 2011, thanks to a technological breakthrough in methanol, a large amount of methanol law was built in the country.
International crude oil prices are high, and ethylene acetic acid production is being phased out. At present, the domestic total acetic acid production is 9.25 million tons, and the preparation process is dominated by methanol. In 2018, domestic acetic acid production reached 6,164.2 tons, a decline of 0.8 per cent compared to 2017, with 9.25 million tons of capacity, most of which is concentrated in the East China region and Shandong.
Overall, the acetic acid industry has stabilized since the last round of the decapitulation cycle, with new production pressures increasing since 2019. In 2018, a wave of acetic acid was caused by the old concentration of force majeure in overseas installations, and the current price has fallen due to the lack of demand. Some 3 million tons of acetic acid were invested in the country between 2020 and 2021.
Production, the acetic acid industry has started a new cycle of expansion, and we expect subsequent acetic acid prices to be subject to relative pressure and then to be determined by the cost of international production of acetic acid over the long term.
The dependence on ethanol imports has declined from year to year as coal-heading production became operational. Until 2010, domestic production of ethanol was mainly based on petroleum routes, while domestic crude oil resources have been consistently scarce, and ethanol is always dependent on imports.
In view of the country's strategic security concerns, and taking into account the characteristics of our energy structure, which is rich in coal resources, the country has vigorously promoted the coal-based ethanol route. In recent years, a number of new coal-chemical routes have been used to produce the capacity of ethanol, which has led to a rapid increase in the coal-heading ratio and a decline in the import dependency of ethanol. In 2018, the domestic import of ethanol fell.
Reliance is about 59.5%. Between 2020 and 2023, coal head and large-scale refined ethanol production will become intensive and dependence on imports is expected to decline further, when industry pricing will depend on the relative cost of oil head and coal head. 4.4.1. Demand end: downstream demand is mainly polyester, and overall demand is weak.
The downstream demand for ethylene is mainly polyester, 64% of which is derived mainly from lilacs. The esters are highly correlated with their downstream textile industry. The rate of ethanol, polyester, textile industry start-up in recent years shows that polyester start-up is highly consistent with the rate of start-up in the textile industry.
There are also production reduction plans for polyester plants, the demand for polyesters is weak and the prices of upstream ethanol need to be improved. Figure 37: Demand for ethanol: Most of the demand is concentrated at polyester ends. Figure 38: In 2019, the rate of initiation of ethanol was lower.
4.4.2 At the end of supply: Overcapacity, marginal capacity cannot be withdrawn, prices need to be improved RMB/tonne, losses are common in enterprises that produce ethanol exclusively using the mto method, and losses are already occurring in most oil head and some high-cost coal head ethanol.
The price of diol, which is close to historical lows, is still higher than the cash cost of coal-headed ethanol, which is still undefended; the oil head, which is usually integrated for the refinery, cannot stop production, even if ethanol is lost, and can only properly regulate its load, but it has limited capacity to regulate it. As a result, the marginal production of ethanol cannot be withdrawn for a short period of time.
Out, factors such as weak downstream demand for ethanol, which has continued since the beginning of 2019, with a domestic ethanol production capacity of 10.51 million tons in 2018, the data currently available suggest that 4.85 million tons of ethanol will be available in 2020, and the supply will increase the pressure on the supply side.
The supply and demand patterns of ethanol need to be improved, and the price of ethanol is currently at the bottom of the cycle. Table 18: In the long term, we believe that industry will not be able to withstand the loss of accounting profits if prices continue at the current position.
At present, oil-based ethanol cannot be a marginal production (loss/loss balance) because the petroleum refining device is a primary unit, so that the marginal production of ethanol is a high-cost coal ethanol. In the long run, we believe that the market price base should be close to its cost line, i.e., $4,400/t.
Although import dependence on ethanol has declined in recent years, import dependence on ethanol was about 60% in 2018. Considering that between 2020 and 2021 we will have 46.5 million new tons of pta capacity, and if these new pta capacity is converted to polyester (pet), we will be able to do so according to pet=0.855*pta+0.355* ethanol.
It is estimated that the corresponding demand for ethanol will increase by about 1,900 tons between 2020 and 2021, and we expect a further increase in the price of ethanol, which is expected to break the industry pattern of excess supply of ethanol by that time.
Changes in the meg (ethylene diol) inventory cycle: 7 months of continuous deposing, which has now reached a low of almost five years. The market at Meg in late 2018 opened a passive layering phase against a background of high production and import volumes; with the expected gradual correction of the market ' s easing of the meg supply, Meg entered the capital in June 2019.
MOVE TO CULTURE – Passively Depository: Meg completed a complete inventory cycle throughout 2019 and updated the maximum and lowest port levels in the last five years. With more than seven months of continuous access to the warehouse, and the impact of some of the suddenness factors (continuing sealing, pollution of the source of the cargo, etc.), Meg’s harbour has now fallen to almost five years.
Newly low: According to ccf, the port stock at the end of 2019 was about 394,000 tons, a decrease of 1,042,000 tons from the peak value of 1436,000 tons in April 2019, compared with last year-50.13 per cent, and a shortage of supplies in the spot market.
In the second half of 2019, ethanol market price trends in the first half of 2019 showed a high negative correlation with dominant stocks, while low banks in the second half of the year were slightly less resilient to prices. In the second half of 2019, the market price at Meg East was 4,500 to 5,500 yuan per ton.
Within the zone, the main repression of prices comes from: 1) the expectations of market participants about the adjustment of supply and demand patterns, 2) the demand from the end-of-year overhaul of the ester plant is weaker. The current market is mainly for low-stock continuity and the expected matchmaking.
Unqualified exports, the Helium petrochemical 1# device was scheduled to drive in early March. 4.5, urea: export expansion of head urea from overseas decreased, and domestic or self-sufficient gas, coal and oil were the three main ingredients for fertilizer production, commonly referred to as gas head, kerosene head, and oil head.
Coal-head urea is urea produced from coal as a raw material. In terms of the productive structure, the country is now dominated by coal-headed urea, which accounts for 77% of the total, and gas-based urea, which accounts for only 23%. Since 2016, as urea prices have fallen and domestic supply side reforms have advanced, excess domestic urea production has been phased out, and in recent years urea in the country has declined.
Production and apparent consumption of urea are also decreasing from year to year. 4.5.1, urea demand: fertilizer-based demand is stable, urea downstream demand is predominantly fertilizer-based, followed by man-made plates and melamine.
Seventy-six per cent of urea is used for fertilizer production. In the area of industrial demand, 4 per cent of urea is currently used for the manufacture of man-made panels and 4 per cent for the production of melamine. Historically, the demand for urea has been relatively stable, and the apparent consumption for 2010-2018 has fluctuated between 5,000 and 60 million tons.
Fertilizer demand is dominated by demand for food sowing, with limited policy implications. The agricultural demand structure is dominated by demand for food sowing such as wheat, maize, rice, and so on, while rice and wheat sowing was stable in 2010-2018. Although there has been a small decline in maize sowing to remove maize stocks from 2016, there is a demand for urea.
In addition, in March 2015, the Ministry of Agriculture issued the Actors for Zero Growth in Fertilizer Use by 2020, which proposed that by 2020, the initial development of a system of scientific fertilizer management and technology, with clear levels of scientific fertilizer application, would result in zero growth in the use of major crops and fertilizers. In terms of agricultural demand, therefore, we do not expect much in the future.
Figure 42 urea demand: mainly agricultural fertilizer, demand for fertilizers has been declining from 2016 onwards. Figure 44: urea agricultural demand structure: predominantly food sowing
Figure 45: In recent years, there has been little change in the size of the main crop sowing area The demand for man-made plates: growth is stable and supports the growth of urea demand. The use of man-made plates is extensive, mainly in the areas of architectural decorations, panels, furniture, floors, windows, packaging materials and sports cultural supplies.
Of these, approximately 65 per cent were used for furniture production, 15 per cent for construction, about 8 per cent for packaging and container flooring, and about 7 per cent were others (including household electrical casings, fitness devices, bowling alleys, toys, interior panels, crafts, etc.), which have been affected by supply-side reforms in recent years, with many slabing enterprises continuing to phase out their backward capacity, introducing production lines, etc.
Meanwhile, from 2016 to 2018, national timber production increased annually, providing a better supply of raw materials for the development of the slab industry. According to data from the National Forestry and Grassland Administration, the overall production of the slab industry increased in 2012-2018, at an average annual compound rate of 8%, while the output increased at a compound rate of 6% over the same period.
According to data from the Institute of Research for the Forward-looking Industry, in 2018, the production of man-made plates increased by 4.43 per cent in comparison to the previous year, reaching 299 million cubic metres, an increase of 2.98 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and the total output of the forestry secondary sector grew by 3.07 per cent. Overall, the steady growth of the man-made-plating industry has provided a better basis for steady growth in urea demand.
Figure 46: Demand for man-made panels: Mainly concentrated in the area of renovation, construction, Figure 47: Production of man-made panels: Industrial development is more stable; melamine prices are close to the average industry cost line and supply and demand patterns are expected to improve.
The overall price has fallen to a low point in 2019, after a small increase in 2016-2018. Currently, the total capacity of melamine is surplus, and according to creative data, the price per ton of melamine-pressure products has reached a historically low price of around $5,200 per ton.
On the other hand, there is a lack of willingness on the part of foreign customers to purchase melamine, the volume of melamine exports has declined significantly from previous years, export prices have continued to decline, and melamine prices have been reduced on the basis of these two factors. But the price of melamine is now close to the average cost line in the industry, and most companies are reluctant to lower it.
The price of the period has also been steady and the demand has been rising steadily in recent years, and we expect future melamine, figure 48: melamine demand: mainly impregnated paper, mainly plated, figure 49: melamine price: dropped to average industry cost line
Figure 51: Overcapacity in the melamine industry, selected exports
In 2018, the country ' s total urea production capacity was 8.404 million tons, yielding 50.19 million tons. According to data from the Samdong Province Fertilizer Industry Association, the average annual price of the domestic urea market was 1.996 tons in 2018, a five-year high, an increase of around 19 per cent compared to the previous year.
In the Middle East, the United States, where gas is abundant and cheap and foreign urea is not expensive in recent years.
The drop in domestic urea exports, after hitting the domestic average cost line of $220 for coal head urea, and the industry’s lower rate of start-up and the phase-out of marginal production in the country. The expansion of air head urea overseas and its introduction into production have further led to a steady decline in global urea prices, with about 70% of urea in the country being coal-made, with one competitive advantage.
Global urea capacity is generally expanding, and prices will be further depressed in the future. In 2019-2021 alone, Central and South Asia will have about 14 million tons of new capacity, while India is accelerating its urea expansion, aiming to achieve it as soon as possible.
China continues to push urea to produce and to phase out backward fixed-bed production processes. According to Ifa, global urea capacity is projected to grow significantly in 2019, low-cost offshore urea will continue to be invested, and we expect further reductions in urea exports in the future.
Otherwise, the CIF will not have a significant price advantage over the domestic average, and we expect the country to become a self-sufficient supply and demand pattern at that time.
5. At the bottom of the cycle, it is highlighted that companies are expected to return to growth in the future, but in the first three quarters of 2019, the company achieved a net profit of $1.912 billion. We believe that the prices of each product are now at the bottom of the cycle, and that if the product booms, the company’s performance will continue.
Performance elasticity measures are shown in table 20, e.g. 1.8 million tons of urea sales, if the price per ton of urea (taxation for new production capacity to ensure future development of the company. The company is building new 166,000 tons of adipic acid and 300,000 tons of anamide and nylon materials projects, which we expect to be operational in the first quarter of 2021 and are expected to be realized on an annual basis.
At the end of January 2020, there was a new coronary virus pneumonia epidemic in the country, with an outbreak occurring during spring break.
Most enterprises throughout the country have stopped work and resumed work has been delayed, but the company ' s spring festival period has been continuously produced and, as of 7 February, the company ' s production had not been significantly affected.
We made the following assumptions about corporate profitability projections: (1) assuming that the new adipic acid project would be fully operational by the end of June 2021, the 2021 adipic acid capacity would be (2) 2019-2021 and the average price (excluding taxes) of raw coal would be $553 per ton, 562 per ton,
The average price (excluding taxes) of feedstock benzene is $3,860 per tonne, $3,858 per tonne, $3,805 per tonne, and the average price (excluding taxes) of raw acetylene is $6,360 per ton, $6,398 per ton, and $6,389 per ton, respectively. (3) Acetic anhydride is less productive, assuming that the product of acetic acid and its derivative plates is merely acetic acid.
(4) We combine butol, octanol, and split performance. New projects are not as fast as expected, oil prices are falling and product prices are falling.