In the context of low oil prices, the depth of the core value of the company is evident.
The level of profit has fallen slightly, but it has benefited from the efficient and stable operation of the company’s line of production, the maintenance of its multi-product production at a high level, and a sustained breakthrough in its effective production, which has continued to provide the company with a “blood-building” capability. Multi-line layout to withstand the impact of oil price drops on the coal industry.
The industrial sector, based on gasification platforms, expands the industrial chain in both directions. Agricultural assets have a relatively stable profit base under the volatile oil energy chain, with companies adjusting through the production line of ammonia, and can significantly avoid the combined effects of oil price fluctuations on chemical products.
In the field, the company has developed a supply chain for refined chemical raw materials and raw materials for the chemical fibre-optic industry, the three-methamphetamine and acetic acid products have been deployed downstream mainly in multiple areas such as feed additives, medicines, adhesives, close downstream raw material supplies, good industry patterns, and relatively minor extended shocks from falling crude oil prices.
1. Cost Control Increased Profiting Center, Multi-chain Layout Optimizes the construction of a “buffer zone” for many years and continuously improves the resistance to risk. Since 2016, the company has achieved a unified and coordinated layout of the gasification platform with the third set of gasification devices, which has been declining.
2. " Effective regulation of downstream product production, diversification of risk-based coal consumption and electricity consumption of products, calculated in terms of synthetic ammonia costs, which, after three years of continuous improvement, is expected to achieve about $175 million through technological process optimization in the previous period of the company in comparison with the period of a major drop in oil prices in 2016. "
3. " Cost-control advantages are prominent and corporate savings are re-emerging, thereby upgrading the company ' s profit centre in the industrial chain; through process optimization and production line alignment, the company ' s single ton of ethanol fell by more than 15 per cent in 2019, and the product adipic acid has a cost advantage in leading industries. "
The company’s cost advantage has been consolidated, maintaining a level of profitability ahead of the industry.
In the first quarter of 2020, crude oil was driven by a combination of supply and demand, partial petrochemicalization and extension, loss of cost support for extended products, overlaying the demand for the epidemic, and a marked downward trend in product prices. As a coal-industrial pole company, the company was partly affected by the relative price space of “oil-coal”.
The sub-oil prices have fallen rapidly, and domestic coal prices have yet to react clearly, and if crude oil prices remain low, coal prices may be relaxed, thus partially repairing the profit margins of the coal industry. Companies have developed well and well over the years, with multiple product layouts and cost advantages, to counter cyclical fluctuations.
The risk is high, with the impact of lower crude oil prices and the new crowning epidemic, the price of some of the company's products is below the risk of high volatility in crude oil prices: the risk of a significant deterioration in downstream demand: the price of the end product falls sharply.
In 2019, the company achieved operating income of $14.19 billion, down 1.16 per cent from the previous year, resulting in a net profit for the mother The gasification platform operated efficiently and steadily, with operations operating at a heavy load. In 2019, as a result of product price movements, the company as a whole experienced a slight drop in revenue and profitability levels, but benefited from the efficiency of the company's production lines
Stable operations, high production levels of company multi-products, high-premium operations of gasification platforms throughout the year, sustained breakthroughs in the company's effective production through company equipment connectivity and technological adaptation, and continued to provide the company with “blood-building” capabilities.
The release of new production capacity in grade and urea and the significant increase in fertilizer production by the company in 2019 gave the company ample room to regulate agricultural and chemical products.
Figure 4: Changes in the profitability of the company's products Technology optimizes the efficiency of production lines and production costs of the product. In 2019, the number of company employees was 3921, a 5% increase in the same year, and per capita remuneration exceeded $210,000, an 11% increase in the same year.
And companies, through technological improvements and process optimization, continue to increase the productivity of their production lines and multiple operations achieve a further reduction in unit manufacturing costs, thus continuously building barriers to industry competition by reducing their own production costs in the process of cyclical fluctuations in the industry.
High R & D investment continues to drive companies to “reduce efficiency gains.” Over the years, firms have continued to invest in high levels of R & D and have continued to upgrade their production processes through technological optimization.
The Division continued to reduce efficiency gains in the existing industrial chain, with R & D spending of $468 million, roughly the same amount as in 2018, while the company introduced a large number of R & D personnel to develop technological R & D and process optimization for existing and future new products such as HSD, with significant R & D inputs and staff reserves, and the public
The division will continue to widen the cost gap with its competitors in the industry and build a competitive advantage. The company has developed for many years in an orderly, robust and risk-resilient manner.
A solid foundation for development. After many years of development, companies have achieved a good upstream and downstream industry chain layout in their areas of operation, with continuous improvement in their efficiency, while building on the company’s own strong blood-building capacity, with its own capital for the next phase of the industry, the asset-liability ratio is down from year to year.
Low levels of indebtedness, high operational efficiency have effectively reduced individual risks for companies, and in the case of industrial fluctuations, the price of oil has fallen.
This affects the dual effects of demand, the acceleration of international crude oil to historical lows, the rapid expansion of “oil” and “coal” prices, and the short-term impact on the functioning of the coal industry.
Since 2020, international crude oil prices have fallen, and in March they began to be affected by an increase in the supply of crude oil, the demand for the impact of the epidemic, the acceleration of international crude oil to historical lows, the rapid increase in the price space between “oil” and “coal” and the short-term impact on the functioning of the coal industry.
The pattern of our “more coal, less gas and less gas” over the years has made our low-carbon industrial chain identical.
There are significant differences in global industrial chain development, and coal, one of the main sources of the country's carbon chain development, has evolved into a relatively rich industrial layout, and with gasification technologies continuing to improve, the new coal industry has been able to expand rapidly, leading to the expansion of coal from energy to chemical products.
As a core product of the new coal industry, ammonia dominates the industrial development base. As the coal industry continues to break through, the range of products produced by coal industry continues to expand, resulting in the production of synthetic ammonia and methanol in methanol and synthetic ammonia and above, both of which are based on coal as raw materials, thus serving as the base chemical.
Products, our coal-based ammonia products account for only a limited share of the global industrial chain, but they dominate the domestic coal industry chain. The differences in downstream applications of ammonia are clear, but early production linkages and cost factors have led to prices of ammonia products moving away.
In the downstream applications of synthetic ammonia, more than 70% of the products are used for downstream nitrogen fertilizer production, mainly urea production, except for some 1-2% of the products used in chemical production, while methanol is the bulk of the underlying chemical products, which are used mainly in chemical products such as aromatic hydrocarbons, formaldehyde, acetic acid, etc.
The development of agriculture and chemical products is more marked, but the prices of synthetic ammonia and methanol are roughly the same, given that most of the country's early gasification industries have adopted a production line layout based on co-production of ammonia, which, based on the same gasification raw materials, has developed into a long-term development of the industry.
The integrated layout of the methanol industrial chain continues, and the differences in the direction of ammonia are increasing. As the mto-vinyl hydrocarbons process matures, the share of mto/p downstream applications rises, while traditional methanol should be gradually matured with development, and the share is compressed, and new applications such as methanol downstream to vinyl hydrocarbons.
The focus has been on the development of integrated chains of methanol production, with a significant reduction in new installations for sulfur cogeneration. At the same time, due to early gasification, which is mainly based on fixed-bed production processes, high production costs, high environmental pollution, and small-scale backwardness following the country’s increasing environmental protection requirements.
The mechanisms for regulating the association of ammonia were gradually broken. Figure 12: Downstream application of methanol. Figure 13: Changes in production of synthetic ammonia and methanol in the country (tonnes)
The demand for fertilizer downstream is relatively rigid, and synthetic ammonia is directly affected by supply and demand. The use of synthetic ammonia downstream is mainly for the production of fertilizer products. As a major agricultural country, fertilizer demand is high and rigid, and the demand for the product as a whole is relatively flat, except for seasonal factors in farming.
The overall production of urea for large downstream products is relatively stable, with net urea exports of about 4.76 million tons in 2019, or about 9% of urea production. Crude oil prices fall, and the cost of offshore urea will fall, but the overall share of urea exports in the country is low, if prices fall abroad or there is a slight export of urea to the country.
Impact, but relatively limited. Chart 14: Changes in urea production and exports (tonnes) Figure 15: Disparities in domestic and foreign prices of urea ($/t)
Methanol has increased in association with oil prices, which have fallen or will drive the price of methanol under pressure. The increasing share of methanol-based hydrocarbons has led to the involvement of methanol in oil-led supply chains, and changes in oil prices have exacerbated the impact of oil on demand in the methanol sector through downstream reverse transmission.
The price of crude oil has fallen significantly, and continued price adjustments in the industrial chain will drive down the price of the oil-based herna products, which is the main feedstock, and in turn reverse transmission will push the price of methanol, which, as of now, has fallen to below the cost line of coal methanol in the industry and is expected to run.
▪ Combining equipment is dominated by synthetic ammonia production, with low oil prices having limited pressure on synthetic ammonia. Since 2019, methanol prices have remained low, while synthetic ammonia products have been more profitable, thus focusing largely on synthetic ammonia production in industry, leading to synthetic ammonia and urea production in 2019.
There has been a slight increase in crude oil prices in 2020, with a further increase in inter-industry co-generation equipment, little room for synthetic ammonia supply, which has a relatively limited impact on synthetic ammonia and nitrogen fertilizer supply, and a slightly more risk-resilient fertilizer product in the sub-industrial process of coalification.
Figure 17: Price differentials in synthetic ammonia and methanol products (m/t) Figure 16: Growing price correlation between methanol and petroleum III. Flexible adjustment of diversified products to optimize structure to increase combined pressure resistance
The company, as a typical coal industry, has a long-term multi-product integrated layout route to produce a combination of ammonia with advanced water flaring and gasification processes, and the company has become a minority in the current industry, thanks to the two-way extension of agriculture and chemicalization.
Production firms with a capacity to regulate. With the diversification of ammonia, the volatile oil energy chain in the agro-assembly sector, with a relatively higher profit base, and with the production line adjustment of ammonia, companies are expected to avoid the combined effects of crude oil price fluctuations on chemical products to the maximum extent possible.
The company has developed two main directions in terms of the distribution of chemical products: the supply chain of refined chemical materials based on products such as trimethylamine and acetic acid; and the fibres of products such as ethylene, adipic acid and dmf.
The industrial raw materials supply chain. Compared to the general industry, the chemical fibre chain is closely linked to petroleum refining, the industrial chain transmission effects are direct, the epidemic affects demand in combination with oil supply pressures, and the chemical fibre chain will face both costs and demand, and will therefore be involved in the coalification extension of the chemical fibre chain.
Products and pressures are relatively high. The company ' s layout of trimethylamine and acetic acid products downstream is mainly applied in a variety of areas, such as gavage additives, medicines, glues, close downstream supply of raw materials subject to extended shocks of 3.1. The acetic acid industry competes in an orderly manner and has a basic profit margin.
Acetic acids are relatively stable and competitive. After many years of development, acetic acids have gradually moved into mature industries, with regional Acetic acids largely forming a relatively stable customer supply structure, a more orderly competition and a relatively good profit margin for products.
The kimono synthesizing, but the domestic purchase of methanol for acetic acid, with the exception of Serranis and Nanjing bp, is based on gasification and integrated industrial chain layout, with the product itself mainly influenced by supply and demand, and the price of acetic acid being limited by a downside price of methanol.
After July 2019, after the explosion of the gas plant in the Pyramid industry, the production safety requirements for the acetic acid industry rose significantly, and there was a significant increase in the number of acetic acid companies overhauls. At the same time, due to the relative synergy of the industry as a whole, in-house firms can regulate the supply of products by overhauling or voluntarily reducing the load of start-up work, resulting in acetic acid.
The product as a whole maintains a relatively good profit margin. The overall acetic acid price differential shows that the profit level of the acetic acid is partly influenced by methanol products, but the overall impact is relatively limited.
The company performed a combination product design during the production layout of the organamide product, which further separated the population through methanol, synthetic amino catalysts and synthetic methamines.
Products such as dmf and triamamine. Trimethylamide is used mainly in feed additives, pharmaceuticals, organic synthesis, and downstream demand is rising steadily. Although there are nearly 10 dmf production enterprises in the country, only Walluheungl, Anyang, Ruthy Chemical, Jiangsan Chemicals are small due to technical and scale constraints
Since 2008, when the company began producing high-end triamine products, it has been able to produce more than 100,000 tons of effective production capacity, with a market share of more than 70%, with both cost and technological lead.
dmf is subject to demand in the short term, and the organochlorine operation is flexible in adjusting the production structure. dmf, as a wide-ranging organic solvent, is more widely used in the chemical-optic industrial chain, such as polyurethane, titanium, ammonia.
The impact on the overall organochlorine industry has been significantly reduced by reducing the supply of dmf products and increasing the production of products from the corporate advantage product Trimethylamine. dmf market share has continued to rise, and the market impact has deepened further.
The domestic demand of dmf has stabilized at 600,000 tons, and in 2019, through environmental regulation and trade shuffling in recent years, dmf was able to go down to 1.01 million tons, of which the effective capacity was about 950,000 tons, and Cr5 was close to 80%, with a marked increase in industrial concentration.
By mid-year, the company is expected to close its 180,000 tons of dmf capacity, upgrade its dmf capacity on the basis of technology, approximately 100,000 tons, and gradually release it in accordance with market conditions. Through this conversion, the company ' s market influence in the dmf sector has been further enhanced, with the company adjusting its own connection line of production.
The profits from the meth products will be relatively stable.iv. Sustained optimization of costs, increasing the base profit space of the production line 4.1. Gasification costs have significant advantages, increasing the base profit space in the preceding period.
In 2014, the company launched the traditional industrial upgrading and cleaner production integrated use project, replacing the stationary gasification unit in the old plant and one in the nitrogen fertilizer project to build 1 million tons of ammonia production capacity.
By connecting all gas-gasification units to pipelines, developing a unified centralized management of gas-gasification platforms, rationalizing the configuration of the former ammonia, ethanol, and gas tri-productivity, which is expected to outperform 3.6 million tons. Since 2016, the company ' s new capacity replacement and platform connectivity have significantly increased the use of the previous product line
The technology continues to be optimized to increase the base profits of the coal industry. Since 2016, the company has continued to optimize the technology and process upgrades of the previous line of gasification, using a large volume of water syrup gas furnaces for scale production, and to implement gasification equipment through the “open one” gasification installation.
Efficient and continuous operation and lower depreciation of equipment. Through multi-line connectivity and process improvement, companies continue to reduce coal and electricity consumption of their products, thereby increasing their cost advantages in the area of platform production and upgrading the company ' s profit centre of the industrial chain. From 2016 to 2019, the company achieved process improvement.
Tons of ammonia have been reduced by more than $50. Chart 26: The company’s previous gasification production costs have been continuously reduced (in terms of synthetic ammonia costs, yuan/tons) The supply of raw materials for the chemical fibres industry is based on cost optimization.
The chemical chain raw materials, the size of the product market, the relative dispersion of suppliers, the typical bulk of chemical products, the limited bargaining power of producing firms, and the impact of the industrial chain. Thus, in product cyclical fluctuations, cost optimization is the basis for risk protection and for ensuring the profitability of the product.
4.2. The profitability of coal-based ethanol has been affected by the rapid expansion of the domestic import dependence of ethanol by the cost-benefit construction company “buffer mats”. ethanol is a basic organic material that can be used for the production of a variety of products such as polyesters, anti-frozen fluids, lubricants, paints, etc., in their downstream applications.
More than 90% of all products are used in polyester production. With the rapid growth of our polyester industry, demand for ethanol has increased significantly. Early ethanol is mainly produced in quartz-based ethylene, and the market demand for ethanol is about 70%, owing to the country’s limited oil resources and severe capacity shortages.
The product gap, and as the domestic ethanol industry continues to grow, the self-sufficiency of ethanol has increased, and the dependence on imports has declined. Nevertheless, we still need to import ethanol from Saudi Arabia, Taiwan, and Canada to meet market demand, and the domestic ethanol market remains.
Domestic firms are building large-scale ethanol production lines, and ethanol production is increasing rapidly. While ethanol downstream polyester production is still increasing, domestic import dependence on ethanol remains high.
In 2019, our production of ethanol increased twice as much as in 2010 and rose to 10.7 million tons.
In the production of ethanol, it is divided into three main production routes, namely, oil heads, gas heads, and coal heads. Due to differences in our resource endowments, the country has continued to develop coal ethanol technology, which has been developed through a variety of pathways and obtained by the herbate method.
A successful breakthrough began in 2016 with the construction of the national coal ethanol project, which, by 2019, was close to 4.8 million tons of coal ethanol production capacity, while the coal ethanol project began to grow in capacity as production technology improved.
Figure 30: The main production path of ethanol – the profit margin for coal-based ethanol is being lost at low oil price costs. Although coal-based ethanol has grown rapidly in recent years, accounting for almost half of the country’s production capacity, globally, ethanol is overseas.
Still dominated by coal head and gas head, more than half of the country’s ethanol needs to be imported, and oil headlines are still leading the industry. Since 2020, a sharp drop in crude oil prices has led to a sharp drop in oil head ethanol’s costs, which, after losing cost support, has led to a sharp drop in the price of ethanol, based on process B.
The cost of diol is calculated for the profit of the country ' s currently mainly integrated oil-head ethanol producers, and the profit margin for coal ethanol is being lost.
Corporate costs are based on coal, and costs are calculated on a single basis at the current stage of coal prices — to build the material advantage on the platform base and to reduce the profit pressure on ethanol. As a typical representative of coal-based ethanol, the profit margin for ethanol has declined rapidly as oil prices come down.
After 50,000 tons of ethanol test line operating experience, the company ' s investment cost of 500,000 tons of ethanol fell by 13.4 per cent compared to the forecast, resulting in a rapid decline in investment in single tons of acetic acid, the efficient operation of products and significant operating costs of pressurizing the lower production line; and a significant increase at the end of the raw material, based on the advantage of the synthetic gas cost of the gasification platform.
Reducing product costs: Further compressing steam and electricity costs through the integration of thermal power in the park. 500,000 tons of ethanol were produced in 2018, and after more than a year of upgrading and optimization, the company ' s single ton cost of ethanol was reduced by more than 15 per cent, depending on platform advantages, campus support, process optimization, and
The price of crude oil is low, and the company’s cost of ethanol can be largely at the same level as that of extra-stellar cerebral oil, creating a good price “buffer cushion” compared to the level of the coal-based ethanol industry.  Most ethanol producers are not profitable, and the price shock of ethanol is expected to ease.
The petroleum refining industry chain, most domestic producers of ethanol at this stage of product prices, are in a state of loss, overall industry earnings have fallen to historical lows, accompanied by a gradual improvement in the incidence of both domestic and external epidemics, lower demand for polyesters is expected to return to normal gradually, and the price impact of ethanol is supported by cost.
4.3 The adipic acid sector is polarized, multiple layouts are constructed to build barriers to competition Demand is slowly growing and industry is maturing. The adipic acid is an important organic binary acid, and the product owner is to be used in the production of materials such as downstream nylons and polyurethane.
As a result of the break-up of the outbreak, the country has gradually become a product exporter from a self-dip acid-dependent importing country, but with a gradual slowdown in downstream demand, the development of the self-dipose sector has gone through a process of intensive expansion of production capacity to structural phase-out.
Figure 35: The production and consumption of adipic acid in the country (tonne tons) is polarized and the industry is facing structural adjustments. Since 2012, the ethylene process has matured and the domestic production of adipic acid has expanded rapidly, resulting in a high level of productivity in the industry.
By 2019, the industry was still at a low level, with an overall capacity utilization rate of only 60 per cent, a marked polarization of the industry, a steady start in industry and a steady start in some of the firms, and a lack of continuity in the start of some of them and a lack of capacity in some of them.
The company's dual-process layout reduces the overall production costs. The adipic acid has been developed to gradually replace the raw material for production, with benzene used as the feedstock, the production path for the adipic acid has continued to be optimized, the earliest cyclohexane process has been used more widely in the country, and the subsequently upgraded cyclohexane feedstock has been depleted.
High purity is the main option for new devices. In 2012, the company produced 160,000 tonnes of cyclohexane and cyclohexane, respectively, and, through the dual layout of the production process, the company can digest the cyclohexane production line.
By-product cyclohexane, the use of feedstock benzoene to effectively reduce the production costs of the whole diacid product and the co-location of the whole production line. The company currently has 50% of the ethylene and ethylene processes, which will be followed by the future production of the company's lysene product line, and the cyclohexene process will be further enhanced.
The advantages of the company’s overall dual-process layout will be more pronounced, and the cost advantages of the adipic acid will be further enhanced.
The company uses coal as its source to produce nitrates and hydrogens for its own supply, and calculates costs in a uniform manner at the current stage of coal prices.
▪ As crude oil prices go down, the price of the raw material benzene is lost, the price of the products adipic acid is reduced relatively slightly, and the product price difference is repaired slightly in the short term.
V. Profit forecasting and investment proposals  One quarter, due to the outbreak of a new coronary outbreak, both inside and outside the country, domestic chemical industries are affected to a certain extent, while companies are located in Shandong Province, close to Hebei Province, during which the company produces essentially
The recovery has been relatively rapid, with firms such as downstream optics and other industries gradually recommenced, and the company’s production is now on track.  Multi-line layout to withstand the impact of oil price drops on the coal industry.
In the chemical industry, the industrial chain is extended in both directions by gasification platforms. By agriculture, chemical extension, the company has the ability to regulate a combination of ammonia, the agro-assembly industry is highly volatile in the oil-energy chain, has a relatively higher profit base, and the company can be expected to avoid it to the maximum extent possible by adjusting with the ammonia production line.
Oil price fluctuations have a combined effect on chemical products. In chemical products, companies have developed a sophisticated supply chain for chemical materials and a layout for chemical fibres. The company layout of trimethylamide and acetic acid products is mainly applied in multiple areas, such as feed additives, medicines, glues, etc., close to downstream.
The supply of raw materials is subject to a relatively small extended shock from the decline in crude oil prices. The multi-year cost of optimizing the construction of a “buffer zone” has continued to increase risk resistance.
Connected, integrated and coordinated deployment has enabled the gasification platform to continue to operate efficiently and continuously. Through multi-line connectivity and process improvements, companies are reducing coal consumption and electricity consumption of their products in terms of synthetic ammonia, and after three years of continuous improvement, compared with the oil price drop in 2016, the company passed technology in the previous section.
Arts optimization is expected to achieve cost savings of about $175 million, thereby upgrading the company’s profit center in the industrial chain. With the advantage of the previous platform, the company’s ethanol, adipic acid production process, and ancillary facilities have continued to improve, further entrenching the cost advantage of the product, which can be maintained as crude oil prices fall.
Crude oil prices have fallen to a low level, coal prices may have eased, and it is hoped that some of the profits in the coal industry will be restored. In the first quarter of 2020, crude oil was substantially lost, partly petrochemical, and partly petrochemical.
Extended products lose cost support, add up the demand for the epidemic, and there is a clear downward trend in product prices. As coal-industrial poles, companies, with relatively high risk resistance through diversified layouts and cost advantages, are affected by the relative price space of “oil-coal” this time as a whole.
Oil prices have fallen rapidly, and domestic coal prices have yet to respond significantly, and if crude oil prices continue to be low, coal prices may be relaxed, thus partially repairing the profit margins of the coal industry. Depending on the current state of the company’s distribution products and our judgment on the future development of the industry, various parts of the company are expected.
The operational performance is projected as follows: Annual exposure to a significant drop in crude oil prices, combined prices for some products, and expected downs in prices for products related to the chemical fibre chain, fertilizer, acetic acid, trimethylamine, etc.
(b) Product production and marketing: Fertilizer products are relatively volatile compared to chemical products, and companies remain in synthetic ammonia-line high-volume production, acetic acid production, at low oil prices
The industry pattern is relatively stable and the company's sales are expected to be largely stable; downstream demand for products such as ethanol and adipic acid in the fibre-optic industry chain has slightly affected, partly reducing product sales, taking into account the extension of dmf technology in the second half of 2020, supplementing the industry's exit capacity and increasing the sales of dmf products.
The company ' s projects such as HSD and HFA are expected to be operational in 2021-2022, but the sharp drop in crude oil prices has had an impact on the coal industry, but by splitting up the company ' s products in detail, the company ' s many products are more resistant and products such as HSD, dmf, ethanol, etc. will be omitted.
There are implications, but companies will significantly shift the associated risks through cost optimization and restructuring of production, as compared to capacity, while future new projects such as the HFA and HFA projects will provide future increases to the risk of volatile energy prices: Methanol, the company ' s intermediate product, is more correlated with crude oil prices, and crude oil
High price volatility affects downstream product prices and partially squeezes the profit margins of associated products.  Epidemic affects end demand risk: a new coronary outbreak occurs in and around the sea during the quarter, part of the company’s layout is applied to the chemical fibre industry chain, and if downstream demand deteriorates significantly, it will lead to a contraction of market demand and products.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment