Cost advantage + endogenous development, with a leader on a new step. In-depth research/basic chemical & 3-dimensional cost control, significant results.
The company ' s low-cost strategy has been very effective, mainly in controlling costs from three dimensions: first, the process company is the first company in the country to use the water pulp plus gasification process, its multi-spray-to-pump gasification technology is efficient and its efficiency indicators are excellent; and second, the company is focusing on technological change and is constantly adopting energy-saving adaptation measures to reduce production.
Cost; third, the company focuses on internal management, strictly controlling management costs, sales costs, and financial costs. "One-lined" flexible co-production. Smooth product cyclical. Companies have little downstream relevance, and companies can do inter-product, inter-system, inter-system, and product-based changes in demand in product markets.
The value of the company's products is largely related to the price. The “multiline” benefits the company in a timely manner in adjusting the product structure to maximize its benefits.
..a.a.a.a.a.a.a.b.a.b.a.b.a.b.a.b.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.b.a.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.c.c.c.c.c.c.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.c.c.c.c.c..c.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.c.c.c.c.c.c.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.b.c.
The company ' s ammonia production capacity totalled 2.0402 million tons, of which synthetic ammonia capacity was 134.2 million tons and was fully self-sufficient, and methanol production capacity was 700,000 tons. The company actively invested in fixed assets, resulting in a steady increase in efficiency and industry size through its strong internal dynamism.
• In the area of advanced high-value-added products, giving new impetus to growth The company invests in the development of the Quality Improvement for Ex-Acids project and the new nylon materials project, the lymphetamine and nylon 6 new materials project will enable the company to build an industrial chain for the lysine-heneamide-nylon 6, corporate coalification
The industrial chain is expected to expand further to higher-value-added materials downstream. The company’s “one-line” soft co-production as a coal-chemical leader demonstrates its relatively strong cost advantage, and the new project is expected to continue its cost advantage and further expand the company’s industrial chain.
2. Wallu Hisung Litt (600426) research brief: The cost of falling product prices, large fluctuations in raw material prices, the pace of new projects, etc. The advantages are significant, with new projects opening up new space.
I. The coal-chemical industry, with steady growth in its performance,1 and the inner-life development pole enterprise group, formerly the Texas Fertilizer Plant, built in 1968 and launched a technology adaptation project in 1980.
In 1990, the company first built 110,000 tons of urea per year in the same industry. After that, the company’s production capacity was expanded to 300,000 tons per year, largely on a cost-effective scale, thus establishing urea’s dominance in the company.
Starting in 1994, enterprises began to focus on the chemical industry by developing a chain of carbonated products such as methanol, formaldehyde, and organochlorine, and now the company is the world ' s largest supplier of dmf. In May 2018, a pilot vehicle for the production of part of the fertilizer-functionality project was successfully built to open the process and enter the trial production phase;
In October of that year, the 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project became operational: in December 2018, 100,000 tonnes/year melamine project (phase II) became operational. In 2019, the project for the construction of ammonium and nylon new materials (300,000 tonnes/year) was invested.
Corporate structures are streamlined, internal controls are improved, corporate shareholders meetings, boards of directors, supervisory boards and management levels are clearly defined, checks and balances are established, coordinated, and operate smoothly. Companies always view their regulatory operations as a fundamental guarantee of their health development, and they build sound internal controls.
Improving the corporate governance structure and continuously improving the normative level of operation to achieve sustained, stable and healthy corporate development.
Corporate equity structures are clear, with real control over the Shandong State Property Oversight Committee and local state-owned enterprises.4 Corporate performance continues to grow steadily, costs are being strictly controlled. Corporate performance has increased steadily over the years, with a slight decline in corporate operating income and net profits in the first three quarters of 2019, mainly in the form of a slight decline in corporate business earnings and net profits.
This is due to the decline in the product landscape, with operating income of $10.61 billion, or 2.19 per cent, compared to the same period last year; and to the cost of operating profit of 22.52, while companies are actively controlling expenditure on costs, optimizing structure and improving profits, which accounted for 7.11 per cent of the revenue collected in the three quarters of the first quarter of 2019.
II. 3D cost control, significant impact 1, advanced clean coal technology for enhanced coal use, split gasification technology according to the type of activity and the composition of the gas furnace when reacting to the internal reaction of the reactor material
Three types: stationary bed gasification, fluidized bed gasification, and gas flow gasification. The stationary bed gasification technology is represented by the Ruthie continuous gasification furnace, which has matured and stabilized and is one of the world ' s early gasification technologies, currently used by 11 companies in the country, with a total of 130 gas furnaces.
Fluid bed gasification technology, represented by the Ender furnace, is used mainly for the production of fuel gas and synthetic ammonia raw gas, which has been phased out as a result of constant pressure gasification, low gas efficiency and low carbon conversion rates. Gas flow bed gasification is divided into water syrup feed and powder gas feed, which is a process that adapts to a wide range of coal species and pollutes emissions.
Lowering, the advantage of high handling loads is most widely applied in modern gasification, of which there are 55 enterprises in the country, with a total of 159 gas furnaces in the case of ge-water gasification technologies, 37 in the case of multi-pesser-to-pump water-powder technologies, 107 in the case of gas furnaces, 22 in the case of shell-dry gasification and 28 in the case of gas furnaces.
(Note: Data on coal consumption and oxygen consumption are only available for information, mainly directly related to the coal used) Water gasification technology, developed as a gas flow bed gasification technology, is reliable and can use low-cost coal as a gas feedstock. The company was built in 2005 by the first company in the country using the water slurry-pressure gasification process.
Multi-spray-to-pump water syrup gasification technology is fully mature and is highly gas-efficient and suitable for large-scale gasification of coal, with up to 80 per cent installed and high levels of domestic production of equipment and materials. Compared to the ge (single nozzle) water slurry gasification technology for the same period, it is 5 to 19 per cent lower than coal consumption, 10 to 27 per cent lower than oxygen consumption, and 2 per cent higher than the effective gas content of production.
Under this, the multi-pesser-to-set technology used by companies is theoretically easier to megasize. From operating costs, jet-gasification technology has increased by $281.5 million over investment in gegasification technology, but it has resulted in annual savings of $40.75 million in operating costs, a recovery period of about 2, a focus on technological change, a reduction in pollution and significant economic benefits.
The company has a strong environmental awareness and values the health of its employees, is constantly adopting measures such as energy-saving modifications in production processes to reduce production costs and achieve significant economic benefits based on energy-saving consumption. For example, the company ' s new integrated recycling facility in 2006 will generate waste through three steps: gas combustion, wastewater incineration, and heat recovery.
Waste liquids are recovered. After the system's operation, the blow-out and other exhaust gases of four gas-producing furnaces were recovered, not only in a way that was truly harmless chemically treated, but also in the form of 45°C, 3.82mpa vapours of 25t/h from sewage incineration, with annual efficiency gains of nearly $20 million, and savings of $10 million in sewage biochemical treatment and hundreds of thousands of dollars in sewage. In 2010, the company addressed the new energy efficiency of acetic acid.
Water-saving modifications have been introduced to the installations as a result of post-partum water stress in the programme. By replacing boilers with urea resolution fluids, sealing water for water and recycling sewage from waste heat boilers, the amount of desalination water is reduced for the company by 79,200 m3 per year, at a production cost of approximately $3.65 million per year.
3 - Focusing on internal management, tight control of the cost during the period Average for industry (9.24%) and basic chemical industry (17.42%) Corporate regulation, under marketing companies Fertilizer Marketing Company, Chemical Marketing Company, International Trading Company, customer clothing
Business companies, with their optimal marketing structure with a clear division of labour, close cooperation, and supervision of services, have reduced marketing costs. Companies have managed to optimize the structure of products, technology, resources, markets, talent, etc. to make them more efficient, cost-effective, and generate more value. Companies have streamlined their personnel, increased their utilization, and have no subsidiaries.
The gradual system of production and the establishment of a multilayered and comprehensive system of internal control inspection and supervision has enabled the efficient operation of personnel. Figure 6: Cost rates for companies and industries (%) in recent years: Management costs (excluding R & D) for companies and industries (%) in recent years
“Multi-line” soft co-production, smooth product cyclical coal use, the pursuit of energy use, and cost minimization and efficiency optimization are key to economic efficiency. The decline in coal application costs is largely dependent on improved conversion efficiency, including the choice of efficient and clean gas technologies and the adoption of multiple linkages.
Integrated use processes for production. Multi-combined coal conversion technologies are integrated through optimized coupling to capture a variety of high-value-added chemical products (methanol, acetic acid, dmf, etc.), multiple clean secondary energy sources (gas fuels, liquid fuels, electricity, etc.), other industrial gases (co, h2, co2), and to take full advantage of the heat-to-power conversion from process processes.
Multi-combined technologies can be optimized in a combination of “combined” and “combined” ways, and it can be made more complex. The company produces water gas in three directions: one route, where the water gas is completely converted through the first and second switching furnaces, reduces the component of the water gas to the required concentration and then purifies it and sends it to synthetic ammonia, adipic acid or ethylene diol workers.
Paraphrasing: Water gas in a route is divided into two parts: a portion of the water gas is reduced to 40°C by by by-line (heating and separators) and a portion of the converted gas mix is reduced to approximately 24-25% of the sub content of the converted gas, and is purified into the methanol complex to produce methanol; a route is used to convert the water gas by-linking.
The company’s main products are fertilizers, acetic acids and derivatives, organochlorine, adipic acids and intermediates, polyols, etc.
The company’s first home-grown large-fertilizer device, after driving, conducted a scientific and technological closing on the basis of clean gasification technology, built on the connectivity of new and old factory processes and developed original composite processes for the simultaneous production of synthetic ammonia, methanol, and co.
After the completion of the 200,000-ton acetic acid device in 2009, the company further extended the “one-line three-line” process to achieve self-regulation of urea, acetic acid and polyurethane support products, creating a “one-line” revolving economy, flexible multi-products, thereby maximizing the combined use of resources.
Intersystem-to-system, park-to-park inter-product linkages, which are good markets and more profitable, and where synthetic ammonia and methanol can be purchased from the market, can be supplemented flexibly, with strong synergies, and significant combined benefits. At the same time, downstream applications vary from one product to another, and the landscape is not very relevant, allowing for a timely shift of production focus when a product landscape is affected.
If the existing projects are fully produced and the feedstock gas has a gap of 124954.5 nm3/h, the company, using a combined production process of “multiple lines”, can meet the plant's installations by adjusting the production of methanol and liquid ammonia from the production of the products and reducing the amount of raw gas available and under construction, in accordance with market demand, without increasing the raw gas production capacity of the plant as a whole.
Product and subsequent development needs to achieve a dynamic supply and demand balance for feedstock gas. Figure 15: Olamine sales and prices (tonnes, yuan/tons) Figure 16: Nondipic acid and intermediate sales and prices (tonnes, yuan/tons)
Unit price - no taxes - right axis Figure 17: Sales and prices of acetic acids and derivatives (tonnes, yuan/t) IV. Periodic growth in the production capacity of ammonia and enhancement of the efficiency of strong endogenousity
1. The company ' s existing production capacity is based on ammonia. Gasification platforms mainly produce synthetic gas, with different rates of gas from gas-based processes, so that changes in water gas can adjust the structure of downstream products. The main chemicals in the company ' s synthetic gas are synthetic ammonia and methanol, which are produced according to the company.
Process processes are aware that the upgrading of synthetic ammonia and methanol production is the basis for the diversification of corporate products and the key to endogenous growth. By the first half of 19th, the company’s ammonia production combined amounted to 2,0402 tons, or 28.70% of its total plant capacity.
In January 2005, the company ' s large-scale nitrogen fertilizer plant was successfully launched as the country ' s first model national product conversion project with autonomous intellectual property rights; in January 2007, the company ' s raw materials for a 200,000-ton synthetic ammonia plant were used locally.
In April 2010, the company completed the project on the optimization of the ammonia synthetic energy system, refining and optimizing the production apparatus to achieve energy-saving reduction, resulting in an increase in synthetic ammonia capacity of 200,000 tonnes/year. In March 2012, the company ' s new acetic energy-efficient process was upgraded.
In production, 360,000 tonnes/year were added to methanol; in August 2018, the Fertilizer Functionalization Project was successfully put into operation, upgraded a synthetic ammonia and urea production unit, upgraded equipment and technology, optimized industrial platforms and significantly upgraded synthetic ammonia production capacity to 67.2 million tonnes, thus achieving full self-sufficiency.
After increasing synthetic ammonia production capacity, the structure of the company’s products downstream is constantly being optimized. About 1 million tons of the company’s 134.2 million tons of synthetic ammonia are used for the production of urea and for the construction of urea devices, while the rest is used for the production of liquid ammonia for the purposes of dmf, nitrate and acetamine and acetamine.
3. Fixed assets are growing, productive energy is releasing efficiency gains, companies start new projects every two to three years, new product layouts and existing products are new, and the pace of expansion is stable. Between 2001 and 2010, companies invested nearly $8 billion in the construction of the country’s first nitrogen-rich national product.
In 2011-2015, the company accumulated $7.5 billion in investments to construct a multi-dimensional, flexible cogeneration system of products with clean, clean gas as a tap, moving from traditional coal-chemicals, dominated by nitrogen fertilizer production, to four main products.
In 2016 to date, the company has been actively transforming itself, following the phase-out and upgrading of relatively backward synthetic ammonia, urea devices, completion of the traditional industrial upgrading and cleaner production integrated utilization project, constant promotion of the upgrading of traditional production capacities, continuation of the Qualified Gasification Platform, active development of the downstream processing of synthetic gas,
Integration with the industrial chain of the petrochemical industry to develop high-end, high-quality, efficient new chemical materials and fine chemical products. With the launch of the project, the consolidation of construction in progress and the release of productive capacity, companies have been able to achieve a steady increase in efficiency and industry size through robust endogenous growth.
V. Looking ahead: new projects are under way, giving new momentum to growth,1 new projects are expected to contribute to the upgrading of the profit hub.1 Looking forward, companies are moving into the area of high-value-added products, further expanding the company ' s industrial chain and optimizing the product structure,
The project currently under construction will give the company the future of lysine, lysium and nylon new materials. On 19 March 2019, the company issued two announcements announcing the Quality Improvement Project for lysine diazine and the nylon new materials project.
The project has invested 1,572 million yuan in a 24-month construction period. After the project was completed, it is expected to realize an average annual operating income of 1,986 million yuan, with a total profit of 296 million yuan.
The project is expected to invest a total of $4.98 billion, with a 30-month construction period. Once the project has been completed, 300,000 tons (of which 200,000 tons are self-service), 200,000 tons of methylic acid, 6 200,000 tons of nylon, 480,000 tons of ammonium sulfide, etc. can be produced annually.
Intra-amide and nylon new materials project - building an integrated new materials industry base
Outside the country, the main consumption areas are fibres (civil, industrial, carpet), engineering plastics and food packs, and are widely used in the areas of automobiles, ships, medical products, daily supplies, electronics and electronic components. Global consumption continued to grow rapidly in 2018, with total global consumption expected to be around 6 million tons.
The company's homeoamide project is expected to continue its cost advantage. The main domestic plant currently uses the dominant production process of phenyl/phenol cyclohexone cyclohexone hyphenamide. The process includes four different production processes: sulfate hydrazine, no reduction, phosphate hydrazine, ammonium hydride.
Ammonium, cyclohexone platinide, short process, no need for sulfate/phosphate, and therefore no production of ammonium sulfate, are the current mainstream processes. The company uses the high-value technology of ammonium ammonization, while the facility currently being built by the company to support the new nylon project includes dioxyhydrate, sulphuric acid, methacid devices, and the company ' s former synthetic ammonia production.
In the month, the domestic production capacity was 3.92 million tonnes/year, with 2.9 million tonnes remaining in the next three years. In addition, the foreign production capacity has largely ceased and has been phased out due to industrial adjustments, among other things.
Next, it is concentrated on silk, engineering plastics and thin film, which are relatively small, and the demand for engineering plastics will continue to grow in the future as the automobile, high iron and other industries continue to develop. Therefore, increasing the quality of end-of-life alamine, increasing technological adaptation and increasing the proportion of its applications in high-end areas are important directions for corporate development.
The construction of the new HAP project is highly linked to the company ' s original business (combined fertilizer, synthetic gas), the production of raw materials for HFA is compatible with the company, the production technology is leading domestically, production costs are low, the cost-control technology is based on the company ' s synthesynthetic platform advantages and industry leadership, and it is expected that when the project is completed, the company will be able to perform on a further step.
The six nylons have a wide range of downstream applications and have a good development space in high-end engineering plastics. nylon 6 is the main downstream product of endamide, with strong grinding power, oil resistance, seismic resistance, high mechanical strength and heat resistance, better resistance, higher melting points, good processing performance, electronics, military engineering, railways, automobiles, textiles, agriculture, etc.
In terms of downstream applications, six nylon slices are used mainly in the field of nylon fibres, engineering plastics, and film.
In engineering plastics and thin film, the cost of nylon 6 plastics and thin film is around 28% of the consumption of nylon 6 slices, while in Western Europe, the United States, Japan and others, the cost of nylon 6 plastics and thin film is more than 50%, and our share of applications is far lower than in developed countries.
Releases, as well as high-speed developments in the automotive, electrical and electronic industries, will increase the use of engineering plastics. Figure 23: Supply and demand of nylon 6 (tonnes, %)
Other companies in the industry that do not yet have a well-developed industrial chain, have a clear cost advantage and an industrial chain advantage. vi. Investment advice and profit forecasting.
It is hoped that the cost advantage will continue and further expand the company’s industrial chain. On profit projections, we are not considering new projects.
The company's new project is expected to contribute to its performance after 2021, with a new round of growth, its first coverage, “recommend” to Deng, three years of chemical research experience, successive years of work in the Great Wall securities, Anshin securities, head of the Great Wall securitization group from 2018-2019, and in 2019, author of the Convergence Democratic Association of China's Securities Association's securities advisory qualification or considerable professional competence, ensuring that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,