Cost advantages and new products give companies the value of their investment - the Walluheinian depth report (600426) focuses on opportunities for basic heating and valuation repair after the epidemic, and chemical prices are expected to rise back.
Due to the impact of the epidemic, downstream work has been delayed, traffic has been restricted in some areas, short-term effects on commodity production, business costs and demand, and prices for corporate products have declined. But we believe that the epidemic has an advantage in the industry, and the impact on firms is short-term.
Corporate costs are lower in the industry. They are still falling. Companies build and continuously adapt their own gasification platforms, with the advantage of low processing costs and short repair time in the industry. Companies are constantly searching for products suitable for their own gasification platforms in the market for coal-chemical products, by reducing investment and processing.
Cost and maintenance of the lowest management costs in the industry, resulting in excess investment value. Exploration of higher-profit products that can be produced by gasification platforms
Based on low-cost gas gasification platforms, the company is expected to contribute in 2021-2022 to higher-value products such as domestic anhydride, nylon6 and lysotid acid, taking advantage of the production of petrochemical products in Shandong, where the company has lower processing and management costs in the country and replicates its pre-existing excellence by expanding production lines.
The new product lines add more value, and production can be softly regulated by the platform.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a tax-free trader on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
China Sea International Centre, No. 177 B, 17 Shandong Luhing Chemical Co. Ltd. (“Waluhing Lit” hereinafter “the Company”) is a modern industrial enterprise with a multi-industry association whose main products are urea, ethanol, methanol, acetic acid, etc.
The company became a leader in the fertilizer industry in Shandong Province in the year 2000 and was launched in 2002.
In 2004, the company built a new production line of 40,000 tons of methylenedioxymethamphetamine (dmf) per year. In 2009, the company completed a project of 200,000 tons of acetic acid per year. In 2015, the company launched a production line of 600,000 tons of nitric acid per year. In 2016, the company invested in a project of 500,000 tons of ethanol per year.
During the year, the company ' s dedicated railway line was opened, breaking bottlenecks in the transport of raw materials and finished products in the factory area.
Figure 1: Corporate equity structure. New chemical industries where companies are multi-occupiers, the main business includes the production, sale, generation and heating of chemical products and chemical fertilizers. Major products: fertilizers, acetic acids and derivatives, organochlorine, adipic acids and other products.
By product, corporate urea and polyol production continued to grow, and the production of organamines, adipic acids and intermediates, acetic acids and derivatives stabilized.
2.1 Fertilizers and melamines account for the largest share of the main business of the company. Fertilizers are an important agricultural production resource and an important guarantee of agricultural production development and national food security.
The company's main product is urea, which belongs to the nitrogen fertilizer industry and is used mainly in agricultural production and industrial processing, granules, mainly in bag transport. The company's “friendship” urea is present in Shandong, Hebei, Henan, Anhui, Northeast and parts of the South.
Due to supply-side reforms, safety and environmental protection, rising prices of raw materials, downstream demand, international markets, etc., the urea industry has been operating at around 61 per cent in 2018 and prices have increased on a year-on-year basis. In 2018, the domestic urea market, with an average annual price of 1996 yuan/tonne, rose by about 19 per cent over the past five years.
Figure 6: Fertilizer harvests and Māori rates, domestic supply of nitrogen has also been shrinking and prices have fallen, followed by a low price of nitrogen in 2017 and 2018.
Figure 8: Domestic synthetic ammonia monthly production. Traditional fixed bed gasification is a smoke-free block, and company installations have adopted coal as the main raw material.
Market demand for urea is mainly based on fertilizers and melamine. Figure 10: Fluid ammonia, synthetic ammonia prices urea produced the most in East, South and West Asia, with East Asia accounting for 40 per cent of the world's production and China accounting for global production
From April 2018, the value added tax for fertilizer companies was adjusted from 11% to 10%. Melamine: due to the low cost of domestic urea, it is also the main raw material for melamine in the country.
A boiling reaction at 380-400°C, first decomposition to produce cyanide and further contraction to produce melamine, about 3 tons of polyurea produced 1 ton of melamine.
The total cost of the company melamine is estimated at $4100-4200 per ton, and the spot price is $5,000.
2.2 Acetic acids and derivatives Acetic acids and derivatives products are mainly acetic acids, acetic anhydride, among which acetic acid is a company-owned product Acetic acid is a basic chemical material, liquid state, tank transport.
Twenty-nine per cent of total demand, 25 per cent, pta, 18 per cent for acetic acid, and 9 per cent for chloroacetic acid and glycerine. Acetic acid, one of the dominant products of the company, has a market share of about 9 per cent.
As a result of the force majeure factors in acetic acid production caused by the 2017 hurricane in the United States, domestic prices for acetic acid moved out of the “pump-v” pattern in 2018, with an annual average price of approximately $4,450 per ton, significantly higher than in previous years. The Department’s Māori plate grew significantly by 1.36 billion yuan, or one-third of the company’s Māori.
Seventy-five per cent of industrial acetic acids are made from methanol, so that the raw materials for acetic acid are mostly methanol and carbon monoxide, with the company producing 500,000 tons of acetic acid and producing 600,000 tons of it.The company ' s organamine series consists mainly of products such as dmf, methamine, methamine and trimethylamine.
Of these, dmf is a company-led product, and 69% of the demand is in the pulp industry, where the vitamin, hormone, insecticide and veterinary industries account for 14% of the demand, while the food additive and electronics sector accounts for 17%. dmf (dimethylenediamine) is a solvent for a wide range of uses as a chemical feedstock.
The company is currently the largest manufacturing company in the world in the dmf industry.
In 2018, the dmf sector produced 950,000 tons, yielding 720,000 tons, and started 76%. The overall market maintained a dynamic balance between supply and demand, influenced by domestic supply and demand. From year-round price trends, the dmf market was supported by a rise in raw materials, cost-driven and smooth demand, and prices were high in the previous three quarters.
In bits, up to $6,000 per ton, downstream demand has declined sharply since October, resulting in a downward trend in dmf prices, down to $4,100 per ton, a significant decline. dmf (dimethylenedioxyamide) exports around 120,000 tons per year, with companies producing 250,000 tons per year.
The raw materials for dmf are mainly methanol and liquid ammonia, which require about 1.2 tons methanol and 0.4 tons liquid ammonia per ton of dmf.
The main product is the adipic acid, which is used mainly as raw material for nylon 66 and engineering plastics, as well as for the production of products such as esters, pharmaceuticals, yeast purification, pesticides, etc. White crystals, which are mainly bagged. In 2018, the market for corporate adipic acids and intermediates reached 11%. In 2018, the domestic product was already diacetic.
Real production is dynamicly balanced, except for exports and self-employment. The annual average price for 2018 is 10,000 PP2 quality upgrades based on benzene, and cyclohexol and nitrate oxidation are legally produced using cyclohexene water.
Technology for the production of adipic acid is expected to be completed by the end of 2020, with a production of 1,666 million tons, with a total investment of 1,572 million yuan.
70% of the adipic acid is used for polyurethane and the rest for raw materials such as nylon 66 and plasticizers. It is used as a polyurethane material of 70%. About 0.74 tons of benzene and 0.94 tons of nitrate per ton of adipic acid are required as raw materials. The company's own anamide capacity project will develop the cycloheptone-hexametamine-nylon 6-slice chain, which is expected to be developed.
Completion in mid-2021, with a projected total investment of $4.98 billion, which could produce 300,000 tons of vinyl amphetamine per year (of which 200,000 tons are self-used), 200,000 tons of methylate, 200,000 tons of nylon slices, 480,000 tons of ammonium sulfide, etc., is expected to recover to 1.6-17 million tons per year.
Hinonamide (cpl) is an important monomer in the production of nylon 6, accounting for about 54 per cent of the use, mainly in civil silk, industrial silk, carpet wire, etc., and it is also growing faster on engineering plastics and food packaging membranes, accounting for about 24 per cent of the use, with total global consumption of about 6 million tons in 2018, with demand growing mainly.
The company’s polyol products consist mainly of the products of isocool, ethanol, and octabutyl. Market factors have led to the company’s phased recovery of positive butol products in 2018, resulting in the production of polyols dominated by isocol, ethanol, and octabutyl.
Isocol is mainly used as a feedstock and solvent for plasticizers, with dop accounting for 53% of total demand and dotp 33% of total demand and is itself liquid and transported in tanks.
Mainly used for polyesters, anti-frozen fluids, unsaturated resins, polyurethanes, etc., also for liquids, in tanks. 2.71 million tons of domestic production of isokol, real production, 19.8 million tons in 2018, industry start-up rate, 73 per cent in 2018, real production, 1.85 million tons, industry start-up rate, 74 per cent left
From a year-round price trend analysis, the price of butol fluctuated considerably, with an average annual price of about $7,450 per tonne. Domestic ethanol production was the largest of all, with a total capacity of 10,550,000 tons, and real production in 2018.
Domestic ethanol is used mainly in the polyester industry, accounting for 93% of ethanol, and is expected to increase demand at an average annual rate of 8-10%. Overall, domestic ethanol production is under price trend analysis, and prices of ethanol are volatile, with the average price at ports around 7,200 yuan/tonne per year.
We depend heavily on imports, especially from Saudi Arabia. Imports of ethanol from Saudi Arabia in 2018 accounted for 24.8 per cent of our total demand, thus leading to large fluctuations in freight costs, import volumes and import prices for domestic imports of ethanol due to geopolitical factors.
The recent decline in stocks in the port of ethanol, particularly in the ports of Ningpo and Taikura, has been relatively high since mid-2019, compared to their counterparts. Research and development expenditures are mainly based on research and development of new products, development of new generation devices, and upgrading of old equipment.
The growth rate was about 28 per cent; in the first three quarters of 2019, the company achieved business income of $10.61 billion, resulting in a net return to the mother. In 2018, the contribution of the company's products to the harvest was more even, with the highest share of fertilizer, and, in recent years, the Māori rate for the operations varied, with a marked upward trend in acetic acid and derivatives.
The Māori ratio of polyols remains low. For business contributions to Māori, the profits from acetic acids and derivatives were highest in 2018 at 38.75 per cent of total gross profits; Māori for fertilizer at 23.36 per cent; Māori for methachlor at 22.96 per cent; Māori for adipic acids and intermediates at 12.22 per cent; Māori for polyols at 12.22 per cent;
At the lowest level, only 2.71 per cent, the firm’s three-fee share has shown a clear downward trend over recent years. The stock turnover rate has increased significantly, and the company’s inventory management has achieved a low-cost, cost-effective advantage of clean gasification, using “one-line” cycles.
The flexible multi-product operating model of the economy has made it possible to interconnect with the tri-atmosphere platform, increase resource efficiency, and indirectly increase inventory turnover and cash flow. And companies have established bid and purchase-for-money systems that enhance resource control and facilitate the timely capture of market rhythms for a variety of large-scale chemical materials.
Figure 33: Net cash flows from operating activities: Net cash flows from operating companies in 2018 amounted to $3.94 billion, surplus cash security multiplier 1.3, and the Division had a higher level of cash returns from net profits in the current period.
The Māori ratio of the company's main product is at a higher level in the chemical industry, with low numbers of company personnel, low management fees, a low profit margin in the short term and a long-term investment premium in the long term.
1. The company ' s production installations are self-built and capable of applying its production experience to a later stage of adaptation, with construction projects 2. The company ' s new installations can be refurbished for three years after delivery, while other enterprises require major repairs after one or two years, resulting in subsequent cost savings at the design stage.
(b) Transport of raw materials and products with rail lines is guaranteed and less affected by traffic restrictions;
(f) Figure 34: Comparison of acetic acetic acetic rates among domestic and industry enterprises
The management costs of companies are low among the many chemical enterprises, with a lower number of counterparts, leading to managerial efficiency and low cost.
At the end of 2019, the company announced its investment in the construction of its own new materials, amounting to 49.8 per cent.
One billion yuan, 30 months of construction. The project produces 300,000 tons of end-of-life amphetamine each year after delivery, of which 200,000 tons are for self-use, 200,000 tons of methylate, 200,000 tons of nylon 6 slices, 480,000 tons of ammonium sulfide, etc., and is expected to generate 5.6 billion yuan in annual revenues, with a total profit of 446 million yuan.
In October 2019, the company announced an investment in the construction of a Quality Improvement Project for Precision Diacetic Acids, with an investment of 1.57 billion yuan for a 24-month construction period. The project, which is based on benzene, builds an annual production of 1,666 million tons of adipic acid and is expected to generate an annual operating income of 1,986 million yuan, with a total profit of 296 million yuan.
Companies have lower processing and management costs at home, and by expanding production lines to replicate pre-existing advantages, new product lines add more value, and production can be easily regulated through platforms. The long-term decline in international oil prices is expected to weaken the competitiveness of coal-chemical products, leading to lower prices for products such as ethanol.
The price of coal has risen dramatically, the primary raw material for the company's products is coal, and the domestic price of coal will increase the cost of the company's raw materials.
Companies are required to produce chemical products in a system that is safe and environmentally friendly, and risk events will weaken the company’s laws, use legally compliant information, and produce this report independently and objectively.
The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with it as a reader, and it does not have an appropriate duty to do so. This report is confidential to the company, and if a non-resident customer receives this report, please return it and remove it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is disclosed publicly or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.