Bank i shares bankii Retail transition into a new phase of profit enhancement and asset quality optimization
Interest-bearing assets have a consistently high rate of return on listed shares (5.19 per cent for q119) and a high rate of return is largely based on high returns. The Bank of Peace has demonstrated that the quality of assets continues to be optimized: trends in negative rates change and the stock of listed shares are largely consistent (1.73 per cent for q119).
The default on non-performing loans has fallen to 97.99%, the negative rate of production has fallen, the normal loan migration rate is 3.73% low, the poor rate is in a manageable state, and the retail business history burden has been reduced. We will keep an eye on bad retail performance rates, such as credit cards and consumer groups.
A full transfer of shares would increase the capital adequacy rate of 1.09 pct at all levels or release net interest income of $2.374 billion. There is a significant advantage for the Peace Group: the efficiency of the flow of customers through the Idea Channel is highlighted.q119 net increases in the number of clients in retail sales 34.2% (closing of credit cards) and looks at the follow-up internal client conversion efficiency gains, 34.6% at the same time.
There is still room for excavation of the single customer. The trade-in-trust wealth management line is included, with a neutral assumption that trust finance would be profitable in the long term by moving into the safe and private sector, of course, and that risk management is a matter of concern.
CHOI Xiao Goose I. Development of retail business in response to the economic transition. By the end of 2018, there were 1,566 commercial banks in the country (excluding Hong Kong and Macao) (crowding out village banks, agricultural cooperatives, farmers).
There are 6 large State-owned commercial banks, 12 joint-stock commercial banks, 134 urban commercial banks, 1358 rural commercial banks, 17 private banks, and 39 foreign banks.
In comparison with listed banks, the size of large state-owned banks, especially in the industrial and agricultural sectors, is much larger than that of other banks. Beyond the four major banks, the size of the transactions and recruitments is larger, with the stock banks as a whole being larger than the city’s comptoirs, and the city’s comptoirs as a whole than the agricultural comptoirs.
The banking sector as a whole faces a steady decline in performance. The share-based commercial banks have seen a continuing downward trend in net asset growth, leverage, profit growth, and roe over the past 10 years.
Figure 4: Trends in net assets and leverage over the last 10 years in equity banks
When the gdp growth rate reached a high of 10.6 per cent, it began to decline, during which industry, as an engine of economic growth, formed the economic structure of the secondary sector, with commercial banks actively engaged in industrial enterprise development, infrastructure construction such as railways, roads and real estate development, with substantial profits becoming the main mode of operation, accompanied by the upgrading of the economic structure.
According to the troika, which boosted economic growth, consumption has gradually outpaced investment, becoming a major driver of economic growth since 2014, with an increasing contribution to the gdp pull, with consumption moving 5.03% to gdp and Bira in 2018, compared to 2.14%.
The importance of individuals and micro-enterprises in the banking structure has been greatly enhanced as a result. Taken together, the transition of commercial banks to retail business is a necessary option for the upgrading of our industrial structure and economic transformation.
Peace Bank, formerly the Deep Development Bank, was one of the country ' s first-ever joint-stock commercial banks, founded in Shenzhen Bank in 1987 in Shenzhen: securities code 000001.sz, in the deep-seated premises in April 1991; Shenzhen Development Bank, February 2012
In July 2012, the Shenzhen Development Bank changed its name to “Safe Bank” Inc. As of the end of 2018, the Bank's total assets were $34.2 trillion, with 80 branches, 1,057 outlets and 346 thousand active employees.
trillion yuan (7th), leverage 14.2th (4th) from high to low), net profit 24,818th million (7th)
On average, the structure of the bank’s income and asset structure are similar to that of the listed shares. In terms of the income structure, the net interest income is still 61% of the annual revenue of the listed shares, 27% of the net interest income, 27% of the fees and commissions, and 10% of the investment gain and loss + fair value.
Net interest income is particularly important for banks operating on a loan-based basis.In terms of asset structure, credit assets (disbursing funds + buying financial assets + loans) account for 57 per cent of the total assets of the listed equity bank, 60 per cent of the safe bank, which is dominated by loan assets, 32 per cent of investment-type assets and 26 per cent of the safe bank; cash-type assets
9%, 11%. (ii) Lum pulls retail transition, with net interest spreads or will remain high.
In 2017, the “Technology Lead, Retail Break-Up, Equivalence for the Public” approach was introduced to continue to deepen the strategic transformation of retail with a focus on three business modules: Basic Retail, Consumer Finance, Private Wealth; The year 2019 was the third year of the transformation of the Safe Bank and the year of its triumph.
We believe that the smooth bank retail transition has moved into a phase of efficiency gains, as evidenced by the slowdown in the growth of basic retail sales after the average daily balance of retail loans has either reached or reached the target date, the next step being to focus more on profit-generating capacity, namely, the lum of asset operations to boost retail capital, the opening of production aum spaces, and the intensive development of wealth management, private banking, etc.
Credit subsides opening up retail growth spaces, opening up intermediary business such as wealth management, settlement, etc.
At the end of the debt, corporate and retail deposits in its deposit structure have remained relatively stable, growing faster because of the low sales deposit base, but increasing the proportion of retail deposits has been more difficult to transform, as retail deposits are passive liabilities that depend on the combined competitiveness of banks (soft and hard power, such as product power, service power, etc.), testing banks' outreach capacity.
Even as a retail flagship bank, retail deposits are not growing rapidly as a proportion of total deposits, and the retail transition at the end of indebtedness is more a test of the bank’s overall strength and the most difficult link to the retail transition. For retail intermediaries, in addition to debit card operations, retail intermediary operations, etc.
Developments and the size of retail deposits are more relevant, and retail intermediates are also relatively difficult to develop when retail deposits are weak; while credit card operations can serve as a trigger point for intermediate operations at the asset end. Figure 17: The share of retail deposits at the end of the q119 Bank rose slowly to 22.81 per cent
The main reason for this transition is that greater investment in retail loans is easier for the retail transition. The specific categories of retail loans include mortgage loans, credit card loans, business-type loans, and consumer loans, which enable banks to control their size on their own initiative, and credit sunk to achieve rapid growth on a flat scale.
The Bank’s increased focus on retail transformation has been on the expansion of credit card operations, with credit card receivables rising from 10.25 per cent of total loans in 2013 to 24.00 per cent of q119.
The net profit contribution jumped from 41.22% in 2016 to 69.02% in 2018, and retail finance showed greater profitability than it did for the first time in wholesale finance (retailing 53.02%, wholesale 46.98%). Retail finance collected by merchant banks over the same period and pre-tax profits were 52.69%, 57.22%, respectively.
Figure 21: Retail financial collections, net profits, total assets growth (millions of yuan)2 and retail asset expansion resulting in high interest differentials
0.22 pct, higher than the average net interest margin of 1.89% of the listed shares. The higher net interest differential for the Peace Bank is mainly due to the rapid growth of retail loans and the higher rate of return on retail loans. Specific break-down of net interest differentials: net interest income/weed assets, with interest income = interest income-interest expenditure, i.e., net interest differentials
The rate of return on interest-bearing assets - interest-bearing expenditure/interest-bearing assets = interest-bearing asset rate of return - interest-bearing liability cost* (interest-bearing liabilities/interest-bearing assets), in which the ratio of interest-bearing liabilities/interest-bearing assets remains relatively stable, so that the level of net interest-bearing differential depends mainly on interest-bearing asset rates of return and interest-bearing liability cost ratios; and interest-bearing asset-interest-bearing liability rates of return on interest-bearing liabilities can also be expressed as a net profit spread, 2018
A net profit spread of 2.26 per cent is 0.18 pct less than a merchant bank, which is second in the list of shares. (1) Interest-bearing assets: the rate of return on retail loans drives the rate of return on the total interest-bearing assets up; from the income end, the rate of return on the interest-bearing assets is not only higher than the average of the listed shares, but also higher than the rate of return on the market.
First, 5.11 per cent in 2018, higher than the level of 4.34 per cent in the commercial banks; SCI ' s high interest rate of return on assets is to benefit from the relatively high returns on retail loans, and SCI ' s interest-bearing assets are divided into four main categories: loan disbursement and advances, bill discounts and joint ventures, bond investment, and deposit.
Central banks and others, of which the combined share of the first three assets rose from year to year to 93.38 per cent in q119, with returns ranging from high to low (q119), followed by loans and advances (6.61 per cent), discounts on instruments and joint operations (3.68 per cent), bond investments (3.27 per cent), deposits, asset yields, which have shown a high degree of convergence, and it is not difficult to understand the high rate of return on loans and the fact that the ratio is bound to pull the whole.
The rate of return on interest-bearing assets compensates for the drag on low interest-bearing assets. Further, the rate of return on loans and advances q119 retail loans was 7.55 per cent, 5.21 per cent for public loans, while the high rate of return on retail loans was 6.61 per cent overall, while retail loans (the average daily balance) accounted for 59.50 per cent, a high proportion, of the rapid increase to q119 since the 2016 retail transition.
The trend in the rate of return on retail loans has become the main driving force behind the overall rate of return on loans. Figure 25: The rate of return on interest-bearing bank assets maintains the industry high. Figure 27: The rate of return on loans is the guarantee of the rate of return on interest-bearing assets as a whole.
Figure 28: Retail loans are the main driving force in the rate of return on loans (2) interest-bearing liabilities: high interest liabilities are stable, savings are expected to rise to lower costs, interest expenditure on deposits exceeds overall interest expenditure by 50 per cent in cost terms, and the cost of deposits is high and low to determine the overall cost
And the importance of deposits as a high-quality low-interest liability for cost is self-evident. The interest-bearing liabilities of the Safe Bank consist of three main categories: deposits, debt securities issued, business practices and others, with a ratio of 19.86% to 2.83%, and a ratio of 12.38% to 3.85% for the bond issue group q119.
The cost of deposit is still high compared to the cost of deposit of other publicly listed equity banks (2.42 per cent in 2018, in the first place in the list), while the share of joint operations and bond issues as high interest liabilities still stands at 32.24 per cent, which is a significant drag on the cost of the overall interest-bearing liability. The cost of interest-bearing liabilities of the combined impact bank is relatively high, at 2.77 per cent in 2018, higher than the cost of listed shares.
The level of 2.54 per cent is 1 pct higher than the rate of 1.77 per cent applied to the bank. Figure 29: Higher cost of interest-bearing liabilities of the bank of Peace 30: Structure of interest-bearing liabilities of the bank of Peace 30
Figure 32: Low-interest deposits suppress overall interest-bearing debt cost rates,3 and high net-interest differentials are yet to be expected to benefit from the rapid growth in the investment of SALB-type assets, owing to the obvious delays in the high cost of interest-bearing liabilities, and the high cost of services and services.
We believe that a combination of high-yield products, mainly in the targeting of assets, has a clear support role for them. Peace banks, which have consistently maintained a good net spread in the retail transition, still have, in our view, a strong margin of interest.
At the end of the asset, retail loans still have room to optimize the internal structure after they have largely met the expectations of the safe bank, thus providing stable support for the rate of return on interest-bearing assets. In addition, retail assets are expected to maintain a higher rate of return under the broad currency-to-broad credit shift logic. At the end of the liability, we look forward to a further shift in the structure of interest-bearing liabilities towards deposits, with the optimal structure of deposits driving the overall rate of interest-bearing.
(1) Asset end: high-yield retail loans are expected to remain high-drivers, from the point of view of retail loans that have a pull effect on net interest differentials, to an average daily retail loan balance of 59.50 per cent per day up to q119, less than 1 percentage point from the long-term target of a safe bank, which is expected to reach 60 per cent in the second quarter and will remain stable.
Next, the spread can only be optimized by the structure within retail loans. Retail loans are classified as credit cards, car finance loans, consumer loans (new credit), mortgage loans, etc., with credit cards and car finance lending yielding relatively high (18% credit card, 9%-10% discount) and housing mortgage lending relatively low (slightly less).
In terms of the proportion of retail loans per subcategory, there has been a decline in the housing category, while there has been a steady increase in financial loans for automobiles and a high upward trend in credit cards (41.37 per cent at q119 speed), and we believe that, based on the relatively high return on credit cards, an increase in the ratio of high-yielding assets is an effective means of increasing the net interest differential, given the stable proportion of loans sold at zero overall.
In addition, the broad currency shift to broad credit logic establishes that while loan interest rates tend to drop, retail lending can show stronger support during the broad credit cycle. For example, the last wide credit cycle, which began in q314, was launched in September by the central bank to facilitate the asymmetrical reduction of interest rates, reducing the one-year loan base rate by 40bp to 5.6%, and the one-year deposit benchmark.
Interest rates have been reduced by 25bp to 2.75%, while the cap on the bank ' s interest rate on deposits has been raised from 1.1x to 1.2x, and the conductivity has begun to show. In 2014, the rates of return on public loans for merchant banks and peace banks have changed from mid-year to mid-year -1bp, +4bp, down from 41bp and 48bp in 2015, while the rates of return on retail loans have increased by 3bp and 34bp, respectively, in mid-2014.
Retail lending returns are more supportive. We believe that retail lending has a large customer base, small per capita amounts, and bank bargaining power, so interest rates under the broad credit cycle are reduced four times a year, and in December the central bank created a targeted medium-term lending facility tmlf, which has been further adjusted by the central bank since 2019.
We believe that in 2019, credit will gradually be established and transmitted, that bank assets are expected to accelerate growth, and that a stronger rate of return on retail loans under credit will support the overall net.
At the end of the debt: deposit ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups, there is room for cost optimization. From the end of the debt, the share of safe bank deposits in interest-bearing liabilities is continuing to rise, with q119 deposits standing at 67.76 per cent.
The savings structure has two signs to be of concern: first, based on the logic of loan-based survival payments, particularly with regard to the public sector, the smooth banking transition continues to shrink.
As the proportion of retail loans reaches the company’s long-term target, it is expected that the public loans will recover. The average daily balance of q119 retail loans has reached 59.50 per cent, less than 1 per cent of the long-term target, the growth rate of the average daily balance of public loans has been reflected, and the q119 increase has stopped and rebounded, which we consider to be one of the signals to the ceremonial tie.
The Bank of An Ito Group supports the expansion of non-lending derivative deposits, such as government finance, which also strongly supports the growth of public deposits. Second, retail deposits maintain a high rate of growth, fully demonstrating the commitment of safe banks to a solid retail base, and retail deposits, as the most difficult link in the zero-sale transition, are of great importance to the quality of the retail transition.
We believe that retail deposits are more reflective of the ability of companies to develop channels and maintain high customer stickyness. It is a matter of concern that the share of safe bank term deposits remains high, accounting for 56.68% of the daily average balance of deposits in 2018, compared with 39.36% in the same period, compared to 50.66% and 50.05% in 2015.
For the higher, the cost of q119 ' s term deposits is 3.49% and the current is 0.54%, which is a difference of 2.95pct. We believe that there is still much room for optimizing the cost of bank deposits at Ping-Aun. First, there is still room for raising the share of client deposits in the overall interest-bearing liability, and the ratio of low interest-bearing liabilities will effectively contribute to lowering the overall interest-bearing liability, while the ratio of current deposits within the sub-deposit is still expected to increase further.
Figure 40: Maintenance of low demand deposit cost rates for safe banks Figure 42: Time deposits as a percentage of total deposits still have much room for optimization III. Steady improvement in asset quality
At the same time, retail banks have a higher asset quality relative to wholesale banks, because retail operations have a natural risk-dispersing effect. The retail business often goes hand in hand with asset quality.
This is the second logical line that we see in the trade-retailing of the Safe Bank. (i) The historical burden has been gradually cleared, new credit has accelerated and optimized in 2014-15, and asset quality problems have plagued the Safe Bank. But since the transition in 2016, the safe bank rate has been poor.
There has been a steady drop in the negative rate of 1bp to 1.73% since the end of 2016. Since 2016, the poor rate of safe banks has been similar to that of listed stock houses, which are at the middle of the list.
At the end of 2014, 278% of the high point fell to 95.99% of q119. Loans more than 90 days overdue – bad loan scissors – have been gradually reduced, and improvements in the recognition of bad assets have provided a solid basis for asset quality repairs, leading to a gradual elimination of historical baggage and a steady reduction in poor rates, easing subsequent credit pressure and promoting a steady improvement in asset quality.
The Bank for Peace, driven by a two-wheel drive of “History baggage acceleration + optimization of the quality of new loans”, continued to improve the quality of its assets, and the rate of credit generation began to drop in 2016, showing that the quality of additional credit provided by the Bank for Peace continued to improve. From the migration rate, it began to decline from 7.14 per cent in 2016 to 3.73 per cent in 2018.
3.41pc, we believe that the tightening of the quality control of the new credit delivery by the Bank of Peace has slowed down the generation of non-performing loans, led to the gradual liquidation of the accumulated assets and continued optimization of the overall quality of the assets.
In terms of the composition of non-performing loans, the Bank of Peace has continued to climb in 2014 - 18, but q119 has slowed down from 9bp to 2.59% by the end of 2018. We believe that the reason for the continuing rise in the rate of public non-performing loans is the contraction of public loans and the proactive acceleration of exposure to public non-performing loans, i.e., the increase in molecular and lower denominators has led to an increase in the rate of public badness.
As can be seen from the observation of the structure of bank loans granted by the Saviour Bank, there has been a steady contraction of public bad business, from 50.51 per cent in 2013 to 27.68 per cent in 2018 (in terms of the overall adverse rate, the same line), a gradual release of the risk of bad public lending and a gradual reduction of the historical burden.
In the sub-prime sector, public and non-performing loans are concentrated in manufacturing (a year-on-year rise in bad rates, 2.08 per cent in 2013 and 6.75 per cent in 2018), commerce (a high rate since 2016 and 7.94 per cent in 2018), both of which are low on the economic landscape.
These sectors have been running at a low rate, from 0.12% in 2016 to 0.31% in 2018. In terms of social service technology, health, etc., the credit balance has risen from 5.55% in 2016 to 7.20% in 2018. We believe that the reduction in the size of public loans and the optimization of the internal structure are the strategies of the Peace Bank.
The Ministry of Industry and Commerce, which invests in public loans, focuses on new and emerging strategic sectors such as health care, social services, electronic information, etc..2 Retail loans: overall negative rates have declined steadily, and subsequent improvements are to be expected. For retail loans, bad rates have slipped rapidly since the transition to close to 1.10%.
As a result of this contraction, the overall retail underperforming trend has been curbed (the credit balance in 2013 was between 10.55% and q318 to remain below the overall underperforming rate). Remarking the statistics, we find that business loans have significantly contributed to the underperforming rate of retail loans, while the new one is poor.
Rates are similar to those of retail loans as a whole, with other consumer-type underperforming rates. Operating loans have a major impact on retail lending, mainly because of their product, the safe lending, and the high rate of poor lending, which is largely due to poor review of the quality of their assets, due to the speed with which they were invested.
In addition, the stock of safe lenders is dominated by customers in the business world, which has led to a more pronounced risk transfer effect of concentrated investments, with downside pressures on the business landscape and a concentrated risk. Safe banks started clearing their loans in 2016-2017, with a marked decline in the q318 operating loan deficit to 2.43%, mainly due to the clean-up of loan safe products. We expect subsequent stock operations to continue to shrink.
As the credit card industry rises, credit card risk will play a key role in the growth of retail underperforming rates, as described earlier.
Within retail loans, the rate of bad credit card business for the safe bank has slipped to 1.34% of q119 since the transition in 2016, but it is still greater than the 40bp rate for retail business after the credit card has been removed. We believe that, with the gradual release of public pressure, add "yes."
In the future, we will pay more attention to the risk of bad retailing, especially credit card operations. Given the small, high-frequency, natural risk-dispersing effect of retail lending, as well as the financial and technological advantages of the Peace Group and the Silver Bank, we look forward to the quality of the retail lending of the Bank being better than that of the industry.
3. Profit release: Rendering pressure reduces the elasticity of release performance; currently, the overall asset quality of the Bank is stable, and the pressure on the quality of the Bank after the digestion of “loans more than 90 days overdue – non-performing loans” has been significantly reduced. With the gradual removal of historical baggage and the optimization of the quality of the new credit, the pressure on the Rendering Bank will be effectively mitigated.
In 2013 - 17, there was an overall downward trend in the coverage of the Safe Bank, with a slight increase of 2018 - q119. This trend is mainly due to the increased recognition and disposal of non-performing loans by the Safe Bank and the optimal quality of assets after 2018.
The rate of increase in the net profit of the mother (the rate of increase in the profit before the provision was negative in 2017 due to a decrease in the turnaround), and the impact of the reduced pressure on the provision, (ii) the adequacy of core capital - the upward route open for debt swaps1 and insufficient capital adequacy constrains asset expansion
Low capital adequacy has been a stumbling block in the expansion of the assets of the bank. Whether it is capital adequacy, primary capital adequacy, or core capital adequacy, the bank is at a downstream level in the stock market, and low capital adequacy not only stifles the expansion of the bank but also reduces its risk resistance.
The move is bound to take over the bank ' s capital, which, although it has been replenished several times, has risen from 9.90 per cent in 2013 to 11.50 per cent of q119, is still at the end of the list, with the first and core levels of capital adequacy at the third and last places respectively.
Figure 54: The equity adequacy rate of the Bank of Peace at the core level is lower than the average for the publicly listed shares. The company ' s transhipment programme was approved by the CVM in December 2018, and a circular on the listing of the fungible was issued in February 2019.
The ratio of fungible debt, calculated on the basis of 9,560 million shares of the Peace Group and Life of Peace, can be fully subscribed to amount to $14,476 million, representing an increase of 33bp, 54bp, 76bp, 109bp at all levels of the Bank, or close to or above the average of the publicly listed shares.
Debt can accelerate asset expansion and ease capital pressure, while also driving profits up. When we look at q119, assuming 100% conversion, core-level capital will amount to $23,542 million, further assuming core-level capital, four, relying on the resources of the Peace Group, and financial science and technology.
The Bank of Peace relies on a secure group with a full financial license. Under the strategy of group integration, “one customer, multiple products, one-stop shop” becomes the "one customer, one-stop shop" concept of the group's clientele.
We believe that the concept of one-stop service will be effective in terms of coordination within the Peace Group, and that its rich client resources will generate a huge flow dividend for the Safe Bank. As of the first quarter of 2019, there were 191 million individual clients in the Group, an increase of 3.6% from the beginning of the year, and 11 million new clients, 31.3% of whom came from the Group.
With 34.6% of the Internet users in the five major eco-circles also having multiple subsidiary contracts, there is much room for digging. Based on the synergies within the Peace Group, IC channels are playing an increasingly important role in the flow of safe banks: q119 ICL migration adds up 74.39 million customers (deprived credit cards), accounting for a net increase in retail sales as a whole (deprived credit cards).
34.2 per cent, of which there was a net increase of 27.6 million wealth clients (asset threshold of 500,000), representing 37.9 per cent of the total net wealth customer; a net increase of $8.4131 billion in the balance of sales customer assets aum, representing 34.1 per cent of the total net balance of retail assets; a loan of $12.1 billion, representing 37.0 per cent of total issuances; and a credit card cross-distribution of 112 million cards, accounting for the total additional issuance cards.
33.7 per cent of total non-interest income accumulated in retail distribution group insurance increased by 40.6 per cent to 873 million yuan on a year-on-year basis. We believe that, as the group deepens its internal synergies, the rate of conversion of internal client resources is becoming increasingly high, with 34.6 per cent of single-client clients at the same time having more room for excavation than there is still room for aum to move more rapidly than it is to move to clients, and the phase of efficiency gains has arrived.
On October 12, 2018, Mr. Xieyonglin, Chairman of the Bank of Peace, stated that he would absorb the Peace Trust's wealth management line and further build up the overall strength of his private bank.
The number of clients is close to 12.72 million (the Bank of Peace standard is set at 6 million, below 10 million). We believe that the Trust is well-developed and good-quality.
We're going to measure the return on assets transferred from the Peace Trust to the Peace Bank. On the scale of the funds, based on the size of the administration of the Peace and Security Trust at the end of 2018 at $534.24 billion, based on pessimistic discounts of 0.4, neutral 0.6, and optimistic 0.8.
The profit margin of 0.34 per cent and 0.55 per cent of the safe trust's assets in the past six years, as well as the inclusion of the Peace Trust wealth management line in the Peace Bank, are necessary options for a new phase of the retail transition, which is oriented towards efficiency gains, with the main objective of further improving the profitability of retail operations, while the main measure of landing is a vigorous roll-out.
With the success of its wealth management operations and its operations, it is expected that the bank will turn alum-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la.
It is at the heart of the “retail breakthrough” of the Bank of Peace that it continues to adhere to its cutting-edge strategy, multi-channel-led deposits and aum. For now, the efficiency of its transformation to aum is not very high.
The Minglum conversion to aum was not efficient, while the Aum/lum rebound at the end of 2018 represented an improvement in the efficiency of the lum conversion and, more refinedly, the aum change/lum change showed a steady recovery in 2018 and the aum change/lum change to 1.29 in 2018, indicating that every $1 gain in lum would result in $1.29 in client assets, lum built-in conversions.
Power spillovers reflect the growth of wealth management and private sector operations, and the expansion of retail asset management operations at Safe Banks. (iii) Financial technology leads to the transition, supported by the Peace Group, which has the advantage of financial technology.
Under the Group’s unified strategy, the Bank of Peace also builds the 3+2 science and technology platform landscape, leading technology, mode, platform and talent by building pocket banks, pocket finance, and operating e-portals, and smart finance, and smart wind control of the two hearts.
Technology-led, building on the Group ' s core technological and resource excellence in the areas of artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing and block chains, the Bank of Peace embedds new technologies into the entire financial services process, enabling all aspects of banking, including supply chain finance, fee payments, customer services, investment management and risk management, integrating the five sets of scenarios, digitalization, smart business operations and business management
The model leads to the continued optimization of the “sat + mobile applications + remote services” business model, the continuous improvement of the Omo (onlinemergeoffline, integrated underline) integrated financial services model, and the continuous strengthening of the AI service model, which is represented by the “ai + customer service”, “ai + client”, “ai + wind control” etc. The platform leads to pocket banks, pocket finance and mobile e-services
The big portal is aimed at retail customers, company clients and counterparts, respectively; talent leads by introducing a large number of technical experts in key areas such as artificial intelligence, block chains, big data, cloud computing, and accelerating the construction of a “financial plus technology” composite talent team, sustaining the Financial Services Section at hundreds of millions of dollars, an 82 per cent increase in the same year, and a 44 per cent increase in full-time technology manpower compared to the end of the year.
In the public sector, the Bank operates a “group of clients” platform for small businesses, mainly pocket finance, and small and medium-sized enterprises.
In the area of retail sales, the Safe Bag Bank app covers three main functions, namely, original pocket banks, credit cards, and direct sales banks, to create smartness.
A financial life service platform. At the same time, the Peace Group's technologies of artificial intelligence, human face recognition, etc., are being applied to retail outlets, strengthening the “ai+ customer service”, “ai+ client” and creating a “no-queuing, off-duty, temperature” retail smart bank, providing customers with a 24/7 intelligence system, with a core assumption that: (1) net interest differentials: expected interest rates in the overall economy go down the road in 2019, interbank markets
The measure is somewhat optimistic, because we believe that the next step in the smooth banking-retail transition to a phase of efficiency gains, expansion or slowdown, will be to focus more on profitability. At the same time, in the context of the macroeconomic environment, the banking sector will focus more on asset quality.
In 2019, as the third year of the transformation of the Bank of Peace, under the strategy of “Technology leadership, retail breakthroughs, and public excellence”, efforts were made to create “China's best, world-lead, intelligent retail banks.” From the point of view of the retail transition, the transformation was driven by the restructuring of credit lending, with retail financial establishments accounting for 53.02 per cent of total profits in 2018, exceeding wholesale finance for the first time.
69.02%, retail finance shows greater profitability. Since the transition, the high interest-bearing rate of return on interest-bearing assets has been supported by a stronger expectation of a higher interest-rate gap maintained directly by the Bank of Peace, which is the basestone of profit. Looking ahead, safe banks have zero internal structures to optimize space for sales, credit cards, consumer loans, or sustained high growth, with a larger share of low-cost deposits than ever before.
In our view, whether the asset-end rate of return or the end-of-the-end cost ratio supports the overall net difference. In terms of asset quality, after digesting (over 90 days of overdue loans – bad loans) the balance of assets is depressed.
In addition, debt-transferable issuances have led to an increase in core capital availability and a breakthrough in asset expansion bottlenecks.
As a follow-up, the Bank of Peace relies on the Safeguard Insurance Group, which fully benefits from the fluidity of the channel. At the same time, the inclusion of the wealth management line in the private sector will effectively support the retail transformation of the Bank’s high-end retail customers, the size of its management capital, and the potential for revenue growth in the fees derived from it.
At the moment, the listed shares bank p/b (lf) averaged 0.87 times. We believe that, as the retail transition progresses further, from profit to asset quality, the bank is at the upstream level of the listed stock bank, combined with a 1.62-fold p/b valuation by the recruiting bank, and that the bank is reasonable, whereas the bank is currently at 0.84 times the share price, 2019ep/b is still at the price.
Industry risk: credit risk exposure accelerated by high downside pressures, and the quality of credit risk assets significantly deteriorated; Market risk caused by losses due to adverse changes in market prices (interest rates, exchange rates, stock prices, commodity prices, etc.); Corporate risk severely monitored: capital constraints further stifling firms upward; retailing as a result of excessive expansion of retail assets and compression of public loans
Transitions are bottlenecked; liquidity risks have erupted; and Peace Trust integration is less than expected or increases risk.