Decoding: How to be a world-class financial group, a study by the Hennesser Institute, was created safely for 30 years, from a local insurance company to a world-class financial group.
After 30 years of successful genetic and developmental logic, the world’s top 500, with a market value in the top five, grew from a local insurance company to a national integrated financial group to move forward to an international provider of personal financial services.
The period 1998-2002 was the first modern insurance company in China to focus on insurance, creating a number of systems such as foreign business strategies, agent systems, and employee holding schemes; the period 2003-2011, when a comprehensive financial group was created, creating insurance, banking, and managing troikas; and the period 2012-to date, when the country’s financial system was set up, and the country’s financial system was set up.
Science, technology, ecology, artificial intelligence, block chains, clouds, big data, and so on, are applied to the five major ecological scenes of finance, medicine, automobiles, real estate, and intelligent cities. After many years of development, peace has become a powerful, well-run and diversified leader.
In terms of volume, total assets amounted to $7.1 trillion, operating income amounted to $97.6 billion, and net profits amounted to 1204 cents. Insurance remained a safe core business, contributing 79 per cent of operating income and 57 per cent of net profits; banks were the main contributors to assets and liabilities, accounting for almost 50 per cent of asset management;
Block-based low-asset investment service platforms, with revenues of around 6 per cent; technology panels for nearly three years, profit, revenue and profit contributions of 3 per cent and 12 per cent, respectively. 30 years of steady and steady development, with a matrix of “vertical four-dimensional and horizontal three-empowerment”
Vertically, capture product structure optimization, high-quality channels, focus on client needs, perfect four modules of business management, deep-farm insurance, and develop financial services genes. 1) product push-and-pull products. Long-term guaranteed products account for 68% of new business value and new business value.
The agent's size is 1.41 million, contributes 85 per cent of the premium, and has a per capita capacity of $9453, which is much higher than that of other listed companies. 3) Clients focus on the value of their personal business. The number of individual clients reached 184 million in 2018, individual operating profits accounted for 86.8 per cent of the parent's operating profits, and individual business became a safe price.
The regulatory model is “group control, branch operation, branch control, overall listing”, and the operating model is centralized by the National Support Centre, which operates back-stream water lines, and investment management establishes a “wind 251” control system, which is strong.
Horizontally, integrated finance, financial science and technology, ecological landscapes are based on insurance, enabling products, channels, clients, and managing four dimensions of upper layers, not only to achieve cost-effectiveness in their own liftings, but also to create strong business synergies, with products with a single brand as their client.
One-stop service, deep-cut cross-sales value through channels, maximum exposure to customers, management of financial transactions, interlocking accounts of corporate affiliates. 2) Technology and technology enablement.
Core technologies such as cognitive, artificial intelligence, block chains, clouds, etc., bring about profound changes in existing financial products, channels, services and operating models, incubation of Licorne enterprises such as land-based gold holdings, financial transactions, peaceful doctors, safe health technologies, etc., and realization of profitability or segmentation.)
Eco-enhanced. Peace and diversity extend to the financial, medical, auto, real estate, smart city, five eco-circles. On the one hand, it appears that the five most ecologically unconnected have access to financial services, and that it is safe to create an open market for safe core financial operations, with access to technology and capital.
Sources, clients, brands are open to industry partners and even competitors, but in the process, the collection of health data, the development of standards for the operation and certification of clinics, scarce resources and the consolidation of advantages.
For 30 years, success is the result of a combination of multiple internal and external factors. External advantages include the pre-existing advantages of the first modern insurance companies, and the historical opportunities for obtaining a consolidated financial license. Internal advantages include innovation, openness, and the implementation of three genes.
This report does not constitute an investment recommendation, given its strong competitiveness, robust operational capacity and long-term development prospects.
Focused insurance (1988-2002): Safeguard insurance was established at the Shenzhen Snake in 1988 and was initially financed by the Bank of Commerce and Industry, the Chamber of Commerce and Industry, the Main Property Insurance Fund, the life insurance operation and the expansion of the country in 1994. As the first modern insurance company in mainland China, many systems were created: first, it was a " yes " .
First introduced the life insurance agent system. Previously, insurance marketing was based on direct sales, targeting businesses, developing the agent system safely, targeting individuals for life insurance, and stimulating marketing through market-based mechanisms.
After having introduced Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, and HSBC into the stock market, peace and prosperity have not only received $600 million in financial support, but have also gained a number of comprehensive financial management experiences, such as insurance claims, auditing systems, and back-up centres.
One of the pilot units in which HKSAR employees hold shares has introduced a benefit-ownership scheme for workers, involving 19,000 employees, which was implemented in 2010 to enable them to share the benefits of the company’s development.
Life insurance companies generally offer high-predicted interest rates, but then the interest rates fall below, and the Council requires life insurance companies not to offer products with a price rate higher than 2.5%.
Integrated finance (2003-2011): The road to integrated financial development began safely in 1993 and was approved by the State Council in 2003 as one of the three major financial holding enterprises. The Bank of Asia was acquired in Fujian in the same year and formally joined the banking industry; in 2004, old-age insurance, health insurance and insurance management were introduced.
In 2007, the Ports Unit was listed in a stock, and in 2011, the Shenzhen Development Bank was controlled, integrated into a single safe bank, with insurance, banks, and financial managers running the troika. During this period, investments were made in a healthy and profitable manner to catch up with the subprime loan crisis, loss of $20 billion, and investment contracted by more than 90%.
This lesson has led to a more careful management of risks and a rational strategy for expansion. Technology and technology (from 2012 to the present): In 2012, the Internet+finance strategy was seized safely, and products such as land and gold houses, safe cars, safe houses, and safe doctors were introduced.
In 2016, the path to safe science and technology became clearer, leading international financial service providers focused on the two main areas of financial and medical science and technology, focusing on the core technologies of intelligence, human intelligence, block chains, clouds, etc., for use in finance, medicine, automobiles, real estate, intelligence.
The five main rings of the city have been hatching unicorns, such as the Land Gold Institute, the Finance Corporation, the Safe Doctors, and the Health and Safety Technology. 1.2 Current status of operations: large, well run and diversified.
The safe-for-development model is large, robust, and diversified. According to the subsector, the safe core business remains insured, contributing 79% of the total operating income and 57% of the net profits in 2018.
The production management block is located on a light asset investment service platform, with revenues of around 6%. The technology block has been profitable for nearly three years, and is expected to be a new growth point.
On the one hand, there was a steady year of profit. Peace Group 2003-2018, with a 31% growth rate and a steady increase in net profits from 3% to 12%, except for the 2008 subprime loan crisis and investment, which had a time-to-time impact, where net profits fluctuated little in other years. On the other hand, when the industry generally fell,
In 2018, financial leverage and insurance continued to improve, income from life insurance increased by 3.14 per cent, and revenues from the insurance policy increased by $7,19.1 billion, or 18.9 per cent, respectively.
As one of the three major financial holding pilots, the Peace Group established an integrated financial development model for insurance, banking, and managing troikas, with 35 financial companies with 16 license plates. The insurance lines include several branches of insurance, such as production insurance, life insurance, and insurance in Hong Kong; and banking operations.
There are three lines of business sharing, brands, and back-office operating systems that take advantage of sales for cross-border purposes. Beyond finance, peace is involved in real estate, real estate, and corporate synergies.
The Internet, financial technology, health care, etc., are very cross-border. In organizational terms, safe and diversified operations are built on their own or in absolute control. 56% of net profit shares, but the share of revenue and profits declined gradually after 2011, as of 2018.
Insurance contributes 79 per cent of operating income and 57 per cent of net profits.It is not significant, but it brings together large off-the-shelf resources, and as of 2018, the size of the administration of the assets of the Peace Trust and the Peace Holdings was 534.1 billion and 2.9 trillion, respectively.
Science and technology are expected to be a point of growth in asset returns. The size of the assets of Peace and Technology is only 2%, but the income and profits are 3% and 12% respectively.
Figure 6: Net profit as a percentage of average insurance contribution 56 per cent Figure 7: Increase in assets as a percentage of bank contribution
Figure 8: Science and Technology Roa is significantly higher than other plates
Three decades of steady and steady development have been marked by a "vertical four-dimensional, horizontal three-empowerment" development matrix. Vertically, it captures the optimal product structure, high-quality channels, focuses on client needs, improves the four modules of business management, deepens the insurance industry, and nurtures the financial services gene.
Integrated finance, financial science and technology, ecological landscapes are based on the safety base, constantly empowering products, channels, customers, and managing four dimensions, not only to achieve cost-effectiveness in their own products, but also to open up technology exports and open up new growth points.
Figure 9: Safe Development Matrix 2.2 Financial Services Gene: Products, Channels, Clients, Management
Four dimensions of camp management, deep-farm insurance, and 30 years of steady growth. Product-based booster-guaranteed products account for 68 per cent of new business value, 94.6 per cent of new business value, 85 per cent of premium value, $9453 per capita, which is much higher than that of other listed insurance companies.
In mid-2018, the number of individual clients reached 184 million, individual operating profits accounted for 86.8% of the parent’s operating profits, and individual business became an endogenous engine for robust growth in safe value. Management was prudent and efficient.
The model of operations is managed centrally by the National Support Centre, which operates back-stream water lines, invests in the management of the “Wide 251” system and strengthens risk control. One is that the product is primarily safeguard-oriented and well-structured.
Business development thinking, not guided by the market share of the premium income, but rather by the objective of increasing the profitability and intrinsic value of the company, has led to the development of a highly profitable and paid-up personal life insurance product. In terms of premiums, the share of the original premium income representing the guaranteed business has been increasing.
In the case of the insurance sector, the “new contribution” to the insured's investment is reduced by 13 percentage points. In terms of risk, the premium is 36%, 18%, 19%, and the risk is more balanced, allowing for the impact of regulatory policies or market demand on the various types of risk and ensuring sound operations.
The second is a safe long-term guaranteed product. The new business value is the discounted profits of the life insurance company for the entire life cycle, the new business value equals the first annual premium divided, and the higher the easier the profit. In terms of volume, the safer 2015-2018h1 is the longer term.
The new business value of guaranteed products averaged 70 per cent of life insurance, higher than that of other products; and, on a price basis, the rate of new business value of long-term guaranteed products rose steadily, from 82.9 per cent in 2016 to 2.2.2 channels: a focus on fostering high-quality proxy channels
One is to optimize the channels and expand the number of agents. The number of people who are safe to be the first to introduce the proxy system increased to 1,417 million in 2018, with an average annual growth rate of 16%.
By 2018, 85%, 2.7%, 8.6%, respectively, were safe agents, silver bonds, electricity sales, and Internet channels, and higher among the four listed companies. Figure 15: 1.38 million insurance agents, 18% more.
The second is to increase the productivity of agents per person. At the same time as expanding the workforce, it is investing in increasing the productivity per person, contributing the first annual contribution from $3039 in 2003 to $8373 in 2017, with annual life expectancy, Xinhua and Xinhua per capita capacity.
2.2.3 Clients: Focus on the value of individual clients. 2012 was a safe year for the “Intellectual Integrated Financial Services Consortium”, upgraded in 2014 to “One Human Financial Life Service Providers”, with a comprehensive focus on the value of individual clients.
The number of clients in the main sector of life insurance increased from 26.8 million in 2003 to 95.94 million in 2018, an average annual increase of 9%. The number of individual clients in the group increased from 79.3 million in 2013 to 184 million in 2018.
A high of 86.8 per cent is seen in the fact that personal operations have become an internal engine of robust growth in safe value.
It is large in size and number of branches, but it is still able to maintain the efficient synergy of operations, the rapid growth of the group as a whole, the rational control model behind it, efficient operating processes and prudent investment.
The group does not operate any specific business, but only exercises supervisory responsibility for the high proportion of the shares held by each financial subsidiary.
Two are operating processes, centralized management, and lower operating costs. Investment in peace is billions of dollars, and a national back-up centre was set up in 2006.
Fully integrated into the Centre, leading to the sharing of resources, a professional division of labour and, lastly, investment management and the establishment of a “251 wind control system”. “2” refers to dual control, double auditing, auditing and internal control by groups and specialized companies. “5” refers to the five pillars of risk management, including letters.
The security management pillar, the asset quality management pillar, the liquidity risk management pillar, compliance operations, the risk management pillar, and the brand reputation management pillar, through which risks are controlled from top to bottom and from end to end.
3 Horizontal three-fold enabling: finance, technology, ecology, and the expansion of safe business can be summarized briefly as “finance, technology, and ecology.” Beneficial services are the building blocks, science and technology need to be built on financial scenes, while financial services experience is counterproductive.
It turns its value towards financial technology. When it matures, it will be extended to the whole industry, reshaping the industry's ecology and achieving a win-win situation.
3.1.1 Layout: The most complete financial license plate is a financial group with a full business license plate, 35 of which, according to incomplete statistics, have a license plate of 16.
There are multiple branches such as port insurance; bank licence plates are safe banks, there is a great deal of business, securities, trust, asset management, and funds. In addition, there are license plates such as leasing, letters, small loans, payments, etc., filled with financial product maps, and a rich investment pattern meets the investment of different clients at different levels.
3.1.2 Effectiveness: maximizing synergies. Safe and integrated finance is not simply a build-up of license plates or associated transactions, but a focus on the operational dimension.
“One customer, multiple products, one-stop shops”, seeking to maximize opportunities for synergistic development and truly market competitiveness in integrated finance Product synergies: diversified products, one-stop shops.
For diversified financial services, applications include sales insurance, marketing of credit cards, corporate annuity management, trust wealth management, securities opening, bank loans, etc.
In addition, insurance products can increase their relevance and value added by adding services such as financial attributes, health care, or additional insurance for bank property.
Channel coordination: dig deep into the value of cross-sales. The omnipotent agent becomes a channel resource for sharing products and services within Peace, the client buys a safe insurance policy through the agent, the agent promotes car insurance, credit cards, etc. for the client.
The amount of the new insurance premium, which leads to safe birth insurance, increased from $5.635 billion in 2009 to $41.4 billion in 2018, an average annual increase of 25 per cent, with the share of income from maternity insurance remaining between 14 and 16 per cent.
Fork penetration has been increasing, with the number of clients with multiple subsidiaries of the group ' s individual clients increasing from 20.7 million to 63.6 million between 2015 and 2018, up from 11 percentage points to 34% of the total.
Management synergies: financial transactions, and the mode of management is realized. Safe financial transactions were originally intended to be integrated asset account management platform accounts under the corporate umbrella, allowing for interlocking of accounts among affiliates of the group to save back-building, market openings, and labour costs for the group. Financial transactions would be more secure.
The technology accumulated each year has been integrated into a programme to provide one-stop financial technology solutions for small and medium-sized financial institutions, which has become a Licorne valued at $7.5 billion. By the end of 2018, one-stop financial technology solutions had been provided to more than 3,000 financial institutions.
3.2 Technology enabling, enabling four modules to be upgraded 3.2.1 layouts: four core technology interfaces four modules are early and time and manpower are high. Science and technology operations were explored safely in 2008, 2012
In the last 10 years, more than 50 billion people have been invested in scientific research, more than 10 technology companies, 25 science and technology research and development laboratories, and six science and innovation institutes, with more than 24,000 research and development staff.
In 10 years, $100 billion will be invested in scientific research to consolidate the leadership of the financial services industry, with four core technologies docked together. The four core technologies of "intelligent knowledge, artificial intelligence, block chains, clouds" will be implemented in the context of existing financial products, channels, services and operating models.
Deep change, reduction of efficiency gains, intensification of wind control, optimization of experience, and enhancement of the competitiveness of core financial operations. 1) Product innovation: In the area of insurance, through smart insurance custom services, the policyholder simply needs to answer questions about the system, and a system-generated insurance configuration scheme covering insurance products, products and products is available.
In the case of investments, the Bank has introduced a “peaceful investment”, using big data technology and artificial intelligence algorithms, selecting a bl model and quantifying the asset allocation method, and developing a personalized investment programme based on the client’s risk preferences.
To build a “i-doctor” and an autonomously developed system of intellectually assisted consultations, bringing together hundreds of millions of online consultations and health counselling data that can be used for pre-diagnostic consultations and consultations in online medicine, and to introduce the “intellectual physician” in the future.
Certification of the two products, Smart Flash, open to industry as a whole. 2) Channel upgrade: safe application of the ai technology to proxy maintenance and upgrade. In selection interviews, life-saving ai technology has a 95% recognition rate for 13 months of retention.
The company saves about $630 million in financial costs. In the training scene, the Iai training system, with live + remote video technology, has been upscaled by 91% of the training, with the average performance of agents expected to be reduced from 36 months to 15 months, and the number of performers is expected to increase from 383,000 to 383,000.
45.90 million. In team management, the ai assistant achieves smart task configuration and online sales assistance to address the pains of agent real-time management. In the sales model, the Sassat system injects social factors into the app, filters high-quality clues, helps agents with real-time connections, high-frequency interactions, and
Precision marketing, the 2018 sat system reached 220 million people, interacting 1.3 billion times, and delivering 1.08 billion clues. 3) Clients run: big data taps into large amounts of customer resources, precision location of high-end client demand.
For example, the 2017 and 2018 annual reports show that 70% of the customers are located in the same areas.
In economically developed regions, the average age is less than 38 years, with middle-aged and above clients amounting to nearly 130 million, or 72 per cent, and further distribution of higher wealth levels and older clients tends to have more contracts, with about 11 contracts per person for high net clients and an average of 2.69 for 5 years and above.
Contracts, which guide marketing strategies in favour of the development of new demands from high-end and old clients. 4) Management and wind control: smart knowledge reduces the loss of insurance premiums.
It is reduced to 30 minutes, reducing the retreat rate to 1%, and reducing the loss of premiums. Smart awareness greatly improves the efficiency of settlement of claims, traditional car insurance claims involve processes such as surveying, damage determination, settlement of claims, rehabilitation, receipt of bills, etc. On average, individual cases generate 5.18 work processes, requiring repeated communication with clients about eight times.
In smart claim mode, the client can automatically identify the loss of vehicles, their spare parts and the extent of the loss by uploading photographs of the loss of vehicles that need to be fixed, in a quick and efficient manner, and automatically bring out the damage items.
Point, 93% of cases are handled in 10 minutes. Artificial intelligence saves operational manpower, a customer service covers 90% of the customer service, and smart customer service solves up to 95%. Large data and block chains are widely used for wind control, and the Safe Bank Credit Card Center has accumulated more than 800 million financial transactions in real time.
Risk decision-making directly and indirectly reduces the economic loss of the user by about 65 million yuan and maximizes the protection of the user’s rights and interests. 3.2.2 Effectiveness: gains realized, business models hatched successfully
The first is that technology has been very productive and has contributed safely to core technological research and ownership of intellectual property rights, and has acquired four core technologies: intellectual intelligence, artificial intelligence, block chains, and cloud, with a cumulative total of 9021 technology patent applications as of 2018, which have doubled in just six months. The second is the realization of benefits.
For the third year in a row, safe financial and medical science and technology was profitable, amounting to nearly $15 billion in 2017, up to 12% of the profits of the group. Three are successful in incubating unicorn companies.
Science and technology platforms, which have exported core technical services. 3.3 Eco-enabling, digging the trillion-dollar market, 3.3.1 layouts: production of products and services closed.
According to the Peace announcement, the market size of the five rings is about $60-100 trillion. The Co-Executive Director of the Peace Group, Chen Xin, also noted the potential market rules of 2022 for the Circle.
The model is expected to reach 5.5 trillion yuan, of which 50% are the financial ecology and 50% are the health-care biosphere, and the safe ecology strategy, which combines the needs of the industry and the export of technology to the outside world, follows the four-phase five rule.
The five principles are the principle of screening, the first being the flow entrance, and the first to be closely linked to the consumer: the second is large enough: the third is the threshold and the technology content is high: the fourth is the conversion value, the independent valuation or the realization of benefits; and the fifth is the replicable to other regions or even overseas.
1) Financial Ecology: The financial science and technology pioneers, unlike traditional insurance, banking, and financial management cores, focus on leveraging financial and technological advantages.
Loan information intermediation services, divestment at the end of 2016, comprehensive distribution of wealth management, and, by the end of 2018, loans provided the basic assets of land gold, packaged into securitization of assets for investment.
A "one-stop low-cost solution" based on the practical application of the b-side enterprise, which exports peaceful technological capabilities to partners, such as small and medium-sized financial institutions, for example, to export the "gamar" package of loanable solutions. A wallet serves the group's various payment scenarios on the one hand, and Tan on the other.
External operations, combined with consumption scenes, financial scenes, and depth of commercial property, have become the third largest payment company in the country by providing financial, living and credit services. 2) Healthy Eco-Coopers: open to the entire industry chain
Creates the “Health management and health counselling services to cover the costs of down-to-the-line consultations” industry, potentially with a market size of $1.6 trillion. At the end of demand: a safe doctor, positioned as an online 020 mobile health-care platform, starting with health management, driven by a high-frequency low-yielding health operation.
Medical operations with high frequency and benefits, pooling of 5,000 medical resources, referral, under-line and referral services, cash-flow patterns including content consumption, medical services charges, pharmaceutical electricians, etc., as of mid-2018: 228 million registered users, cumulatively over 300 million consultations, as at mid-2018.
At the end of the supply: tens of thousands of medical treatments, relying on online flow resources, building clinics, camps and certification standards, have attracted 63,000 under-line clinics. At the end of the payment: ASTSA helps the government, insurance companies to manage the funds, reduces the waste of medical care, and the city under the flag has an application.
For example, together with the Shanghai Health Plan Board, a new business insurance platform has been launched to provide a key payment function for health insurance + commercial insurance + self-financing.
With a wealth of online and offline resources, customers are insured.
Chart 30: Safe Medical Health Circle, Safe Insurance, Illness Online Counselling.
Health insurance, insurance payments, health management 3) Automobile eco-circles: car combined with financial depth, car watching, car buying, car buying, car selling I
Station service. Cars: Automotive Home is the core platform. Car Internet service platform, located in New York, United States, in 2013, was bought safely in 2017, providing a full range of vehicle services, including the media, motor power dealers, car finance, car life, etc., bringing together 30 million live users and making a profit.
Cars: Safe Banks, Safe Leases, Finances to develop the financial needs of cars. The Bank of Peace uses the entrance to the car house to convert the consumer's owner's credit card, which was nearly 20 million by mid-2018.
The safe-for-money lease was marketed through an innovative model of “rent-for-purchase” with $7 billion invested in the car rental business in 2017. In the case of car maintenance, the safe-for-life insurance scheme was expanded. The owner of the car became a safe insurance client through the insurance service, and the owner of the safe car applied to thousands of 4s shops, repairs and repairs.
In-depth collaboration between the plant, the maintenance chain, and the provision of vehicle maintenance and insurance services. On the side of the car, the car house invests $100 million in day-to-day car shooting strategies to close second-hand car transactions. 4) Real estate rings: low-key layout, seeking transformation.
Safe houses, but safe houses and real estate are also involved. One is a second-tier market investment. Real estate is an important equity investment in venture capital, and peace has become the second largest shareholder in Beguio Park, Happiness and Xuixia, with $47.3 billion invested in real estate as of June 2018: second is cooperation.
Insurance and real estate operations are well coordinated, and cooperation channels are wide, with secure real estate as a platform for real estate investment in China under the banner of peace, investing in real estate through equity, debt, trust, funds, Internet innovation, etc., with assets of over 300 billion yuan.
Markets. Safe houses are on the line in 2014, locating real estate electricians, for example, in partnership with Beguio Park in 2015 to launch the Shanghai Gading project, using “one square metre” as a public fund-raising unit, to raise funds from users for the project, and investors can choose to take ownership of the house directly or to commission it and turn it into revenue.
But, under the influence of the profit model and regulatory policy, products such as the safe housing loan, changed in 2018 to “Safe City Section”, transformed into a cloud platform with built-up clouds, real estate clouds, rental clouds, and transformed into a technology company.
5. Smart City Ecology: Intense. Smart City is a conglomerate of safe finance, technology, and eco-strategy. The full picture includes a variety of applications, such as intelligent transportation, intelligent living, intelligent education, intellectual wealth, smart medicine, intellectual security, and so on, and it's really safe to live on.
Using technology results to organically link the different scenarios, it is expected to reach $2.6 trillion in size. At present, the Institute is building a model for smart finance cities like Nanning, Changsha, and the South Ning project has gone online in fiscal integration, national capital integration and pro-poor funds regulation system, Changsha.
The objective is to use asset and liability management as an entry point to help the Changsha municipality “finish the bottom of the house” and achieve the Government's “debt control, preservation, collection and savings” objectives for public assets.
Clients: Expanding the large number of Internet users. It seems that the five ecologies are irrelevant, but they all cut into the demand for financial services, which is the backbone of the core financial business. The Internet is the five eco-flow portals around which the flow vaults are safely converted to the benefit of the flow of resources.
The conglomerates have become safe users. Seizing the advantage of traffic, the total number of Internet users has increased from 137 million in 2014 to 485 million in the first half of 2018, providing a steady flow of customer resources for peace.
Of that number, 8.45 million Internet users from the group ' s five major rings accounted for 33 per cent of new customers. Figure 32: Internet users amount to 485 million. Figure 33: Safe Ecotransformation clients account for 33 per cent.
In the financial, automobile, and medical rings, core businesses are developed, with clear business models, to prepare for valuation and fragmentation, but with a field of action.
There are strong synergies with other aspects of the landscape, such as car ecology, a combination of safe and secure car insurance services, safe bank owner credit cards and safe rental car finance, and the integration of car service and financial services biosphere.
Open: Access to safe resources, but autonomous access to technology, standards and data, such as medical ecology, safe doctors, 10,000 medical positioning platforms, safe resources, technology, clients, hospitals, doctors, clinics, and a win-win ecology, but in the process it is safe to take care of them.
To build up health-care data, develop standards for the operation and certification of clinics, scarce resources and advantages Management: incentives and tolerance combined.
Qualified. For example, the Safe Real Estate Ecoosphere, which has experienced a three-fold drop in electricity, down payment, etc., is now seeking to transform into a cloud platform. 4 Peace advantages and genes.
For 30 years, success is a combination of multiple internal and external factors: external advantages include the pre-existing advantages of the first modern insurance companies, as well as the historical encounter with the approved consolidated financial license plates. Internal advantages include innovation, openness, and the implementation of three genes.
Greatly competitive, robust, operational, and long-term development prospects. 1) Innovative genes: Keeping forward thinking, thinking at risk, innovating themselves. Markets are changing rapidly, industry cycles are changing rapidly, technology is changing rapidly, and it is driving safe thinking, self-esteem.
Early peace is a powerful incentive for innovation. When the market is a local insurance company that does not pass its name, it is the product innovation and channel innovation that underpins the competition for the share of the foreign and national markets.
In the tide of life, the rapid development of technology such as ai, cloud technology, big data, block chains will reshape industries, including finance, and if rules are followed, status quo, and priorities are missed, the business model of the traditional industry will be subverted.
Financial enterprises, but also modern technology Internet enterprises such as Alibaba, Tents, etc., are subject to a smooth transition in the strategy of “finance + technology.” 2) Open genes: Group fighting, industry exporting.
Peace itself is an integrated financial system that knows the needs of its sub-sectors, and as a financial technology company, it has the core technology and modules to develop.
. Based on experience and technical advantages, safety is not self-sustaining, but rather a choice to develop markets, to provide modular exports to other financial institutions, including products, channels, customers, management, to serve other small and medium-sized financial institutions, enterprises and governments, and to drive joint industry development.
3) Executive gene: Free competition, good for bad. Peace encourages intra-group competition, stimulates team potential, and embraces failed projects. The creation of major eco-circles is a process of testing the wrong side of the road, for example, a safe car that opens up the second-hand car market and then joins the “good owner” of the safe birth hazard.
It's a " racehorse" that encourages individual exploration and attempts in the same business sectors, and it's a result for heroes.
In January 2018, the University of Heng was founded as a scientific research institute set up by the Heng Gang to “establish a business base”.
The aim is to become a leading national institute and to build a new think tank of Chinese identity. The Institute provides research advice and research support for group leaders in their decision-making and for group development; external construction has become an outstanding specialist in economic and financial markets.