A short-term pressure on consumer electronics business, Car Semiconductor Stars, 15/08/2022 incident: Weir shares released on August 12, 2022 mid-year, company camp first half of 2022.
11.7 billion yuan (yoy-11.06 per cent), resulting in a net return profit of 2,269 million yuan (yoy+1.14 per cent), and two-year quarterly reviews of the continued optimization of product structure, platform-type, geopolitical situation and inflation combined with the effects of factors such as the electronic area of consumption, represented by smartphones
2. Vers (603501.sh) Business Brief Review: Second Growth Curve opened, low-valued high-quality semiconductor taps - 20 markets were hit more strongly. Three major industries: corporate image sensors, contact and display operations, simulation solutions, etc.
The current downstream application of the system is still dominated by consumer electronics, so 22q2 corporate income size and Māori ratio 3.well shares (603501.sh) depth reports: automobile half-costs are subject to increased employee remuneration, equity incentive costs, exchange loss increases and high-intensity R & D inputs
4. Impact of the 3-quarterly reporting point of Weir stock (603501), with 22q2 company sales/management costs/research and development costs/financial cost increases, respectively
5. Ver shares (603501) are rated: q The warmth of swim demand and the restructuring of the company ' s supply chain are expected to bring company operations to a turning point, the growth of image sensors, the growth of automobiles, medical services, etc., and short-term pressure on mobile phone operations.
During the first half of the year, the company image sensor solution operation achieved revenue of $7.298 billion, a decline of 20.97 per cent, representing 80.15 per cent of the company ' s semiconductor design business revenue and 65.91 per cent of the company ' s overall revenue, with medium-sized smartphones, auto electronics, security and other operations accounting for 44 per cent, 22 per cent, 17 per cent and 17 per cent, respectively.
1) Smartphone sciss: During the first half of 2022, smartphone market demand was weak, and according to cinno data, sales of 2022h1 Chinese market smartphones fell by 16.9% on a year-on-year basis, as well as revenues from company smartphone sciss operations. However, companies still have many high-end new items in 22h1 and will be rolled out in the second half of the year.
Flagship products, improved product matrices, are expected to grow back. In the first half of 2022, the company launched one of the world's smallest 200 million pixels, ovbob, with a pixel size of 0.61 m; ov50e (1.1.5", 1.0 m) with the ability to capture low-light images and high-motivated video in a leading industry; and the world's premiere.
The product class cis/evs integrates the visual chip ov60b10 and integrates two types of sensor properties on a chip for high-speed image capture. In the second half of the year, the company will continue to refine the product layout, while significantly reducing costs by transferring some of its relatively mature products to home-grown crystal circle plants while providing productivity security.
2) Automobile semiconductor business: the company ' s car sciss business, which earned about $1.6 billion in 22h1, continues to be maintained at a higher rate of growth and the market share is rising rapidly. The company ' s car sis now covers adas, intra-occupancy surveillance, an upgraded version of 3 million pixels product, os03b10, and 5 million pixels applicable to the intra-car surveillance market.
Rgb-ir global fast-door sensors ox05b1s, etc., further refine the layout of car cis products and maintain a market lead. In addition, the company actively distributes car regulation semiconductor products other than cis, including lcos, mcu, serdes, etc., as the company ' s share of domestic and overseas markets continues to rise, except for cis.
As cars’ semiconductors continue to grow, it is expected that the company’s semiconductor business will continue to grow at a high rate, with a further increase in the share of the company’s whole collection. Touching and showing high growth in business, new products plus new applications open up the space for growth.
\triangleright achieves revenue of $1,188 million (yoy+88.02%) from the solutions business, representing 13.04% of the corporate semiconductor design business.
The company can achieve 1080 pfhd resolution and up to 144hz, based on the td4375 upgrade, which is now produced and applied to millions of first-line smart phones. At the same time, the company is actively developing new products and applications, and the company is now developing them.
A series of smartphones oled display drive chips and, in close collaboration with the panel factory, have developed contact and display chips for cars, tablets and other consumer electronic products. \triangleright
The divisional platform semiconductor development path and depth layout in the vehicle semiconductor area are maintained with a “recommended” rating.
Figure 3: Quarterly Māori and Net Interest Rates for Well Shares Figure 4: Quarterly Cost Rates for Well Shares Figure 6: Quarterly Operating Cash Flow Inflows for Well Shares
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.