Short-term performance is under pressure and car-borne cis is expected to contribute to long-term growth — Weir stock (603501.sh) incident assessment report.
Operating income of $11,071 million, down 11.06 per cent from the previous year, achieving a net return profit; weak consumer electronic demand, pressure on corporate performance, the cumulative effect of the geopolitical situation and inflation, and the consumption of electricity.
Sub-sector markets have been hit by more shocks and demand has declined considerably.
In the context of the global epidemic and geopolitics, the consumer electronics sector has been hit more strongly by car-borne ciss and tddi than by Weir stock (603501). According to idc data, major global computers in the second quarter of 2022.
Lead long-term, high-growth growth, expected q2 performance up gradually, card delivery down by about 15.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, 2022h1 image sensor solution.
Rapid upscaling, Tactile Showing Product Matrix Perfect, more conservative and delayed the roll-out of new products. However, Howell's product has moved into high-end areas in recent years, releasing ovbob smartphone cis 200 million pixels.
" Weir shares (603501): Performance meets expectations, car cis and tddi leads long-term growth. " In inch optical format, 50 million pixel resolution, 1.0 micro-pixel dimensions)
For products, the latest 0v60b10 chip uses industry leading cis platforms with high resolution (15 million pixels) and large pixels (2.2um), reconstructing the original frame with only 120fps through exclusive vs technology.
With a rate of 10,000 fps, with a comparative advantage in the industry, the rapid rise in car-borne cis is expected to lead to higher performance, although there will be a slowdown in consumer electronics, the semiconductor needs for the electronics market for cars.
The demand has continued to increase, and according to the recent forecast by gartner, the value of semiconductor products per vehicle is expected to increase from $712 in 2022 to $931 in 2025. The company covers a wide range with an advanced, compact car-cis solution.
Broader car applications, including adas, internal controls in the cab, electronic rearview mirrors, achieved a larger increase, with car law sales in the first half of 2022 amounting to approximately $1.6 billion, or 22 per cent of the total business of the cis, compared to 14 per cent in the previous year.
The company launched oxo5bs in 2022 with a 5 million pixel rgb-ir global fast-door sensor, further reducing complexity, power and output and providing a recalibration crystallization option for customers wishing to customize their own envelopes;
The Division introduced oxo3d as a 3 million pixel system imaging solution for the auto loop system, the rear-view system and the electronic back-viewing camera monitoring system to provide first-class image quality and high functionality in low-power and minimum chip sizes, and help.
To help car manufacturers save costs and space; the Hale combination algorithm developed by the company can provide both excellent hdr and lfm energy, while its DeepwellTM two-way conversion technology can significantly reduce motor hypotheses.
In cooperation with the programme, STU provides high-quality image solutions for rear-vision cameras, landscape displays, and electronic rear-view mirrors that are more cost-effective. Industry downside risks, product R & D less than expected, industry competition
Electronic group presentation Mao Jian: Three years of US semiconductor company work experience in the world
Leading the semiconductor company advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity securities investment, held in China from 2018 to 2020. Chiu Xinyi: Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Engineering, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Electronics and Finance Complex. Liu Xing: Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang University of Singapore.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.