The present report explores the prospects for the future growth of the planetary biosing business, mainly from the point of view of industry and companies. The main answers to several questions are: (i) the high increase in the number of sedentarys during the epidemic.
Will the speed continue after the outbreak? (2) what size will the market grow in the next five years? (3) How do you understand the company's recent performance and short-term changes? (4) how will the income of the company's immune protein plate grow in five years after Yong is on the market? (5) bets.
Can human immune protein be a new growth point for companies? Industry prospects: The market is high at the end of 22.8 billion in 2028, and there is still much room for growth, in terms of domestic blood consumption and consumption structure.
In recent years, public health events have accelerated market education, and the clinical value of static treatment has gradually been recognized.
422.76/422.76.76 The shift to the market is also expected to boost overall market growth through the continued expansion of the industrial slurry system, which is expected to meet the rising demand for slurry.
Taking into account factors such as supply and demand and changes in the internal and external structure of the Court, price adjustments, listing of new items, “A profit model for the blood industry, looking at its investments”, based on “the extra-hospital ratio* + the intra-hospital ratio*
Price = market size” algorithm, expected to be the size of the domestic static terminal market by 2028.
In the short and medium term: it is expected that the second half of the year will continue to be spent and that the income from the second half of 2028 will reach 4.8 billion, based on the company's new slurry stations in 2023, its past years of production and its quarterly income structure.
We've calculated that the fall in the company's income ring in the fourth quarter of 2023 is partly due to stock shortages, the logic of the slurry plant performance and the measurement of sales. The company is expected to be on the market in the second half of 2024 and in September 2023, at 10% of the company's price for the company's plant.
Full replacement of 10% of stats versus 5% of stats per year, 10% of the stats in 2028, stats on stats: slurry delivery meets high demand in industry, static-driven fast growing companies in the long term: subcutaneous inoculation protein is expected to be another point of growth in the future.
In June 2024, the clinical completion of the Injected Inoculation Proteinii period was completed. On the one hand, the product is currently scarce in the country, and the company's market vacuum of about two to three years has been calculated to be a powerful precursor to outreach. On the other hand, the product is clinically effective and safe.
The fullness, accessibility, etc., is superior to Qing C, and in some developed countries patients have outperformed Qing C, and sales of related products in the US market have increased steadily in recent years. As a result, the product may become another point of growth for companies in the future.
The risks associated with the commissioning of the acquired slurry station and the growth of single-station slurry are not as high as expected: 10% of the slurry spread is less than expected; potential risks from product safety.
Skywalker: Slurry delivers to meet high industry demand, Silicon Dynamite is growing: Slender delivers to meet high industry demand, Silicon Dynamite is growing fast During the epidemic, human immunoglobin (later known as Silicon C) was widely included in the guidelines for treatment of new crowns, and markets expanded rapidly.
In addition, prices continue to rise at the same time as they were released. After the launch of the first report, " Skybasket Organisms: Scarce Logic Blood Products, Clear Growth Paths, High Perceptions " , we kept track of company developments and thought that its Silicon Cube business was on the way.
As the only industrial platform for blood products under the banner of the Middle Ages, the skyscraper is in the forefront of the market, and the slurry is well advanced. At the same time, the company has a layout for all generations of human immune protein piped products: 10% was approved in September 2023, becoming the first-country high-level epileptic phase; and the subterranean injector immunoglobin completed the ii clinical trial in June 2024.
In the short and medium term, with the acquisition of integrated slurry stations and expansion of production capacity by companies, we believe that the future growth of the planet's organisms is clear.
In the long run, the market is expected to remain high, and it can be expected to become another growth point for the company. Skywalker: slurry delivers to meet high demand in the industry, and the firm is fast growing.
(i) Past and present: integration of resources and cities into the forefront of the industry is a domestic blood product, formerly the Central Anti-Physics Unit established by the Government of the North Pacific (hereinafter “Beijing House”), 2007
In 2009, the company acquired 90% of the shares in the blood industry, making it one of the largest blood companies in the country. In 2017, the Tianjin industry sold vaccines, and its subsidiary, Chengdu, bought shares in the blood system in Guizhou, which is part of Chinese biology, thereby achieving control over all blood companies within the group and becoming the only industrial platform for blood products in China.
Since then, the number of slurry stations has remained one in the industry: slurry is delivered to meet high demand in the industry, and the company is fast growing, and the company’s equity structure is as follows. The company holds about 46% of the shares directly from Chinese biology, relying on the national drug collection.
The company, as the only operating platform for blood products under the umbrella of the National Drug Corporation, has a natural advantage in the approval, marketing, circulation, and capital operations of a slurry station. In addition, the company has direct control over the stockholdings of Douzin and Xi's return days, and indirectly controls the operations of various localities, with powerful slurry resources and the production capacity of blood products.
The slurry fulfils the high demand of the industry, the static drivers grow fast, the blood products are produced on the basis of single plasma stations and slurry levels, prepared on the basis of production documents, and sold on the basis of government approvals. Therefore, the size of the company's revenues, tons, can be judged by concern about the number of slurry stations and the amount of slurry, the type of product, the batch issuances.
The number of slurry stations and batches of slurry, product species, proteins, and stylmer are far ahead of the country’s producing companies, thanks to internal integration, extended M&As, and new products. The slurry is delivered to meet high demand in the industry, and the company is growing fast.
In the case of the quiet-cylinder business, which is the main subject of this paper, in recent years, the number of batches of the planetariums has stabilized in the first half of the industry, in 2024, 155, or 26.9 per cent, in the case of sample hospitals and pharmacies, and in the first three, 2024, in the case of the sale of the planetariums: slurry delivery meets the high demand of the industry and the rapid growth of the static drivers.
(ii) The future: the slurry station has a clear advantage, and single-station slurry and ton slurry revenues have a large potential for growth.
From 2020 to 2023, the company’s total slurry stations increased rapidly (see chart 3), with slurry reaching 2,000 tons in 2022. Compared to the amphibious industry, it is also well-stocked, and is expected to inject new and continuous momentum into the growth of company performance in the future.
Based on a previously published industry report, A Profit Model in the Blood Products Industry, Speculating the Value of its Investment, local or state-owned enterprises have a stronger investment capacity and a greater capacity for government dialogue, and have an advantage in the approval of slurry stations. The vast geographical spread of the affiliates of the Astronomy Organisms has led to a greater local advantage in expanding the slurry stations everywhere, coupled with their strong national resource background and productive capacity, in recent years the public has been able to contribute to the development of the slurry plants.
In addition, in the context of continued industrial concentration, companies are increasingly integrating industry targets, with two new and five new slurry stations, respectively, through the acquisition of Xian Xin Xian Xian and China Red. Future slurry station growth is also expected to benefit from extended mergers and acquisitions, given the company’s historically excellent cash flow.
In terms of slurry from a single station, the company can grow in time. The slurry from a single station is related to the maturity of the slurry station, the efficiency of the slurry, and the population density of the area, the perception of blood donation.
The continued expansion of the slurry station, coupled with the repeated restrictions on slurry during the period 2020-2023, has allowed the company as a whole to have a much higher capacity for single-station slurry. As the new slurry station is completed and the slurry is restored after the outbreak is released, the company ' s single-stop slurry is slurryed, and the slurry is delivered to meet high demand in the industry, and the static drivers are growing fast.
Figure 12: Tons of slurry revenue per company for the period 2020-2023 (millions of yuan)3 and, in terms of tons of slurry revenue, there is still room for improvement. Ton of slurry revenue is mainly related to factors such as the use of the company plasma, the price of the product and the structure of the sale.
There is still room for raising the ton of slurry revenues of the planetary organisms. This may be related to its background as a platform for integrating Chinese biological blood products, which were all operated independently, and which was then unevenly distributed because of the middle-born ' s need to be listed under the planet ' s biological flag. Although there are more slurry stations in the company as a whole, the documents are scattered. Some of the smaller subsidiaries have low levels of plasma use, resulting in the company ' s low levels of use.
According to Boya, 10% of the slurch is 1.8 times more profitable than 5% of the slurry. With 10% of the slurry, it is expected that the company’s ton slurry revenue will increase gradually in the future as it is promoted and managed more efficiently.
Industry prospects: The Stagnity Market is high, the terminal size is expected to reach 22.8 billion (i) in 2028, and the future market is expected to remain high, and the growth of the Stagn market is almost stagnant before the epidemic.
Sales grew slowly during the period, at a compound rate of about 7%; while sales of protein grew from 24.42 million vials at a combined rate of about 12% to the outbreak, the clinical value of Stead C was recognized and a high rate of growth began. Beginning in 2020, several large Tri-A hospitals, on behalf of the Beijing Association and the hospital, included Stepro in the new coronary programme.
During the epidemic, the use of Qin C increased the patient’s awareness of its clinical value, and the effects of Qin C on treatment and immunization were recognized. Between 2020 and 2023, Qin C sales increased at an annual rate exceeding the rate of proteins and reached a high rate of growth.
Figure 15: The sale of proteins in the 2020-2023 sample hospital and the sale of static props, however, the shortage of market supplies led to a decline in the second half of 2023. The high rate of flattened sales was abruptly interrupted in the second half of 2023, and there was even a negative growth in the fourth quarter of 2023. However, the prices outside the hospital are still rising.
From this it follows that the decline in the market in the second half of 2023 may be due to a lack of market supply. Skywalking organisms: slurry delivery meets high demand in the industry, static-driven firm growth, figure 17: 2019 q1-2024q3 QC3 average
On the one hand, there is still much room for growth in domestic consumption and consumption structure, and the long-term suppression of the demand has been addressed in the epidemic. On the other hand, the continued expansion of industrial slurry stations is expected to meet rising demand, thus boosting overall market growth.
A high growth will start based on clinical cognitive change and additional slurry. The case is as follows: The domestic market space is huge, with 210 grams of immunoprotein per 1,000 people per year in the United States, compared to 15 grams per 1,000 in the United States, which is less than the per capita use in the United States.
10%. In 2022, we consumed about 25 grams of immunoglobin per 1,000 people. But it is still at a low level compared to countries like the United States, Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom.
The company announced that by 2022 the ratio of immunoglobin to the international market had reached 51%, while the human haemoglobin ratio was only 15%. The human haemoglobin remained the largest species in the country’s blood products market, accounting for about 60%, while the immunoglobin ratio was about 33%.
Some of the needs that were met by proteins in the past are expected to shift to the static market. We have irrational uses for “nutritional support” and “immunisation.” The Chinese Expert Consensus on the Management of Clinical Application of Human Blood Protein, published in February 2024, states that some of our hospitals have an unreasonable rate of human blood protein use.
33.6-78.4% According to a survey based on Xuzhou Central Hospital, 38.6% of the 1,970 cases of improper use of drugs in the hospital were for camp support and 9.1% for enhanced immunity. It is expected that the future share of the protein market will be obtained in the future.
In addition, several authoritative journals or guidelines, including The Clinical Application of Injection Immune Protein, indicate that Qin can be used to increase patient immunization, together with the inclusion of guidelines during the epidemic and improved clinical awareness of Queen C.
Part of the future protein market is expected to shift to the static market, where the slurry delivers to meet high demand in the industry, where the firm is fast-growing, where the epidemic increases awareness, and where the slender growth will continue.
We assume that pre-epidemiological stagnating growth is mainly due to a lack of market education. On the one hand, domestic firms have low marketing costs compared to overseas blood companies, and domestic firms have less market promotion and education because of the rigidity of the demand for blood products. On the other hand, since 1986, China has banned the import of blood products from all but human blood protein, so transnational corporations have been in the process.
In the country, only proteins are taught at the hospital level, while products such as Qing C are not marketed, which has created the country’s current blood system, but the use of Qing C during the epidemic, which has been extensively used for the protection of medical personnel and the treatment of severely ill patients, has increased doctors’ and patients’ awareness of the clinical value of Qing C, thus addressing the previously growing pains of Qing C.
This is expected to sustain its growth.4 The construction of the slurry stations is on track and the slurry is expected to increase steadily.4 The number of new slurry stations (not including seven substations) reached 327 throughout the country by the end of June 2024, compared to 2020
70 more. Between 2018 and 2023, the amount of slurry has risen steadily, except in 2020, when it was affected by the epidemic. In 2023, 33 new slurry stations throughout the country were added, which are expected to contribute significantly to the size of the slurry in 2024.
To meet the clinical needs of the high landscape, and to co-opt market growth, the skyscraper: slurry delivers to meet the high demand of the industry, the firm is growing fast, and this is our characterization of the future of the stung industry based on the current state of the market.
It is very conservative to estimate that the market in the second half of 2024 is still in a state of undersupply and low-channel stocks, and that, as companies become productive, first of all, we use batches to represent the industry’s statnium reserve. Secondly, we assume a six-month delay from syrup to statnium ready, and that statnium is prepared with industry slurry.
By a positive ratio, it is possible to push about 652 batches of static C in the second half of 2024. And, based on WHO and China’s Center for Disease Prevention and Control data, we assume that the impact of the new crown itself has been cleared in the first half of 2023, so we conservatively assume that the 564 batches issued in the second half of 2023 were in a state of normal post-epidemiological need.
Starting in the first half of the year, hospitals and channels began to store stocks, with a total stock of three months (564*0.5). Without taking into account the increase in clinical demand, the market will have 702 batches of static cyanide in the second half of 2024 (normal use demand + replenishment of stocks).
As the total number of slurry stations in the industry has grown at a high rate in recent years, it is expected to grow as new slurry stations mature, are not in the process of being converted, and slurry is being built.
(ii) Based on the volume of bulk issuances, the market for the station's static terminal is expected to reach 22.8 billion in 2028.
Adaptive demand will be small in size; but, given the low penetration rate, clinical demand will be larger in size. Since the current supply-side growth is largely constrained, the number of batches reflects the actual production and sales situation of the company. So we use: the extra-horizontal ratio* + the intra-hospital ratio* = the market size.
(1) According to the current research and approval of companies, the six companies that are at the top are Chengdu Yongsheng, Guizhou Taibo, Boya Biology, Warland Organisms, Via Luang Organisms, Guangdong Double Forest.
Producers’ products are likely to be approved faster. As a result, optimistic estimates suggest that the replacement of 10% QC to 5% QC will begin to accelerate from 2026; by 2028, the six companies and other related enterprises under the control of their parent companies (which, according to sample data, account for about 60% of the current QC market) are expected to expand and promote the product successfully.
Skybac organisms: slurry delivers to meet high industry demand and the firm is growing fast (2) due to limited slurry and 10% of slurry revenue and higher Māori, companies are expected to inject plasma into production of 10% rather than 5% of slurry, as far as possible. Due to the sequence of approvals, it is expected that the manufacturer will be 5% quiet, taking into account the time of extension
The degree of substitution of c decreases with the time it is approved, i.e. the later the approval of the vendor is less. Core scenario 2 (intra- and intra-Apparent): (1) There are differences in distribution across the country, but based on the early stages of the rise and the special nature of the meth type of drug,
Intra- and off-the-hospital ratios are expected to be higher than outside the courtyard, assuming 65 per cent and 35 per cent, respectively, in 2023 for the intra-hospital market and the off-hospital market. (2) The demand for Drgs, the drug-occupancy test, coupled with recent trends in the outflow of prescriptions, is expected to increase in the future. Also, as 10 per cent of sequesters are out of the hospital at higher prices, manufacturers are more motivated to sell off-the-hospital prices.
In the case of (1) 5% Jing C, based on the experience of alliances like Guangdong and others, the collection is expected to have little impact on the price of 5% Jing C. And, according to sample hospital data, the price of 5% Jing C has remained relatively stable.
(2) 10% of QZC, based on the historical price experience of 2.5g QZC, the prices in the courthouse are more well regulated, while outside the courtyard, Xianjin, where slurry delivery meets high demand in the industry, is usually market driven by fast-growing companies. It is expected that, with the gradual opening of the 10% QZ net, prices in the courtyard will fall rapidly before the courthouse.
On the basis of the three main assumptions mentioned above, we have calculated the market price for 2023-2028 for the VCP: the overall ICP price (average of 5 per cent and 10 per cent) for both the hospital and the hospital, based on graph 26, and the core assumption 4 (merger issuances):
(1) Since the number of individual batch issuance bottles will not be disclosed after 2020, it is assumed that the number of bottles issued in 2021-2023 will continue to show a similar growth trend to the number of batch issuances, thereby pushing the 2023 Quantities of 21.53 million. (3) As the effects of the subsequent outbreak are gradually cleared, the vendor ' s supply is restored to normal, the new magnifying stations are completed, and it is expected that the bulk will be signed.
The impact of the difference from 5% of the statnium specification is expected to decline. Given the growth in the demand for statlium and the increase in the amount of slurry, simulator organisms: slurry delivers to meet high demand in the industry and the rapid growth of the company.
The final estimate is that, taking into account the supply-demand relationship and structural changes inside and outside the courthouse, price adjustments, and the listing of new items, the price of the plant is 80% of the terminal price, and the market size of the market is about $18.2 billion at the end of 2028. Skybasket organisms: slurry delivery meets high demand in the industry, and the firm is fast growing.
The company's view: supply expansion to meet clinical needs, and the new growth curve created by the Silicon Dialier, based on the above-mentioned profile and market analysis, is based on our recent business performance, short-, long-term and long-term growth logic. The shift in disease control measures in the fourth quarter of 2022 has led to a huge demand for treatment, and the sale of selenium selenium in sample hospitals and pharmacies in Chengdu.
Since then, it has been growing at a high rate, but its sales have declined significantly in the fourth quarter of 2023, and the overall collection of planetary organisms has also occurred. The fourth quarter is generally a better quarter for companies, based on past financial data.
As a result of pressure on the company ' s blood stock, it is argued that (1) in 2023, the company increased the number of slurry stations by 20, regardless of the lead time required for commissioning, and optimistic estimates assume that the 20 slurry stations began slurry operations at the beginning of 2023 and were the fastest in the 6-8 months of preparation, release and sale of blood products.
If the company did not add any additional slurry stations during 2023, taking into account only the slopes of the new slurry stations in 2021 and 2022, the total annual slurry volume of the company in 2023 was estimated to be 2,195 tons (60 mature slurry stations and 36.6 tons of single-station annual slurry).
At the same time, on the basis of the company ' s share of 2,035 tons of slurry in 2022 and the production of 12.73 million bottles of slurry, we estimate the company ' s production of 13.73 million bottles of slurry through old slurry stations throughout the year, without taking into account the new slurry terminal 2023.
With optimism, it is assumed that 1.51 million bottles will be marketable from the beginning of q4. (4) Assuming that the average annual output of mature slurry stations is distributed over four quarters, the quarterly share of corporate sales is consistent with revenue. 1.33 million bottles at the beginning of 2023, the company’s inventory is already under considerable pressure at the end of the third quarter of 2023.
The stock of blood products in the fourth quarter is unlikely to meet market demand immediately. “+” represents an increase in stocks.) A small increase, so it is expected that the blood products produced by the new plasma station in 2023 will be ready for sale in the yard or shop early in 2024.
Sale, as can be seen, has seen a small improvement in the ring in the first quarter of 2024, and a marked increase in income in the second quarter of 2024. As the price of the market remains high, and the blood products industry is expected to remain flat in the second half of 2024 in chapter II, market demand is expected to remain to be met.
In the third and fourth quarters of the year, the company is expected to continue to grow in volume, and the same business and ring ratios are expected to grow. Skywalking organisms: slurry delivers to meet high demand in the industry, the company is growing fast, and (ii) the company is growing fast, raising its growth space, earning $4.8 billion in 2028.
On September 27, 2023, the successful approval of the fourth generation of static human immune proteins (ph4) produced by the autonomous R & D of Chengdu was the first C-protein developed in China with a layered method, with many quality indicators above European and Chinese prescription standards. The total efficiency of treating the primary immunomunosolesis (itp) decreased was 87.0%, similar to international products of the same kind;
After more than two decades of development, the U.S.-American market is now dominated by 10% ivig.
As early as 2003, the first 10% of grifols was marketed in the United States, and the products of other manufacturers have since been marketed, such as gammagardliquid (Baxalta) in 2005, and privigan (cslbehringag) in 2007.
In recent years, 10% of the country’s main players in the market have been Chengdu, under the company’s flag, as well as your state, Taibang, Boya Beast, Wallan Beast, and so on. There are now 10% of the companies, and the fastest progress is in your state, except for the Tianxian Beast, whose products are already in progress.
In March 2024, they were approved. Next, Boya Biology, which has completed three clinical sessions and obtained a supplementary notice of acceptance: the Waran Biology has completed the iii phase of clinical research and is in the stage of filing for listing.
Skywalker: Slipped to meet high demand in the industry, the company was growing fast, and, with 10% more QC and 10% QC versus 5% more in developed countries, we think that 10% QC would open up a new growth curve for the company, and the income from the QP would rise. And below, we're looking at the future of the company QC.
Measurement 1: The current sales and unit prices of the company ' s static block (1) are well developed and the company ' s out-of-court ratio is expected to be slightly higher than the industry level, thus assuming that its sales in and out of the yard are 5:5.
(2) Through the sales structure of the sample hospital and the sample pharmacy, we split the business income corresponding to the company’s brands. (3) We assumed that the price of the plant was 80% of the terminal price, based on the terminal price of the sample hospital and the pharmacy, so that in 2023 the company as a whole sold about 4.18 million bottles of 2.5 g vetex, and the price of the entire flat was about $556.
Calculating 2: The size of the company's future revenue from the static block Core assumption 1 (volume of sales): (1) In the first half of 2024, the number of batches issued by the company is stable in the event of a decline in the total number of batches issued by the firm. At the same time,
Replenishment of stocks. Computation completes the acquisition of the Chinese Red, and we expect the company to achieve the same level of static sales at a high base in 2023: slurry delivery meets high industry demand and the firm is growing fast. (1) As mentioned earlier, we assume that the ratio of sales in and out of the yard is 5:5, based on the company's presence in sample hospitals and pharmacies.
The unit price scenario, calculated as 42.5 per cent and 57.5 per cent respectively of the company's sales volume in 2023. (2) Subject to policy advances such as prescription outflows, drigs, in-house drug use, etc., the overall environment is better off, and 10 per cent of the sales in 2026 and 2027 may result in an increase in the proportion of the total in-hospital value, but due to the company
(1) 5g, 10% of the VCP is $2,480. Assuming that 5% of the VCP is 80% of the VPC, and given the need to reserve more space for distributors in the lead-up to the roll-out of new products, it is assumed that 10% of the VCP is now 60% of the VPC. (2) In the future, 10% of the other manufacturers will be on the market, competition will be intense, and there will be plenty of room for negotiation in the health sector in the provinces.
As a result, 10% of the price of Qing C is expected to decline in the future, and with the completion of the extensive netting, it is expected that the market will decline faster. Core scenario 4 (promotion speed): (1) 10% of the expansion of Qing C has progressed steadily throughout 2024, and multi-provincial city reconnection has been completed, such as Chongqing, Heilongjiang, and Guangxi.
In 2025 and 2026, 10% of the other plants will be on the market, and the overall market expansion is expected to accelerate. (2) According to sample hospitals and pharmacies, Yong will now account for about 60% of sales to the company as a whole, and only Chengdu has been approved for 10% because of the number of children in the skyscrapers. Given the impact of 10% of the Qin C specifications, it is assumed that it will be completed by 2028.
In 10% of herbs, 10% of herbs in the company as a whole are sold 50%. Skywalkers: slurry delivery meets high demand in the industry, Silicon Dynasty is fast growing, markets are already in place, and by 2028, Silicon Cube revenues are expected to grow to $4,819 million, with five years of cagr.
(iii) Underside Injecting IUDs are expected to be another growth point in the future. Underside Injecting Human IUDs are an immunoglobin agent used to treat adaptive conditions such as primary immunodeficiency (pid). Compared to traditional intravenous IUDs, sciggs are user-friendly and home-able.
According to China’s Clinical Trial Registration and Information Platform, a clinical trial for injecting immunoglobin under the skin of Chengdu Yong has been completed. Ignore sciig as opposed to ivig, the approved cycle of 10% ivig is taken into account.
In 2026, 20% of the company's scig is expected to be approved: slurry delivery meets high demand in the industry, the Scidie-driven company is growing fast. There are currently few scigs in the pipeline, and competition is expected to be better in the future.
By reference to this clinical cycle, Chengdu is expected to have a market vacuum of at least two to three years to perform well in all aspects of scig, and is expected to replace 10% of sci-c in the future. The 20% of Scig currently under study is the latest generation and the protein content is raised from the traditional 100g/l to 200g/l, significantly reducing the time needed for patients to lose and lose.
From a patient’s point of view, scig is able to manage itself, pay money at home, save time and cost of transportation and visits, and improve quality of life. According to Kilifor’s investor exchange materials, some European countries prefer the preferred method of treatment for g-based drugs to scig.
From a hospital and government perspective, scig can change the need for regular “month-long hospitalization” of patients with primary immuno-deficiency, thereby saving medical resources and keeping the cost of hospitalization under reasonable control. Each side has the incentive to scig scig scigs: slurry delivers to meet high demand in the industry, and slurry drives the company to grow fast.
Chart 39: Scig is better than ivig, safety can be effective in reducing infection among patients, less adverse body effects, and effectiveness can be sustained at better ig levels over the course of the Pid treatment delivery cycle.
Easyness can be injected at home, comfort can significantly reduce the time and frequency of injections, individualized mini-pumps, and patients can customise treatment programmes according to their needs.
The annual sales of xembify have increased by 55.0%, 33.7%, and 37.3% over the last three years, and the increase is still high. As a result of the improved knowledge of the C-balls by doctors following the epidemic, combined with the advantages of the scig itself in terms of convenience and safety, it is expected that scig will become a completely new growth point for life on the planet in the next five years.
Skywalkers: slurry delivers to meet high demand in the industry, slurry meets high demand in the industry, slender drivers grow fast, acquisition of slurry stations deliver less than expected, and single-station slurry grow less than expected; 10% slurry spread less than expected; product safety, slender organisms: slurry delivers to meet high demand in the industry and slender drivers grow fast
Skygate Life: Slipped to meet high demand in the industry, and the Silicon Dynasty Drive is growing fast.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.