Salt Lake shares (000792.sz) Salt Lake shares: expansion of lithium carbonate production, which is expected to improve corporate profitability
The company plans to launch a 50,000-ton/year battery-grade lithium carbonate project, and has now obtained a notification from the Qinghai Economic and Informationization Committee for the new 30,000-ton/year battery-grade lithium production project from Salt Lake Biadi, respectively.
(b) The Ton/year battery-grade lithium carbonate project, with a total investment of $3.13 billion, and the expansion of the post-partum lithium carbonate installation in the blue lithium industry will reach 30,000 tons/year lithium carbonate.
New energy cars are a definite trend, lithium carbonate improvement companies are profitable, and annual new energy cars are sold at around 750,000 vehicles, an increase of about 50% over the same period. In 2019, new energy cars were evaluated and continued support was provided at the policy level, and we believe that new energy vehicles will be available in the longer term.
The company plans to launch 50,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate, which is expected to be released gradually in the future.
The market price for lithium grade carbonate is about $140,000 per ton, and Māori levels are expected to remain at about 60% or more, which is expected to lead to significant improvements in corporate profitability. Lithium salt lake is expected to break through, with cost advantages driving up penetration rates.
At present, the company has 10,000 tons of industrial-grade lithium carbonate, which is extracted from old halo from the production of potassium fertilizer as a raw material, and the company has introduced Russian cash-based lithium withdrawal equipment. According to estimates, the cost of extracting lithium carbonate from salt lakes can be controlled at around 30,000, well below the current cost of lithium from mines.
In the future, there will be an increase in the amount of lithium from salt lakes as they mature further, as well as in the amount of demand from downstream. The peak in the production of potassium potion has come to an end, and industry pressure is expected to subside.
At its peak in 2016, the world ' s major potassium fertilizer producers will be able to expand their production capacity, with a total of six new mines to land in the next three years, with a significant slowdown in the expansion of global potassium fertilizer capacity, with some of the withdrawals of old production capacity during the same period, as well as domestic production restrictions for environmental reasons, significantly easing current supply pressures.
Potassium fertilizer, the main use of high-value-added agricultural crops, is the lowest among the three main types of fertilizers, but its share has increased rapidly in recent years with the upgrading of diets; globally, it has been mentioned that since 14.4 per cent of salt lakes in 2009 lithium lifting technology has fallen short of expectations, with high costs of lithium carbonate at the salt lake battery level and a significant decrease in the price of lithium carbonate.
The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks to be independent, objective and impartial, with no third party's recommendations or conclusions, or any other party's recommendations.