Potassium Fertilizer is a profitable business, and the Salt Lake Lithium Project has a share in Salt Lake, Salt Lake (000792) incident review.
Liu Woo-joo has recently increased the price of potassium fertilizer. The price of potassium chloride has risen by 8.6% since the beginning of November.
Research assistant: Zhang Mingjian, the advantage of the country's potassium-fat dragon is clear, and the business of potassium-fat is making a steady contribution to the profitability of the country's potassium-fat industry, which is highly concentrated and still has a high external dependency.
The global concentration of potassium salt resources is high, with Canada, Russia and Belarus owning 89% of the world ' s potassium salt stock. As a result of the scarcity of potassium salt resources in our country, the country ' s potassium salt resources are scarce.
The fertilizer sector has been dependent on imports, with self-sufficiency at around 50% per year, and is more affected by the international market for potassium fertilizer. Three major producers of potassium fertilizer in North America (potashcorp, mosaic, agrium) and two producers of potassium fertilizer in Eastern Europe (uralkall, uralkall, etc.)
A global oligarch in potassium fertilizer, which accounts for about 70% of the world’s potassium fertilizer, and has a strong voice in the potassium fertilizer market, the country’s present capacity for potassium chloride is about 9.5 million tons, the shares of the two giant salt lakes and the share of the world’s salt lakes.
\triangleright Tibetan Holdings co-developed the resources of the Salt Lake of Tharkhan, with a total capacity of 7.5 million tons of potassium chloride, accounting for about 80% of the country’s total capacity.
It accounts for 58% of the country’s total potassium fertilizer capacity. As a result of the shortage of domestic potassium salt resources, it is difficult for indigenous enterprises to expand their potassium fertilizer capacity rapidly, and the market patterns that dominate the country’s potassium fertilizer market will be maintained for a long time.
The country ' s potassium fertilizer industry is still at the bottom of the cycle, and from 2012 onwards, a significant increase in the capacity of foreign potassium fertilizer producers has led to potassium fertilizer \triangleright
Since 2012, the market for potassium fertilizer has entered a downward cycle of eight years. During this period, the bpc (belaruspotashcorpation) of one of the two major potassium cartels in the world has disintegrated, in part increasing potassium.
As a result of the international market, domestic potassium fertilizer prices have continued to decline, and domestic potassium fertilizer producers have performed poorly. In the coming years, foreign potassium fertilizer producers are still planning new potassium fertilizer.
The \triangleright import price of potassium fertilizer is usually lower than the domestic price of potassium fertilizer, which is subject to short-term or continued pressure.
From the beginning of the fourth quarter of this year, the domestic price of potassium fertilizer has recovered. On the demand side: four quarters are a season for traditional potassium fertilizer purchases, influenced by winter storage, and prices have increased seasonally.
On the supply side: on the one hand, the market price for potassium fertilizer has been depressed through the months of September and October, and the market supply and demand have been tightened by the suspension of the market price premium for potassium fertilizer traders; on the other hand, the production of small and medium-sized producers of potassium fertilizer has been limited and the supply has been cut down in the near future owing to environmental impacts; on the international market: standard CCM prices for potassium in South-East Asia have been 250 to $265 per ton, approximately 2000 to $2150 per ton.
Domestic manufacturers take advantage of the opportunity to raise prices. Inventory end: According to Treasure Information, the stock of potassium fertilizer in the main coastal ports of the country is conservatively estimated at about 1.82 million tons, a decline of 14.2 per cent from the previous year.
2. Lithium salt lake development is expected to break through, benefiting fully from the demand for lithium resources, and the outbreak of new energy car demand, leading to a rapid increase in upstream lithium resource demand. As a result of the non-release of most of the lithium production capacity under construction in the short term, the country is currently developing a salt lake halogen, and the global production of lithium salt products from halogenated water has accounted for more than 85 per cent of the total lithium product.
The cost of the process of extracting lithium from salt lakes averages no more than 25,000 yuan/tonne, which is the average cost of ore extraction. But salt lakes in the Qinghai region have too high a lithium ratio, and the extraction process is still in the snug phase. The most commonly used process is adsorption.
In 2010, the company used the advanced international Russian ion exchange technique of lithium adsorbent to produce lithium carbonate based on halogen after potassium peri-hydrate from the Salt Lake of Tharhan. The company currently produces industrial lithium carbonate, producing 10,000 tons of capacity, and in March this year implemented a refilling process for the production plant, which is now largely complete and is expected to produce some of the battery-grade lithium carbonate in the future.
Lithium Acid Project, which is expected to be operational by 2019. We expect the company to produce about 6,000 - 7,000 tons of lithium carbonate in 2017 and about 10,000 tons in 2018, with greater profitability and potential for future profit growth.
- The chemical phase one-two project suffered from a similar decline due to the expansion of chlor-alkali, pure-alkali, coke, synthetic ammonia, and methanol. The provincial security authorities have recently verified the chemical phase one project and, pending verification, are expected to determine the timing of the resumption, and the impact of the 6.28 accident is expected to be phased out.
The damage caused by the 2.14 fire accident has increased for the Haena Chemical Unit, which, according to information from Begawa, is currently parked but is now in a state of readiness for full recovery and is expected to recover in the near future; of the 14 main production units of the Metal Magnesium Integration Project, the pre-testing of the electrostone plant has been largely completed, the pre-testing of the vehicle is in condition, the rest are in condition for the test vehicle.
13 installation processes are fully functional. The devices are currently undergoing a full-scale test or upgrading of production loads, with the aim of reaching the production target at an early date. Overall, while corporate chemical operations have suffered short-term delays due to low start-up and re-enforcement, it is hoped that this will be followed by improved production and higher loads.
The decline in product prices and the pace of production of the salt lake lithium project have fallen short of expectations.
Figure 4: Global energy structure (by enterprise)
Figure 6: Disparities in the price of potassium fertilizer on the domestic international market Figure 7: Growth of domestic capacity Figure 8: Major producers of potassium fertilizer in the country
Figure 10: External dependence of domestic potassium fertilizer Figure 9: Growth of domestic demand Source of Eastern financial intelligence
East's financial and intellectual boom, Salt Lake shares (000792). Potassium fertilizer operations are making a steady profit, and the salt lake lithium project is expected to break through.
Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space + Double Bachelor of Laws, cfa.
In 2016, he joined the East Hing securities.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Industrial Catalyzing and Response Engineering, 2 years of experience in chemical engineering, B.A. in Materials Chemistry, University of Beijing, University of Florida, United States of America, worked in Exxonmobil, 2015-2017.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.