The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which focuses on strengthening research and development, has seen a steady increase in the toothpaste market and a steady increase in the abundance of high-health products.
The net profit from maternity is 1.3 billion yuan (+61.1%) and the net profit from non-mortality is 1,120 million yuan (+6.3%). Cuts continue to rise to 25%. The first half of the year also saw the launch of the Golden Feather Rainbow Toothbrush, which is fast-tracked.
For the pharmaceutical industry, the main product, the main product, the cloud of southern white aerosols, earned more than $900 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 18.2 per cent over the same year.
• The disposal of traded financial assets has accelerated, with a sustained focus on the main industry for intensified R & D. The company’s non-recurring losses and losses in the last three quarters totalled $270 million, including investment earnings of $220 million and government subsidies of $110 million. As of the date of the disposal of some stocks and fund investments, stocks have been fully disposed of and the main focus has been achieved.
In Tianjin, the three-quarterly company's fully-owned subsidiary, Yun N.P. (Tianjin) Ltd., was set up in Tianjin to build a 6,000-metre nuclear drug research and development centre in Tianjin. The online channel is growing rapidly and its coverage is widening.
At the end of the day, the share of income from online channels for health products rose further to 16%, and the share of income from the same source of income increased by 90% in the first half of the year. At the bottom of the line, a series of outreach activities in the area of oral care, such as Operation Blue – fresh conservation, good health, etc., reached 10,887 sites, covering 129 cities.
1. Yunnan Pharmacy (000538). The main business is growing steadily, and Novo will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.