3-quarter performance is stable and profitability continues to improve Investment rating: increase (maintenance) \triangleright
Three-quarterly report on Yunnan Pharmacy, with companies achieving gross operating income of $29,689 million in the first three quarters of 2023, i.e. +10.30 per cent in the same year; net profit return of $4,123 million, i.e. +78.90 per cent in the same year; stable performance of the first three quarters, with high growth at the profit end of the single quarter
In a single quarter, 23q3 companies achieved gross operating income of $9.379 billion, or +5.40 per cent of the year; net return to mothers was $1,295 million, or +61.05 per cent of the year; net profit from non-return to mothers was deducted 1,16 million percentage points. Net interest rates increased significantly, and profitability continued to optimize.
New layout of foundational nuclear research and development, (bu) new performance growth point: $219 million in corporate research and development investment in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 5.17 per cent over the same period of the previous year.
The construction of a 6,000 m2 nuclear drug research and development centre in Jin, which will plan a 2,000 m2 radiological site, establish a systematic research and development system through the development of a proprietary research and development platform, effectively improve the efficiency of research and development of nuclear drugs, and provide a good basis for companies to innovate in the distribution of medicines.
The company works closely with the Department of Medicine at Beijing University, using Beijing University, Yunnan International Center for Research in Pharmacy, as an important bridge to explore a platform for collaborative research and development of innovative models.
The team of young experts in the pipeline moves to a two-channel model of “internal development + external introduction.” A comprehensive push to deepen the layout of the new business module (bu).
A new business model to create a new performance growth point for companies.
At the profit end, the four major business lines continued (toothtalk) oral science brands cover all oral preservation products, including smart electric toothbrushes, toothwashers, personal brushes, mouthwash, gel, oral spray.
Yunnan White Pharmacy Review: Core, etc. Backstage says brands are connected through the oral advisory service platform, "Look at 1" small program.
c End user, precision for private domain operations. Precision U.S. Operations Module (bu) is based on the US-American flagship shop and expands the U.S.-A. Health Operations Module (bu) is dedicated to producing functional food and science-based nutrition products.
The commercialization platform, which focuses on power providers based on traditional channels such as the White Life Plus, is currently operating 23 online shops. The Smart Technology Business Module (bu) is officially operational and is dedicated to fighting the Yunnan Phenomenon.
Create a global digital platform. \triangleright \triangleright
There is uncertainty about policy changes, the returns from new drug research and development are not as good as expected, and the new market is not opening up as expected. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market, and I do not have any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor about the information and advice contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.