Portfolio and sales operations contributed to high performance, management readjustments, transformative savings for wealth management Eastern wealth (300059.sz)
Events: Eastern Wealth Annual Report 2020 and First Quarterly Report 2021, which achieved operating income in 2020. Wang Qing Dynasty Securities Operations and Fund Transfers led to a significant increase in performance throughout the year and in 1q21.
\triangleright meets expectations, mainly due to a significant increase in commission and interest income as a result of the volume and size of stock exchanges in brokering operations, as well as the Fund ' s third-party sales services operating fund transactions and surrogate funds
In addition, corporate cost controls are better and the advantages of size are evident, with sales rates corresponding to -2.26 pct to 6.35% in 2020, sales revenue rising, financial e-commerce, securities business, financial data, advertising
Brokering and blending markets have increased further, with the alpha advantage highlighted. 1) Brokering: \triangleright brokering has grown strongly (Risk + 37%, yoy + 81.3% throughout the year).
Prior-period judgment: when the market rebounded, the dominant position of the GDR was strongly reacted to, reflecting the strong alpha attributes of the advantage of the flow. q1 averaged 9436.8 per day, compared to 9.75 per cent, the ring, owing to strong brokering, produced a two-fold lag effect, adding up the company ' s 13 billion dollar corporate debt.
In 2020, interest income was 1.54 billion yuan and +88.7 per cent, cinda securitiesco., Ltd.
1q21 with a balance of 16547.8, +55.4 per cent, the ring +22 per cent. The city's share is higher than at the end of the year.
This year’s growth is expected to continue. The increase in fund sales and the increase in non-fund holdings has contributed to the growth of sales.
The size of the fund is 1.3 trillion yuan, or +97 per cent, of which the size of the foundation has grown rapidly, to 699.07 billion yuan, yoy + 86 per cent. In the case of the new fund, in 2020, the entire market foreclosure was active, with the share of the industry public fund distributed over the year being 3.13 trillion.
Compared to +111.6 per cent, and similar to the balance of the last three years, equity fund issuances rose sharply, reaching 1.98 per cent of the revenue generated by the e-commerce operations of the Fountains, accounting for $2.96 billion in sales of the Fondos throughout the year, compared with +139.7 per cent of the increase in the 1q21 sector IDF, with a new public fund of $1.03 trillion.
We believe that the increase in sales revenue at the front end of Toyochi, in addition to the large increase in the size of the Fund, is more important than the increase to 88%, which boosts the proceeds of the 1q21 Eastern Fiscal Fund to +141.9% to $1.28 billion.
Gold has not been redeemed on a large scale, which has contributed to the growth of sales operations. We believe that, given the fact that the sky fund continues to be a leader in the industry of the Fund’s products and foundations, the size of the fund is far greater than the competition, and that day funds are well established in the same kind of vertical financial websites, with user flows and capital flows.
In addition, day-to-day funds have a premium on the commission, and the back-end share is expected to rise, making up for the front-end price wars, and
Management adjustments are intended to introduce a younger workforce and to upgrade the company’s proactive management. In fact, the announcement of directors’ resignations, senior managers’ by-elections, and the hiring of senior managers.
He resigned as Managing Director and continued to serve as Chairman of the Board; Shi Jia resigned as Director of the Board; Lu resigned as Director, Deputy Director General, Secretary of the Board, etc.; former Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Eastern Economy and Securities, Jung Liquequin, took over as Managing Director; former Assistant General of the Ministry of Economy and Finance, Huang Jianhai, took over as Deputy General Manager, Financial Director (with Merrillian and Lehman background).
Ka Xin's development experience, Ka Xin went through a process of low commission taking over the city - extended M & A - transformation of wealth management.
With dynamic products dominated and low per capita aum, the future will increase the layout of wealth management and enhance proactive management capacity. This management shift will also serve to rejuvenate, professionalize, internationalize the management team, seize the opportunities of the Internet age, and transform the management of wealth.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: companies are leading Internet bond dealers, and the advantages of flow and scale have emerged. The securities business is expected to increase further, with the prospect of a market share based on online flow advantages, low commission rates, and low financing costs.
Model expansion is expected to accelerate. The Fund’s niche is consolidated, and the increase in non-capital holdings leads to the back end of figure 2: The stock of two-square businesses continues to rise. Figure 3: Number of Fund sales books and sales (billions, tens of thousands)
Figure 4: Number of distributors and fund products, Figure 5: Structure of Eastern Wealth Income, Figure 6: Rolling Eastern Wealth, Figure 3
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated from International Finance Studies at the University of Duren Enterprises, United Kingdom, has served as Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Operations Department, and has worked on the Sino-China Portfolio Portfolio and the Chinese-Kore Securities. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with responsibility for non-sink money and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in the non-sink finance sector for months.
Wang Jing, a graduate in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 to conduct research on the non-banking financial sector, which has no, no, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.