Haffold securities have a flow and price advantage, and overseas operations increase competitive barriers.
• Active placement of overseas operations, enhancement of barriers to competition, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings
Volume and capital advantages will help companies to develop overseas operations with overall synergies, increasing the number of users, and it is expected that business development will expand the corporate portfolio, leading to an increase in performance and an increase in barriers to competition. It is expected that the current stockholders have a price and flow advantage, and that rapid growth will be expected in the future.
(1) Haffou securities have Hong Kong license plates Nos. 1, 4 and 9, have securities trading, offer advice on securities, offer qualifications for asset management operations, and are eligible for membership in the London Stock Exchange and the Greenstone Trading Platform. (2) On price, Huffon securities have a better commission rate compared to Internet coupons, and finance has a higher leverage rate, with annual melting
(b) Low interest rates; various forms of entry and no threshold of entry for HFO securities; greater functionality of the product, with separate entry points for HCF and HFO offering equity strategies; and greater preferences for HFO securities for both new and old customers, along with activities such as the introduction of Hong Kong stock bill charges;
At the end of April, the wealth and wealth of the East stood at 16,831.9 million people, and the wealth of the East was expected to flow rapidly. With prices and activity advantages, Haffou securities are expected to grow rapidly in the future.
The annual Eastern Wealth Report 2020 and over 10,000 people in 2021, while the scale of online securities trading from offshore investors on the mainland will rise from $45.16 billion in 2018.
The Eastern Wealth 2020 fast-forward review - amid rising demand for overseas investment, the rise of the new economy and the acceleration of market listing in Hong Kong and United States, leading investors to Hong Kong to Hong Kong, depending on the nature of their growth, the transfer of debt and the one-quarter report.
Stock transfer, offshore market space will continue to open, ahead of expectations, Internet wealth management champions.
Figure 1: The number of continental investors with overseas assets is expected to increase Figure 2: The number of overseas investable assets of continental investors is expected to increase