"Hafou Securities", internationalized fast-flash, 10/06/2021: announcement by Eastern Wealth International on 9/06/2021, by the company "Oriental Wealth International Securities"
The company was officially renamed Haffou Securities Ltd., which accelerated the process of internationalization.
The leading platform, backed by Eastern wealth, has brand security: Haffou is an all-embracing subsidiary of Eastern wealth, with Hong Kong license plates Nos. 1, 4 and 9 of 18 May 2020, with the qualifications to offer securities, offer advice on securities and provide asset management, and is recognized as a holder of the Hong Kong CVM.
Cards and Cards Group; membership of the London Stock Exchange and Greenstone Trading Platform, April 2020. 2) A two-wheel drive between easy-to-facilitating Internet platforms and low commission rates, providing a one-stop asset mix for clients. On-line platform: Haffou securities provide a port share commission rate of 0.025 per cent for customers (favour: 0.03 per cent)
And 0.49 cents/shares of US share commission (rich: 0.49 cents/shares) and valuable free real-time transactions to continuously optimize the experience of the customer trading stock. At the same time, customers are provided with diversified products such as Hong Kong stock shares, cattle bear certificates, etc. to meet different investor trading and wind control needs. 3) “Holocial delivery” to effect flow conversion and growth, internationalization of securities to accelerate liquidity: Café+Space gold network users depend on and are sticky and flow superior.
Hafu transformed into a new group of customers with whom the Hong Kong and United States shares traded, and Toyoshi introduced a strong policy of preferences for different groups (old client: 4 new experiences with the Hong Kong fee-0 unit at HK$175, 4 new experiences with the Hong Kong fee-0 unit at HK$100).
▪ The proportion of overseas investment assets of residents of the Mainland has been rising, the prospects for online trading are high: 1) the dividends are released, and our domestic investment assets have been rising, but there is still a certain gap in penetration rates in the more developed countries. In 2017, the total assets of our overseas investments amounted to $1.1 trillion.
Of this amount, US$ 0.6 trillion (year-on-year + 20 per cent), the penetration rate (total investable assets) is expected to increase, with the easing of regulatory restrictions on overseas investment, the proportion of resident overseas asset allocation is expected to reach US$ 37.7 trillion by the end of the year, of which Hong Kong’s online stock exchange accounts for US$ 37.7 trillion.
A total of $2.1 trillion, or a six-year compound growth rate of 31.6 per cent, is higher than the global compound increase (20.6 per cent). Internet voucher dealers are mainly dominated by on-line transactions, which we expect to reach at a new high with the spread of the Internet and the rapid spread of technology, adding to the catalytic effects of the 2020 global epidemic.
Internet voucher dealers will have a deep profit. 3) mature capital markets plus good investment targets, Hong Kong District and the United States are the preferred countries for overseas investment by Mainland residents: by 2020h1 our foreign equity voucher investments amounted to $41.6 billion (compared to +35 per cent), of which Hong Kong and the United States each accounted for.
The total size of the investment is 49% and 23% (73% of the total). The current stock market is still low in value, and the listing of new economic enterprises will attract inland investors into the stock market, which is more sophisticated than the capital markets of the Mainland, Hong Kong and the United States, and better mechanisms such as listing and de-marketing.
There's a lot of attraction for inland investors. The overseas layout will bring about an increase in the performance of the East, looking at the fast-growing equity market in the new era of wealth management, and the company’s performance is expected to continue to outpace expectations: about 60% of corporate fund operating revenue.
As of the end of December 2020, the Eastern Fiscal Fund was re-selling at the same scale as +97 per cent to $122.78 billion, resulting in sales revenues from the Eastern Fiscal Fund at the same level as +140 to +296 billion, and future increases in the wealth of the population are expected to increase steadily;)
Debt swaps replenish operating capital, and we expect high growth in securities brokers and blends: companies using the annual and one-quarter reviews of 2021: Internet wealth management biosphere and core competitive advantage for big users, 2020/2011q1 brokering
Performance supermarkets expect to increase liquidity by transferring $1.26 billion, or +88 per cent, of interest earned on annual Eastern securities, and are expected to further expand the brokering operations. 3) Management is new and old and looks forward to the long-term development of the company:
Corporate soul figures actually continue to be corporate directors, and the company’s long-term development strategy will not change. A new generation of business management teams is expected to lead the company to rejuvenation and internationalization, in the interest of public debt in the immediate future, and the growth of power will continue to grow.
The Division's strategy is to be put into place and implemented, with a view to the long-term development of the company.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to enter the gold development cycle as equity markets enter, 3 and Eastern Wealth (300059): Equity
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), there is an advisory board on securities investment.