Winch stock (300498) Agro-forestry and fishery costs are back on the rise, and three quarters are running out of money at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Summary of performance: In the first three quarters of 2023, the Winchester shares achieved operating income of $64,689 million, an increase of 15.80 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $4,530 million, a loss in the same year. The company’s yellow rooster industry was in a low-cycle period in the third quarter, with average prices for chicken sales and average prices for pig sales increasing overall in the third quarter.
The company's losses were reversed, but prices were still significantly lower than during the same period last year. 1) Biopone plates: in three quarters, the company sold 6.54 million meat pigs, an increase of 48 per cent over the same period; the combined cost of the company's pork farm fell to $8.1 per cathtly, and the quarterly ring fell by 0.4 per cattly. September fell to $7.9 per cattly.
Upgraded, but the price of feed raw materials and production costs of pig seedlings have been falling each month, and will gradually be reflected in the decline in pig-raising costs in the fourth quarter; 2) poultry plate: in the third quarter, the company sold 310 million chickens, an increase of about 5%. In the third quarter, the company’s chicken cost dropped to $6.6 a.m., and the quarterly ring decreased by 0.4 a.m.
The company’s capacity to produce pigs has grown steadily. In the previous three quarters, the company sold 18.33 million pigs, an increase of 48% over the previous three quarters.
So far, the company has about 1.56 million female pigs and 600,000 female back-up pigs. Given winter-time difficulties and company-run planning, it is expected to grow to more than 1.6 million female pigs by the end of the year.
The production performance of the pig industry is increasing every month, and it is expected to continue to achieve a reduction efficiency in 2023. Data on the number of pigs growing in September show that there were 42.4 million pigs in the country, 103.4% of 41 million in normal holdings, and that they were connected to a green and rational area that was regulated by capacity.
In the reporting period, the company sold 860 million chickens (chicks, fresh foods and cooked foods), an increase of more than 10%. At the end of the supply, the ability to defecate provides support. The parent reserve is currently low, and the chicken sales price is low. According to the Chinese poultry association, as of the end of August, the total stock of chickens is yellow husks.
25,983 thousand units, ring ratio - 0.8 per cent; 21,7008,000 units, ring ratio - 1.3 per cent of the total stock of substitute chickens by parents; yellow pheasant chickens, as a native species of the country, have a certain rigidity of demand at the demand side, which will be supported by a gap in supply and demand after the outbreak has been effectively controlled and adjusted for long periods of production.
At the end of the cycle, the atmosphere is somewhat sustainable. Performance pressure reduces the efficiency q2 ring ratio by 2. Winch shares (300498): pig feed, yellow chicken farming.
There has been a rise in the climate and a reversal in the steady growth of profits and losses. Nor has there been, nor will there be, any direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.