\triangleright \triangleright 28/10/2023
By the end of the third quarter of 2023, the company was able to produce 1.56 million pigs, with a reserve of about 600,000 pigs. Given the difficulties of winter breeding and the company’s plan to go out, it is expected to grow to over 1.6 million pigs by the end of the year.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company managed to raise 25.11 billion yuan, or 3.6 per cent of the total; 860 million, or 10.1 per cent of the total;
The average price for the sale of chickens is 13.6 yuan per kilogram per kilogram, or 10.5 per cent per cent per year; the average weight on the column is 2.1 kg per kilogram, or +5.2 per cent per year. Corporate chicken production remains stable at high levels and the combined cost of farming is well controlled.
Productive capacity continues to change, and the size of the column is expected to expand steadily. Company production performance continues to improve, with a steady increase in \triangleright core production technology indicators.
Up to 85%, at a higher level than in the post-pest; the number of healthy people in the nests has remained at 10.9%; Psy has been steadily uplifted: the pig chickens are low-performing, and production is still steady at 10%. As pigs and chickens, the company continues to improve its management capacity, and the cost of farming has improved significantly.
There are plenty of productive reserves and a steady increase in future appearances is expected. \triangleright, Quarterly: 2022 Pork Resonance Implementation
During the course of the exercise, the company focused on pig-breeding and chicken-breeding, with an improved profitability trend.
Q: Pigs, chicken climate resonance, three-quarters high performance - Q2: q2 performance swings to a profit, leading ups are expected to rise in prices - 2022/08/19
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.