The new material became the company's second growth on the path of oil decline, and the key word: #Current Reverse# Second Curve  High Oil Price Clash led to a contraction of the price margin, and the refinery overhaul further pushed performance: The price gap was tightened:
In 2022, crude oil prices experienced a broad-banded shock, which, despite a downward trend in the second half of the year, was still at a high level compared with the previous year. Meanwhile, as a result of the wide drop in oil prices of q3 and q4, the demand for downstream markets was more demand-driven and market wait-and-see sentiment led to insufficient demand.
Refineries have led to changes in product structure, volume, and prices, leading to lower profits. The demand is gradually warming, and the profit from the purge is expected to improve: domestic: with the new crown epidemic improving, the demand for residential mobility and consumption will be released quickly, and domestic demand for wiring will be met or the opportunity to reverse at the bottom will be met.
Overseas: The pressure on shipping costs has been reduced significantly, and the recovery of overseas demand will be accompanied by a recovery in the future. End demand is expected to warm, stock pressure is reduced, and company performance will rebound, and it is hoped that there will be a loss.
“Smelting-Chemical-Purperate-New Materials” Great Chemical Platform Auxiliary Inc. Builds a second growth curve: the company's current production capacity consists of 20 million tonnes/year refining integration projects, 5 million tonnes/year modern coalification plants and 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene projects upstream of the industrial chain.
Power industry layout; 11.6 million tonnes/year pta production capacity in the industrial chain, run by Dalian Helium petrochemicals; 400,000 tonnes/year scrubber industrial wire, 2.43 million tonnes of civil scrubbing wire, 385,000 tonnes/year polyester film, 330 000/year pbat/pbs, 240,000 tonnes/year engineering plastic production capacity
The company maintains a development strategy of “upstream improvement, downstream enhancement” and is building projects that are rich: one phase of a fine chemical garden (carbon 2 chain), two issues (carbon 4 pet engineering plastics, degradationable plastics, etc.).
It will create the functional polyester film project, the lithium diaphragm project, and we are expected to increase the company’s performance significantly, and will boost the company’s profit center. Integration and synergy will give new growth opportunities to companies with increased demand for new energy materials under the “double carbon” goal.
On the one hand, during the “14th Five-Year” period, the additional refining capacity was strictly controlled and the refinery’s downgrading became the main trend, accelerating the improvement of the refining industry; on the other hand, the company’s layout of lithium diaphragms, electrolytes, electrolytes, etc.
The chain of industries for new downstream energy sources, including pet-copper-based and photovoltaic-backed sheet-based membranes, to complete the oil-reducing and efficiency gains.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: a company as a private-larger-refining leader, in the traditional chemical industry
New opportunities for development are expected in the context of increased concentration and the rise of high-tech barriers. Our chemical-refining platform develops new chemical-material operations, smooths cycle volatility, continues to contribute benefits, and covers the first buy-in rating.
Risk; risk of continued profit spread due to increased domestic pta production capacity; risk of excess refining capacity; risk of slow restoration of profits from downstream products; significant additions to the petrochemical industry under the “carbon neutral” policy; three financial projections for the hemospheric petrochemical industry
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board