Helium petrochemicals (600346.sh) The petrochemicals team sees the bottom of history, the path to recovery!
Helium petrochemicals issued a 2022 performance forecast on 30 January 2023, and the decline in crude oil prices led to weaker prices for final products and stock losses. Crude oil prices have fallen since the fourth quarter of 2022 and averaged $88.63 per barrel for the fourth quarter of 2022.
Short-term Pressure, Future Term! - Three Quarterly Review of Helium Fossilization, 16.92% lower ring ratio. The weighted sales price for q4 helium petrochemical single-ton products in 2022 was 6215 yuan/ton, 3.45% lower ring ratio, with crude oil prices unilaterally falling in demand for the end.
2. “The bottom of the landscape is more than expected! — the Helium petrochemical mid-point evaluation”, “The price of the boom end product is weak and the stock loss is delaying performance.” — “The bulk of new material is worth looking forward to!” — The Helium petrochemical Performance Review.
Year-round pta-px average price difference of $411 per ton. 9.5 per cent lower than in 2021; of this, four quarters average pta price difference of $375 per ton, ring narrow pta-px price differentials continued to narrow, adding up low end demand or resulting in a loss of company performance
Loss. In the second half of 2022, the difference in the price of chemicals such as polyolefins fell to the bottom of history, and in the second half of the year, the difference in the average price of polyolefins - crude oil was 2587 yuan per ton, a decrease of 15% compared to $3046 per ton in the first half of the year, significantly delaying the fourth quarter performance.
The company’s profitability is expected to be further repaired, and performance growth is more certain. The company’s overhaul of the refining integration project, which started in July and August, has now been completed, and the company’s production load is gradually recovering.
With new energy materials products such as pc, abs, pdo, ptmg and 1.6 billion new energy products, including lithium diaphragms, expected to be released gradually by mid-2023, the Division continues to promote the project for the deep processing of new energy materials and the promotion of end-product and crude oil end-prices.
With the recovery of profitability associated with the recovery of the economy, the growth of the company's performance is certain that, after the recovery of the economy, the price difference brings elasticity and new materials, deep-processed production can lead to the production of the open end product – the growth of the oil price gap.
1. Geopolitical disruption of the global crude oil market: 2. Disruption of demand from the outbreak: 3. United States strategic stocks for renewal: 4. Fed potential interest increase: 5. Sustained high crude oil prices stimulate oil and gas companies to modify capital expenditure plans for exploration and development: 6. Satellite positioning, tankers
Tracking data and third-party data errors: 7. Modeling errors, etc. 1 - Shortening product prices and pressure on company performance Helium petrochemicals issued a 2022 performance forecast announcement on 30 January 2023, and the company achieved return throughout 2022
There is a swing-cycle in the actual production of refining, assuming a swing-cycle of about one month, with a weighted sales price of 6215 yuan per tonne of q4 helium petrochemicals in 2022, a decline of 3.45 per cent in the ring comparison, a unilateral drop in crude oil prices and a weak end-point demand, and weak product prices and stock loss.
The low end demand contributed to a narrow spread in product prices, with pta levels or losses. The average price difference was $411 per ton in 2022, a 9.5 per cent decrease compared to 2021; of this, the average price difference was $375 per ton in four quarters and 33.5 per cent in the ring, a 32.9 per cent decline in the same period.
It fell to the bottom of history, with a difference of 2587 yuan/ton in the second half of the year, down 15 per cent from $3046/ton in the first half of the year, significantly delaying the fourth quarter performance.
Figure 4: Polyolefins - the original oil price gap has fallen to the bottom of history and the company’s profitability is expected to be further repaired and its performance growth is more certain. The company’s refining package, which began in July/August, will produce 260,000 tons of polycarbonate, 300,000 tons of abs, 72 million tons of pdo and 1.6 billion of lithium diaphragms per year.
New energy materials production capacity is being built, companies are continuing to promote projects for the deep processing of new energy materials, and it is hoped that profitability will be further repaired and subsequent performance growth will be more certain. Geopolitical disruption of the global crude oil market: changes in the situation in the Russian Federation, the advancement of Iran’s nuclear agreement, and the lifting of sanctions in Venezuela
(b) The outbreak disrupted demand: the current impact on global demand for crude oil has diminished, but the presence of new variants has the potential to negatively affect global demand for crude oil;
3 United States strategic inventory continued to release more marginal supplies: the current United States announced the release of 1 million barrels per day of strategic crude oil stocks, the end of supply or the resulting increase, followed by an increase in strategic inventory releases in the United States, or a four-dollar increase in the Fed ' s global demand for crude oil or a containment of end demand: the Fed increased interest or boosted the dollar index, while the dollar index and crude oil increased.
Prices tend to be negative, raising the Fed’s interest rates or perturbing the price of crude oil. Crude oil prices continue to be high, stimulating oil and gas companies to modify their exploration and development capital spending plans: the global supply of crude oil is short, and the conflict in Russia is driving the price of crude oil up rapidly, and if crude oil prices continue to be high, oil and gas companies are still in stock.
Possible modifications to the current capital expenditure plan: errors in satellite positioning and tanker tracking data have an impact on results; satellite data errors include positioning errors directly related to satellite positioning, as well as system errors related to satellite signal transmission and reception.
Various business institutions, government organizations, etc., have varying levels of data accuracy, which may lead to errors.8 Model compilation errors have an impact on results: due to the size of the data, the data are not perfect, and the models are not able to capture the data themselves in a perfect way.
An analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market, within one month, within two months, and within three months.