q1 q1 low-priced, profit-making decline, N-type climber ratio will continue on 24th of May 2024.
Research assistant Xu Xu
Building a “one-wing” business system that gradually expands operations such as storage energy and photovoltaic equipment. Companies have declined significantly, mainly from a 1q1 silicon price increase to a low component price, with most markets losing, with only a certain profit contribution from North America, with over 50% of the 2n product but still at a higher cost in the production uphill;
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: in view of increased industry competition and the pressure on the entire industry chain, we, Crystal Austrotech (002459): a dynamic assessment: a slight decline in single, changing strategic acceleration.
"Chrystal Technology" (002459): 2023 Mid-point Review: o2 single-watt profits have declined slightly, equity incentives 1.
Founded in 2005, the company began with a photovoltaic battery business, which gradually developed into a photovoltaic tap with the integration of silicon, battery, and components and downstream power station operations. In 2012, the compost 3gw integrated land became operational and the company was formally transformed into an integrated enterprise.
V. In November 2019, the company, which is a leading producer of photovoltaic products and one of the pioneers in the domestic photovoltaic industry, was successfully placed on the market to launch a new phase of development, including solar photovoltaic silicon bars, silicon tablets, batteries, and components, photovoltaic power station development, construction, and operation.
The entire industry chain, including equipment, has become one of the leading firms in the photovoltaic sector, where the industrial chain is complete, structured and coordinated. In recent years, companies have further strengthened their supply capacity for photovoltaic products, meeting the growth and diversification of downstream market demand, and consolidating their position as leaders in the photovoltaic industry.
In March 2024, as a fifth-volume single champion, Crystal and Australasia successfully re-elected as a single national manufacturing champion.
Based on a vertically integrated model of the solar photovoltaic industry chain, the company has long been working to provide global customers with photovoltaic system solutions. The main business is the development, production and sale of solar photovoltaic silicon tablets, batteries and components, the development, construction, operation of solar photovoltaic power stations, and the development, production and sale of photovoltaic materials and equipment.
Production plants are well organized in the country and abroad, mainly in Hebei Shijia and Xintai, Jiang Suyan, Tinless, Salt City and Lien Yun Harbour, An Liang Fatty, Shanghai Hsien, Zhejiang Yiu, Yunnan Qing and Inner Mongolia, Ordos, and overseas production plants are located in the North River of Viet Nam.
Based on the main industrial chain of “the photovoltaic industry”, the company continues to improve its organizational structure, establishing the Ministry of Smart Energy, increasing its input into downstream photovoltaic applications, expanding its centralized, commercial and household distributed photovoltaic power plants, developing the scale of construction, exploring the development of various photovoltaic applications simultaneously, as well as energy conservation and resource recovery.
Integrated energy solutions such as energy use, storage, carbon management: The establishment of the “New Light Voltage Enterprise” to strengthen the research and development of new photovoltaic materials and equipment, including such operations as photovoltaic crystallization equipment and assistive materials, photovoltage guidance materials and component encapsulation materials, contribute to the rapid development of supply security in the main industrial chain while continuously reducing costs.
The company adheres to the idea of “catching opportunities, making steady progress, generating efficiency gains”, building the architecture of a “one-wing” business system, working hard on high-voltaic intelligence manufacturing, working on the cutting-edge new materials and equipment industry, actively developing downstream light-voltaic applications solutions, and providing clients with the best quality integrated energy system solutions.
A robust component-based growth rate of millions of assets impaired and q1 non-recurring gains or losses largely related to the elimination of equity incentive costs, with slightly lower performance than expected.
Mainly, the 1q1 silicon price increase + component low price bill, most markets are losing, North America alone has a certain profit contribution, and 2n (1) policies are not as good as expected. Future policy moves have a greater impact on the profitability of the industry and on corporate performance. (2) Competition increases.
The three major financial forecasting tables of JST are now eligible for portfolio investment advisory services, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.