In 2023, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre performed well as expected, and overseas markets contributed significantly.
The sales volume of the industrial chain vertically integrated production plants, building assembly plants in the United States, provides a strong guarantee for overseas markets.
In 2023, overseas markets contributed significantly to the company’s profitability. In the Americas, the Māori rate was 36.56%. Vietnam’s silicon, battery/assembly subsidiaries (mainly exporting to the United States) contributed a net profit of 3.656 billion yuan and 1,597 million yuan, respectively.
About 62%, or 29% of the distribution volume. Impacted by increased competition in the industry and lower average prices for component delivery. The company’s new production-n-type capacity is still on the slope, with a greater impact on the 2024q1 level of profitability. As the new production-n-type capacity is completed, the costs are better controlled, and the company follows up on the profits.
• The integrated production profile is perfect and the n-type production capacity is ahead of schedule. By the end of 2023, the output of the company's components was more than 95gw and the production of silicons and batteries was about 90% of the output of the components, of which the n-type battery was more than 57gw. The company's mass production of the n-model (bycium+) battery conversion efficiency was 26.3%, and
In addition, new construction projects such as 5gw batteries in Viet Nam, 2gw components in the United States, 30gw crystals and silicon tablets in the Oldos High District, 30gw batteries, 10gw components will continue, as planned, with the company silicon tablets, batteries and others in line with its future production planning at the end of 2024.
The output of the components will be higher than 100 gw, and the vertical integration of the capacity will continue to increase. Profit forecasts. Companies will recover from increased competition in the industry, falling prices for component delivery, and increasing production efficiency of their own topcon output, with costs effectively regulated.
Vertically integrated production rate, N-type production profile leading, company net profit forecast from 2024-2026
Assumption 2: As the company ' s n battery capacity is uphill and costs are effectively controlled, the Māori component rate continues to return. On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2024-2026 as follows: