The q1 performance is under pressure, the global landscape is accelerating, and the company's 2023 annual report (002459), and the first quarter of 2024 are published.
In 2023, the company's components produced more than 95gw, silicon and electricity, about 90% of the component's capacity, of which the N battery produced more than 57gw.
In addition, new projects such as 5gw batteries in Viet Nam and 2gw components in the United States are moving ahead as planned, with more than 100gw of silicon, battery and group production capacity in the company by the end of 2024, as planned.
Many production applications, such as batteries and assemblies, have achieved high-level matching of upstream and downstream production capacity, increased production efficiency and effectively reduced product costs.
\triangleright, a new job that reduces costs while creating technical barriers.
Lcoe can be reduced by about 2.5 to 6 per cent, and bos costs can be authorized to patent 1,263 items, of which 285 are inventions, compared to the original version of the n component. Corporate globalization has a strong advantage, with more overseas deliveries.
At the same time, companies have established 13 sales firms abroad, selling services, and a network of 165 countries and regions around the world. In the short term, competition between firms has increased, and prices in the production chain have declined rapidly. In such an environment, companies with a global layout may be able to do so quickly.
Rapidly adjusting sales to higher-value markets, offsetting uncontrollable factors such as the state of markets in individual countries or regions, low valleys and frictions in international trade, and thus promising to maintain a robust development pattern
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
Risk factors: Halo-voltaic demand less than expected, risk of continued decline in the price of photovoltaic products, competitive patterns \triangleright joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in charge of research in the photovoltaic sector.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, joined the Sindam voucher research centre in 2022 for research in the electricity and storage industries. Sun Sun, Research Assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Finance, University of Shandong, joined the Sindam securities research and development centre in 2022 for new energy vehicles.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.