Ask the top of the dint steel, the abundance of the class responds to the need for upgrades - the first time Sinot steel (000708.sz) was covered by Sinot steel (000708.sz)
Sinot steel: To the top of the top of the top of the top, the seamless steel tubes are profitable. The company is a special, specialized steel-making consortium owned by the Sino-Tay Fu, with special steel rods, special steel wires, special slates, seamless steel tubes, special smelting exercises, six extended-processed plates, as well as refined materials, silver brights, cars.
Deep processing series, such as parts and components, are widely used in the fields of energy, automobiles, and machinery. The company has taken up the procession, the exchange of wind and wind power, the development of new energy steel with medium- and high-end automobiles, and has won. Since 2023, the company's high-temperature corrosive alloys, high-strength steel, and special stainless steel's "two tall and one-thousand" product.
Zhao Liang Bing has increased sales, accelerated the development of the Small Giants project, and managed to maintain weak cyclical properties. Special steel production processes are complex, and downstream and deep development drives quality upgrading.
Upstream, with more critical alloy elements, the industry generally determines how much of the alloy element is special steel. Overseas taps now account for about 80% of the world’s high-end steel market, with the domestic formation of multi-tonne-grade steel groups, such as trusted systems, bounties, sand and steel systems, and dragon systems, but overall production of special steel is in total.
In 2023, some 100 million tonnes/20.7% of the country’s special steel production, and some of the depths of robotics, environmental protection, etc., are bound to place higher demands on the quality and performance of the special steel. Companies are rich in product products, and actively push for intellectual transformation.
Over 5,000, to establish a system of control, monitoring and testing of the full-time quality from the material entry site to the finished-out plant, through precise control of the heating of steel water composition, temperature, as well as of the powder, heat protection, cooling processes, fine-tuning of the structure of the special steel material, meeting the demanding requirements of different applications for the special steel performance, bearing steel, etc.
The company invests more than a billion dollars a year in intellectual transformation, forming autonomous innovation and technology teams, and reducing efficiency gains by more than 100 million. The coverage gives a "recommended" rating to the medium-strategy steel.
The relative depth of 300 shows the risk; the risk of slow recovery in downstream energy, automobiles, machinery, etc.
I. Sinot steel: ask the top of the top of the top of the steel, question the top of the seamless steel pipe for profit; (i) question the top of the top of the top of the top of the steel, the top of the chain of the industry " Along the River + Coast" and the top of the top of the top of the top of the chain of the steel of the industry " Along the River + Coast".
The history of Sino-Thai Fu specialized steel manufacturing enterprise under the banner dates back to the Hanmelon Coal Factory Mining Company Ltd., created by Governor Zhang's Cave in the last year of the Qing Dynasty, founded in April 1993 in the Yellowstone City district of Hubei Province, where the original name of the Great Metallurgical Special Steel Company had limited shares, and the introduction from Germany of a line for the production of eugenic steel, which was made up of a small- and medium-sized steel chain, in March 1997 at the original deep-seated site, in 2004.
In November, Shintafu acquired the steel master assets of the original smelting group, organized the new smelting steel in Lake North and transferred it to the Sino-Tefu steel plate for 100 years. The following year, it lost its profits. In April 2008, it acquired the bronze star cokering project, formed the bronze masonry (renamed November 2015), and in May 2008, the Sino-Tefute steel group was formally formed in Shanghai.
In June 2018, through a regional reorganization, it consolidated the acquisition of Wallithian tin steel, to be known as Jingjiang Steel, and through its downstream company Jinnan's suspension, it brought together 17 steel companies under the banner to complete the entire market.
In January 2021, the special steel trade successfully won 40 per cent of the shares in the tubes and 20.4 per cent through its participation in the Tianjin tubes, overall responsibility for the production and operation of the Tianjin steel tubes, and in January 2023, Tianjin steel successfully won the remaining 60 per cent of the shares in the tubes, and through its holding steel tubes, the production of special steel materials was raised to 20 million tons per year in June 2023, and under the December 2023 flag.
It's the world's first lighthouse factory in the special steel industry. It's a company that's developed over a period of time. It has special steel rods, special steel wires, special panels, seamless steel tubes, special smelting exercises, extended processing of six panels, and deep-processed series such as modifiers, silver and car parts. It has over 3,000 product types and over 5,000 specifications. It's widely applied.
Automobile manufacturing, electrical energy, engineering machinery, orbital transport, rail transport, bridge construction, marine ships, petrochemicals, etc. In the first half of 2024, the company ' s special steel rods and seamless steel pipe operations accounted for a relatively high operating income of close to 40 per cent and 25 per cent, respectively, and the products should be distributed in industry, with energy, automobiles and mechanical equipment ranked in the third highest category.
Table 1: Introduction to the main products of Sino-Sinte Steel (ii) Tightening the downstream industry to the bottom, where seamless steel tubes are relatively strong compared to the profitability of special panels; Tightening the downstream industry to the bottom, where seamless steel tubes are relatively strong compared to the profitability of special panels.
The Fed's rapid expansion, interest hikes, etc., long-standing high prices of raw materials, rising geopolitical conflicts, increased trade and protectionism, disruption of supply chains, domestic “double control” of production capacity and energy consumption policies in the steel industry, clearer targets for “double carbon” and elimination of export tax refunds, inevitable “high profits” and full corporate synergy.
Since 2023, the company has become more active in overseas markets, with high-temperature corrosive gold, high-strength steel, and special stainless steel with higher- and medium-end steel.
In recent years, the company’s costs have been well regulated, with the cost rate stable at around 7% over the period, and since 2024, several key technological economic indicators of affiliated enterprises have been the highest in history, and the overall cost of iron and water has crossed into the country’s first series, front, and iron.
Multi-programming processes such as coke, steel behind steel, coal-based mining have been coordinated, effective iron and steel connections have been achieved, and physical zero-stock management has been promoted, while digitalization has accelerated, with platforms such as ai+ layout, online smartball integrated control, digital twinling, etc. (iii) Centralized equity structures, with a large number of controlling affiliates.
As of September 2024, the top 10 shareholders in the company held 87.3% of the total, the first largest shareholder, 75.1% of the investment stock, the first major shareholder, 75.1% of the shareholders in the company, and the actual controlling group, 83.8% of the indirect holdings in Thai capital, new steel, and Thai wealth. The equity structure is concentrated, with 1.6% of the deep shareholders, and the fifth to tenth largest shareholders.
The SWF, the Public Fund, the securities administration, and the life insurance institutions hold less than 1% of the shares. Sino-Sinte Steel has 48 participating companies, of which 4 are fully-owned, including one special steel manufacturing base, Zhejiang steel pipe, one holding company, and three specialized steel manufacturing bases, Jinjita steel, Qingjia steel, and two raw materials production units.
The rest of the Tianjin steel tubes of the base steel manufacturing base are its indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. Figure 8: Sintex stock structure as of mid-September 2024
According to the National Economic Industry Classification (gb/t4754-2017) published by the National Statistical Office, the company is part of the “c3130 steel pressure extension processing industry” in the “c31 black metal smelting and pressurization industry”.
(i) Special steel production processes are complex, domestic high-end products are scarce, special steel plates are numerous and alloy content is defined. Special steel is a type of use with special chemical components and metallurgical quality requirements, special tissue patterns and performance (high accuracy, high purity, high evenness, high biological compatibility, etc.), and special process techniques are used for processing.
Iron and steel materials for the manufacture of special equipment and key parts and components are more complex, more intensive and chemically classified into carbon steel, low alloy steel, alloy steel and, by use, structural steel and other special steel, carbon-based steel and alloy-structured steel.
The typical applications of the plant structure steel are gaskets, nails, etc., the typical applications of the alloy structure steel are ships, cars, boilers, gears, cams, axes, poles, etc., the tool steel can be divided into carbon-tool steel, alloy-tool steel, high-speed-tool steel, carbon-tool steel, etc., the typical applications of the alloy-tool steel should be drills, blades, etc., and the typical applications of the alloy-tooling steel should be pressurized and heat-removable, blade-processed, etc., and the typical should be the high-speed tool steel.
Other special steels can be divided into axle bearings, spring steel, stainless steel, electric silicon steel, high-temperature alloys, axle bearing steel with typical applications of axle bearings, rolling bodies, etc., springing steel with typical applications of springs, elastic elements, etc., stainless steel with typical applications of acid-resistant equipment and pipes, car exhaust tubes, blades, turbo blades, high-intensity corrosion bearings, etc., and electric silicon steel with typical applications.
Applies to electric machines, transformers, etc., high-temperature alloys are typically applied to turbines, turbo blades, combustion chambers, boxes, etc. In comparison with steel, the steel industry chain has three species of chromium, nickel, molybdenum, molybdenum, manganese, silicon, etc., in addition to the conventional raw materials such as iron ore, scrap steel, coke, coal, limestone, and other key alloy elements, such as chromium, nickel, molybdenum, manganese, silicon, for example, when chromium content rises.
Hard steel components such as seven chromium carbide increase the grindability of the steel. In the industry, the quality of the steel is generally determined by the content of the alloy element. Non-alloyed steel and low alloy steel are low end steel, steel with alloys represented by structural steel, bearing steel and spring steel are medium end steel, steel with alloying models, high-speed steel, high-temperature alloy steel, fine alloy steel, high-end steel with high- alloy steel, and steel with corrosive steel.
Special steel production processes are divided into three main types: (1) electric furnaces (short processes), electrical furnaces with secondary refining and casting systems; (2) trans- furnaces (long processes), pre-processing furnaces with iron and water with secondary refining and casting systems; and (3) special metallurgicals, special smelting (real ' abstinence smelting, vacuum self-smelting, vacuum arc remelting, electronic beam remelting, plasma remelting, etc.).
Globalization of steel products is clear, and domestic value-added is high. Globally, the U.S., Japan, Germany, and other steel powers have experienced a process of joint global restructuring from domestic mergers to the end of the 20th century, but the dynamics and characteristics are different. The US relies on its powerful defense force and aerospace power to form a steel industry dominated by high-end products, especially nickel-based alloys, Japan.
Backed up by its booming car manufacturing, Germany is the world’s largest car-producing country, with its leading position in the field of equipment manufacturing, leading to special steel development, and other European countries being better at providing specialized lines of steel. At present, Temuken (United States), Kobe (Japan), Tissen Krupp (Germany), Santwick (Sweden), Schaefu (Sweden)
The foreign leaders of Sweden, Anselemital (Luxembourg) and others account for about 80% of the world’s high-end steel market, and the industry-specific division of labour is becoming thin, and the production trend is evident, for example, in Santevik and Skeifu, which are already well known in the field of tools and bearings. The domestic steel industry was initially set up to serve the defence forces, aerospace, and, since the 1980’s, with private and co-operative companies.
The emergence of capital enterprises, the introduction of advanced technology and modern equipment from overseas, the gradual improvement of the long-term process process, and the break-through of the special metallurgical process have led to a boom in the country's automobile industry since the twenty-first century, a sharp shift in the mechanical industry, a rapid increase in the production of steel, and a growing variety of varieties. The domestic steel industry has been integrated since the 11th Five-Year Plan, thanks to the dual role of government orientation and market allocation.
Phase: Guidance for the Promotion of Quality Development in the Steel Industry, published by the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Eco-Environment in January 2022, with a clear call for steel companies to focus on the upgrading of downstream industries and strategic emerging industries, with a focus on the development of high-quality special steel and high-end equipment, with a section on advanced steel materials referring to steel for ships and marine engineering equipment, steel for transport equipment, steel for energy equipment, steel for steel for industrial equipment, steel for industrial equipment, steel for industrial equipment, steel for industrial equipment.
Air and space steel, electronic information steel. Large steel companies in the country are now located mainly in four industrially developed regions: East, North, North-East, and South-central. Special steel sales account for about 80 per cent of the country. With the exception of stainless steel, the rest of the products are concentrated along the East China coast and form a system of trust, martial arts, sand and steel, and dragons.
Tens of millions of tons of super-styres, but overall, the output of the domestic special steel industry is small in total production, with the domestic output of the special steel industry in 2023 being about 100 million tons/-20.7 per cent, or 10.2 per cent of the production of rough steel. There is still much room for growth compared to 20 per cent of the experience of the iron and steel powers abroad. According to the General Customs Administration, the average unit price of the domestic import of the special steel in 2024 was almost double that of exports, and the export of the poles in the super-styres was matched by the export of the steel.
The amount of wire material is larger, the size of the plate and the size of the material is smaller, and there is an urgent need to increase the value added. (ii) The amount of wind special steel is over 20%, the strength of car special steel is ahead, the strength of wind special steel is over 20% and the strength of car special steel is ahead.
The country’s lifeline, its productive capacity and level of application have become an important indicator of a country’s level of industrial development, and future developments in the fields of new energy sources, machines, humans, and environmental protection are bound to place higher demands on the quality and performance of the super-styres. Energy special steel: in the field of oil and gas fields and fire power for traditional energy sources, special steel is used mainly for oil and gas pipelines, supercritical high-pressure boilers, etc.
For new energy sources, photovolt steel is predominantly carbon steel “q235 plate plus heat plating steel”, q335h long-forming steel, stainless steel, etc., with emphasis on mechanical and atmospheric corrosion resistance, which consumes the largest amount of steel.
Performance has a direct impact on the operational stability of photovoltaic power stations, the efficiency of power generation, the return on investment, the concentration of the PV substations on concrete stumps, the use of 30 mnsi line material, the customization of the PV staircases according to the conditions on the site and product parameters, and the large variation in the quantity of steel per project, an average of about 20-30 tons/mw, and the distribution of wind and wind power units into land and sea, with the ground assembly base being mostly steel.
Concrete condensed concrete and a small number of steels, which are based on steel pegs, more of low alloy high steel, and wind generators, which consist of wind engine bases, wind towers, hangars, and three parts of the cabin, which are also made up of tubes and flanges, with steels consisting of carbon steel plywood, electric steel, exercise pieces, etc., with plates q345c, q345d, q345e, q355d, q355ne, q390nd, q390ne, q390nne, q420ne, etc.
etc., pc poles, etc., with a pre-resilient concrete punc-barrel, with the same material as the 30mnsi line material product, currently tons, of which about 30% is used by a single 10-ton medium plate. Overall, wind and steel use is about 21%. Nuclear electrostatic steel needs to be adapted to high temperature, high pressure, intense irradiation environment, such as 17-4 ph stainless steels for structural units, 316l stainless steels for reactor cooling.
In new modular reactors and mini reactors, corrosion-free steel, sedimentation-hardened stainless steel, etc., are used in the manufacture of thermal storage systems. Automobile steel: the overall performance of car-specific steel requires high intensity, fatigue, creeping, high temperature, solvents, size stabilization.
At present, approximately 90% of the body materials contain metal materials, of which about 70% are steel materials, about 20% are alloys such as aluminium alloys, and about 10% are engineering plastics, carbon fibre, etc. Automobile steel can be classified by intensity level as low-carbon steel, normal high-power steel, advanced high-power steel, and cars use low-carbon steel predominantly as low-carbon aluminium tranquilizers, porosity-free atomic steel, etc., with low yield strength and later stretching.
Long-range, mostly used for deep- and hyper-deep-surgery products such as door interiors, tire compartments, wheel panels, unbroken atoms (if steel) to add the right amounts of titanium and zirconium to super low-carbon steels, to make the inter-coated atoms in steel to be present in the form of carbon and nitrogen, to make them easier to form, to use cars to use normal high-strength steel, mainly phosphorus-high-strength steel, high-strength steel, hard-cooled steel, low-compatible high-strength steel, and so on, with phosphorus-high-strength steel in low-carbon steel.
Add solid reinforced elements, such as phosphorus, no more than 0.12% to increase the strength of the steel, with the characteristics of shock resistance, fatigue resistance, cold-forming performance, merit, etc., mostly for coatings and structural elements, the plastic reaction ratio (r) to the rigidity index (n) for high-strength steel improvement steel, and most for the production of complex components requiring deep stress, and the roasting of hardened steel retains a certain amount of solid carbon and nitrogen atoms in the steel.
When baked at a certain temperature, the yielding strength is significantly increased and used for extra coatings, low alloy steel is added to a low-carbon steel by a single or composite element, iridium, titanium, titanium, etc., with a higher intensity through the fineness of its crystals, which is used in structures that require a higher degree of contour formation, and reinforced components, with advanced high steels, mainly in double-phase steel, enhanced plastic-forming steel, mutated plastic steel, cotated steel, enhanced steel.
For example, two-phase steels, two-phase steels, two-phase steels (dp steels) are organized mainly for irons and stables, with a low-strength ratio, high-process hardening indexes, even stretching over time, at the same level of yield strength, two-phase steels with a lower alloy with a higher strength and a higher degree of intensities, with no time limit and a good shape, and currently about 450-1,310mpa between the two-phase steel strength levels.
In October 2020, the Ministry of Technology and Communications and the Chinese Automotive Engineering Institute published a map of the road to energy-saving and new-energy-based automobile technologies, which shows that 30% of the body weight of the third generation of automobile steel will be in excess of 2,000mpa grade steel by 2025 and a percentage of the steel will be used by 2030. The development of new energy vehicles has brought new growth points for special steel, with conventional fuel cars using approximately 900 kgg steel.
New-energy cars, because of light quantitative requirements, have reduced the use of steel by 15-20%, but the proportion of steel used has risen from about 30% of conventional fuel vehicles to about 40-50% of new-energy vehicles, mostly for battery packages, power axes and drive systems, charge poles and high-pressure wire beams. It's a high-intensity, high-hard, well-frigerated alloyed steel, mostly for the backbone of planetary roller bars, modifiers, etc.
At the first wheel, 40cr is a high-quality carbon-structured steel with better permeability, fire stability, corrosion resistance, most of which is used in the jugular part of the harmonic deceleration device, while gcr15 is stronger in strength, grindability, corrosion resistance, more of which is used in bearings, wave generators of the harmonic deceleration, screws and rollers of planetary rollers, etc.
Ship-specific steel: the aircraft carrier, the large luxury cruise ship, the lng transport ship, which is known as the "three beads" on the ship's crown, is also produced with the support of the steel, the air carrier's decks require high-strength plate steel, the large luxury cruise ship needs a special ball, the flat steel is used as a skeleton material for the ship's body, and the lng transport ship needs a low-temperature, superior, and remains unchanged in the 163°C environment.
Aerospace special steel: special steel is the core material of the aircraft landing gear, which is strong, resilient, resistant to fatigue and capable of responding to the tremendous impact of take-off and landing, such as the national 10cr13co13mo5ni3w1ve steel, which should also be used for turbo blades and gas blades in aircraft launches, combustion chambers and nozzles in rocket motors to stabilize the high temperature, high pressure and corrosive environment.
The company has special steel rods, special steel wires, special panels.
Materials, seamless steel tubes, special smelting exercises, extended processing of six panels and deep processing series of materials, silver light materials, car parts, etc., more than 3,000 items of product and over 5,000 specifications, are one of the most specialized steel manufacturers in the world today, and are fully integrated. From high-temperature alloys to super-intensity steel, to special stainless steel, whether aerospace is extremely demanding of materials or steam.
Cars can provide “one-stop, one-pack” special steel solutions for component performance precision control, or large-scale electrical energy construction. Companies are equipped with first-hand alloy steel condensers with the largest segment of the country, and the world’s most advanced can achieve the production line for the controlled cold, high-sized (kocks) alloyed steel rods, together with the establishment of the production line from the entry of raw materials to the finished product.
The plant's entire process quality controls, monitors and tests systems, through precise control of the heating, heating, cooling and cooling of steel compositions, temperature and thubs, and the fine regulation of the structure of the special steel material, meeting the stringent requirements of different application scenarios for the performance of the special steel, with emphasis on the development of “small giant” projects with long cycles of certification, high quality standards, a high level of division of the track market and a high average Maori rate, among other features.
A rich product group avoids greater impact on operating income from the volatility of a single downstream market and enhances development resilience. (ii) Technology is too hard to break overseas monopolies and actively pushes for intellectual transformations; technology is too hard to break overseas monopolies and actively pushes for intellectual transformations.
Five international invention patents, nearly 200 international, national and industry standards of participation. Since 2010, when the research and development agency for the first special steel complex in the company's founding country, the Institute of Steel, was established, each merger has been accompanied by the establishment of a branch of the Institute to break the overseas monopoly with science, technology and innovation, to replace millions of tons of special steel imports each year, to significantly reduce the price of the special steel, and to do so.
From the introduction, imitation research and development to original research and development, products such as bearing steel, bridge cables, etc. perform well beyond the steel power. Among the heavyweights of large aircraft, dynasty ships, Fast Eye, and the millimeter deep well oil fields, high-performance steel products produced by companies can be seen everywhere. For example, under the flag, 10% of products are eliminated each year, and the full range of products are repeated every seven years.
Hundreds of times; (3) steel for the highest-intensity bridge cable, with a strength of up to 2,200mpa; (4) steel with the best berthing chain, r6 with the highest performance of the berth chain, filling the global void; (5) maximum-breeding circle with a diameter of 1.32 metres in diameter; (6) the thinest diamond plate, stretching to 0.044 mm of continuous silk. The share of the 2023 boom steel in the domestic high-end bearing market was about 85% in 23 consecutive years.
First, for 14 consecutive years, the global market for high-end domestic automobiles was about 75%, and for 16 consecutive years, the domestic market for wind, electric and berthing steel was about 87% and 93%. Companies invested more than a billion dollars a year in intellectual transformation, forming their own innovation and technology teams, using new-generation technologies such as big data, cloud computing, ai, integrated group services and approval centres,
Billions, the bipolar integration index has risen to more than 60, the number control rate of key processes is about 83%, the digitalization rate of production equipment is about 84%, the density of 96 machines per 10,000 people, 100% of operational applications is clouded, the infrastructure network is over 50%, and the national production process is under way to comb and replace more than 100 sets of appliance and industrial software. Over 40 fourth jobs have been successfully deployed in the lighthouse plant under the flag.
Advanced technology of the industrial revolution, covering areas such as big data analysis, multimodel simulations, smart closed-ring controls, efficient manufacturing of ai-enabling, high-level energy optimization, with custom orders growing by about 3 per cent, waste rates decreasing by about 3 per cent, steel energy consumption by about 5 per cent, and “high-custody, high-quality, efficient and sustainable” co-development, with large smelting steel taking the lead in building the world's first full-process, business-wide niche.
Sewing steel tubes, “digitalized plants”, through industry-initiated digital identification of steel tubes, provide tracking and homogenization of the whole process tubes, data perception, product customization rates of over 90 per cent, in addition to the construction of 35 models, such as those for process and energy, updating of the gold pipe evaluation system, and laying a solid foundation for progressive manufacture of steel pipe intelligence, under the flag of Qingjia special steel for “operational centralization”, “digitization of information”,
“According smartness” is the three key breakthroughs, combining intelligent technologies such as industry-led gold rolls, no-man cars, stereo warehouse, and significantly raising the multiplicity of indicators such as high-speed line material production, equipment performance, environmental protection. (iii) Logistics is easily covered and core clients are in depth bound.
Logistics is easy to cover and deep-seated core customers. Companies under the company’s flag have successfully deployed the chain of industry along the river + coast, with steel in the middle, gold in the Yang state with 100,000 tons of Yangtze, large smelt steel and copper masonry with several tons of magnanimous marinas, Qingjia and Qingjiangjiang in close proximity to the Qingjiang port district, which owns the largest ore terminal in the world.
In the first place, the unique geographical and logistics advantages cover major market areas in the country’s special steel downstream industry, while companies work closely with a wide range of logistics partners to form a network with a wide range of modes of transport. As of June 2024, corporate products were sold well across the country and more than 80 countries and regions, including the United States, Japan, the European Union, the Middle East, South-East Asia, Singapore, North America, and Europe.
Branches, with representative offices in India, Korea, the Middle East, Africa, South America, Thailand, Japan and the Russian-speaking region, obtained Mésedes-Benz, BMW, General Motors, Mass Motors, Skybil, Free One, East Wind Group shares, Scheffer, Space Science and Technology IV, Profit Forecasts, Valuation Analysis and Investment Recommendations
The company is a specialized, specialized steel-making consortium owned by Sino-Thai Fu under the umbrella of the Sino-China Group, led by the national steel industry, deep-cultivated over 30 loads in the field of steel, with a base for the manufacture of steel, large smelt steel, Qingjiang steel, Tianjin steel, Qingjia steel, two major raw materials production bases for the production of materials in Yangzhou, bronze mae, Zhejiang steel pipe, Jinnan suspension, two main industrial chain extension bases, special steel rods,
Special steel wires, special panels, seamless steel tubes, special metallurgical exercises, extended processing of six main plates, deep processing series of materials, silver-lighted materials, auto parts, etc., with more than 3,000 items of product type and over 5,000 specifications, which are widely applied in the areas of automobile manufacturing, electrical energy, engineering machinery, orbital transport, rail transport, bridge construction, marine ships, petrochemicals.
Since 2023, high-temperature corrosive alloys, high-power steel, and special stainless steel products have increased their sales, accelerating the development of the “Small Giants” project, maintaining robust business practices to maintain weak cyclical properties, while companies are actively promoting the intellectual transformation and reducing efficiency gains. In the future, deep-seated developments in new energy sources, robotics, environmental protection, etc., are bound to place higher demands on the quality and performance of the special steel, and companies are expected to act as champions.
For the first time, we cover the "recommended" rating given to a medium-sink steel. On the basis of a combination of industry categories, business similarities, downstream applications, size of operations, and comparability of financial data, we select a comparable company in a stock market that has oligarchy, large-scale steel, and a wide range of specials as medium-since-sweet steel.
Companies that belong to the steel-stuffing industry are more cyclical and are more sensitive to macroeconomic growth and, if domestic macroeconomic fluctuations are greater, will have a negative impact on the steel-stamping industry, and even on sub-categories such as bearing steel and high-temperature alloys.2 The risk of price fluctuations in raw materials such as upstream iron ore, scrap steel, etc.
The company ' s main upstream products are raw materials such as iron ore, scrap steel, coke, coal, limestone, which, if the price of the raw materials in question fluctuates significantly and the company fails to hedge effectively, will have an adverse impact on the results of its operations through production costs.3 The risk of slow recovery of demand in areas such as downstream energy, automobiles, machinery, etc.
Currently, the overall landscape of the company’s products, mainly downstream applications, such as energy, automobiles, and machinery, is positive, but the slow recovery of downstream demand will slow down the pace of investment expansion in the relevant areas, thereby affecting the company’s performance. Domestically, the steel industry has a “double control” of production capacity and a “double limit” of energy consumption, while developing a more stringent “double” approach to the industry.
Carbon's goal is to reach a carbon peak by 2025, with 80% of steel production at a very low emission level, 30% lower carbon emissions in the steel industry and 420 million tons less carbon emissions by 2030. If environmental policy is tightened further, companies will undertake large-scale environmental changes5 and production capacity will not expand as much as expected.
The company's Specialized Steel Co. Ltd. Special Metallurgical Product Upgrading (P-3) Project is expected to reach its intended operational status by May 2027. If it expands less than expected, it will have a negative impact on the size of the company's performance and competitive advantage. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.