Hainan Free Trade Zone policy was good, and Sanya Free Shop performance was released on 25th of April, 2018, encrypting and relaxing visas on a direct global route.
In the area of tourism, the new policy explicitly provides for the encryption of international routes to major global destinations in the south of the sea, the use of projects such as beach development, horse racing, etc., and the exploration of competitive sports lottery and large international competitions. On 18 April, the National Immigration Administration announced the implementation of 59 national personnel in Hainan Province as of 1 May this year.
Inbound tourism exemption policies, including developed countries such as England, France, Germany, Italy. We expect that the new policy will go a long way towards improving tourism facilities and the tourism environment in China, which will significantly increase the attractiveness of tourists both within and outside the country.
Tax exemption from the island is expected to increase, and Sanya duty-free shops benefit directly from it, and under the new Hainan policy, a more open, duty-free out-of-island shopping policy will be implemented to provide full coverage of the island’s passengers and promote global tourism. The tax-free industry is currently facing high prices and shopping restrictions compared to Japan and Korea.
We expect a major breakthrough in terms of the scope of application, types of goods, purchase limits, number of purchases, etc., compared to the country's growth in consumption.
The Hong Kong airport, the new airport in the capital city, etc., has multiple advantages, business performance is open for release, tax exemptions are a more monopolistic industry, and companies enjoy multiple benefits: 1) Hong Kong airport tax-free stores are expected to be free.
Completion of renovations in July this year and opening of all stores to enter the business cycle as soon as possible; 2) New Capital, New Capital, New Capital, New Capital, New Capital, New Capital, New Capital, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, and other international airports. 4) Within-city tax exemption is expected this year, with the establishment of the Hainan Free Trade Area, the exemption policy from the island will be further liberalized, with the capital airport tender and overseas tax exemption.
The pace of liberalization of tax exemption from the island has been slow, the project has not advanced as expected, and cooperation with Japan (Shanghai) has fallen short of expectations.
2. In-depth report of the Hong Kong Tour (601888), entitled " Enjoyment of tax-exempt policy dividends, waiting for release of performance " , 2018 Investment Strategy Report for the Catering and Tourism Industry "
First, encoded global routes, visa liberalization. Hainan tourism is to be welcomed to the second spring (i) the location of the international tourism consumption centre, and further optimization of the sea-south tourism environment.
1. Positioning of the International Centre for Tourism Consumption, which will further optimize the sea-south tourism environment, in accordance with the Guidance to Support China-South Comprehensive and Deeper Reform and Openness (hereinafter referred to as “the Opinion”), the State will make a major effort to create the image of the International Centre for Tourism Consumption in China-South, to further the development of international tourism islands, and to optimize the development environment on a continuous basis.
Open up the area of tourism consumption, actively foster new forms of tourism consumption, new hot spots, raise the level of high-end tourism consumption, promote the upgrading of tourism consumption, and further unlock the potential of tourism consumption. In the future, international tourism consumption centres will be established in three areas: expanding the space for tourism consumption, improving the quality of tourism consumption services, and promoting the internationalization of tourism consumption.
(1) Accelerating diversification of the tourism industry and enriching the Hainan tourism resources The observations state that the development of tourism consumption space in Hainan will be promoted from the cruise industry, medical tourism, cultural tourism, hotel industry, sports industry, lottery industry, including the opening of cross-border cruise routes, the liberalization of yacht tourism controls, and the building of State bodies
:: Training of Southern bases and provincial sports centres to encourage the development of projects such as beach sports, water sports, horse racing, etc.: exploration of competitive sports lottery and large international competitions; (2) encryption of international tourism routes and easing of entry visas for 59 countries
In the area of tourism, the new Hainan policy explicitly provides for the encryption of international routes to major destinations around the world. On April 18, the National Immigration Administration announced that, as of May 1, this year, the list of countries that travel to Hainan without a visa was extended from 26 to 59 countries, with foreign tourists arriving in Hainan extended to 30 days, and that the team was relaxed for personal exemptions.
The new no-sign policy will increase the economic benefits of tourism in Hainan, and one-sided no-sign policy will enhance the ease of international tourist access to Hainan and reduce the economic costs of entering Hainan, which will result in a larger flow of passengers to the tourist market in Hainan; on the other hand, it will further promote the improvement of tourism facilities and the tourism environment in Hainan.
In the last three years, the proportion of non-signatory foreign tourists increased from 33 per cent to 78 per cent last year, and it is expected that this new policy will lead to further advances in figure 1: the most convenient and open-ended Hainan entry policy.
(ii) The rapid growth of tourist arrivals in Hainan, the tax-free industry in Sanya Bay,1 and the acceleration of the development of international coastal tourism destinations in Hainan Province, which has now opened 56 international routes to Hainan, covering Russia, Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Malaysia, Thailand and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland;
Singapore, Germany, and other countries such as Hong Kong and Australasia. The continued encryption of the Aerial Wire has greatly enhanced the accessibility of international tourists, effectively safeguarding the sustainable growth of our provincial visitors, and has brought about a welcome start in the five key entry markets, namely Hong Kong and Australasia, South-East Asia, Japan, Russia, and Australasia.
According to the Hainan Province Master Plan (2015-2030), it is planned that by 2020 the island will be largely established, with a major effort to develop 12 categories of industry, including the tourism industry, with a focus on maritime tourism, medical tourism, shopping tourism, exhibition tourism, etc. The plan highlights the determination of Hainan Province to accelerate tourism development and hopefully accelerate the construction of an international tourist island, with a new round of tourism expected.
We expect that the duty-free industry, as an important part of the shopping and tourism industry, is expected to further liberalize the duty-free approach to the island, which, on the one hand, is limited in amount and number of times, while in Okinawa, Japan, there are no limits, 200,000 yen per purchase, and in Jeju Island, Korea, there are no limits in amount and number, and there are relatively few types of exemptions, so there are no advantages to tax-free access to the surrounding island.
On the other hand, the liberalization of duty-free off-island policies is in line with the country’s trend towards a return of consumption.2 The number of tourists in Hainan is increasing, and the tax-free industry has enjoyed the full tourist dividend (1) The number of tourists in Hainan Province and their income have exceeded its mandate in 2017.
Hainan Province received 67,451,100 tourists throughout the year 2017, an increase of 12 per cent over the same year, achieving a gross tourist income of $81,199 million, an increase of 20.8 per cent over the same year, of which the target of one million visitors three years ahead of arrival was met, with 11,194,000 visitors received throughout the year, an increase of 49.5 per cent over the same year and $681 million in tourism foreign exchange earnings, an increase of 94.6 per cent over the same year.
(2) The high popularity of spring gold week, with a marked increase of 10.0 per cent for the tax-free sector, resulted in a total tourism income of 13.723 billion yuan, or 10.3 per cent, and a 14 per cent increase for the combined free-traded stores, or 29.0 per cent for the combined tax-free sales; the total number of tax-free stores in Sanya increased by 7.37 per cent and sales increased by the same amount.
As the Hainan tourism project has gradually landed, it is likely that the high growth in the number of tourists will take place, and that the tax-exit policy will be further liberalized. Second, tax-exemption is expected to increase, and Sanya tax-exempt stores will benefit directly.
(i) Increased liberalization of the duty-free off-island policy, easier access to duty-free shopping, full passenger coverage in Hainan, more open and convenient duty-free shopping, more open and duty-free off-island shopping policy under the new Hainan policy, full passenger coverage in the off-island area, and push
In comparison with Japan and Korea, our tax-exempt industry is currently faced with high prices, shopping limits, restrictions, and a smaller variety. We expect a major breakthrough in this off-island tax-exempt policy in terms of scope of application, types of goods, shopping limits, number of purchases, etc., which is also consistent with the country’s objective of encouraging the return of consumption, with direct benefit to companies’ tax-exempt stores.
2. The exemption policy has been adjusted several times and the scope and content of the exemption has been broadened. At present, the exemption policy has been adjusted four times, each of which has led to a substantial increase in the tax-exempt sales volume. This adjustment has clearly indicated that it will liberalize passenger coverage, limits, and is expected to limit the number of purchases, types of goods, etc.
A new breakthrough. Since 20 April 2011, when the off-island duty-free policy was formally implemented in Hainan, four adjustments have been made, with the lifting of the restrictions on the number of purchases by non-island residents, increasing the cumulative tax-free purchase limit to up to $16,000 per person per year, and including railway passengers. The 2016 government report also states that some imports of consumer goods should be reduced.
(ii) Tariffs, additional duty-free shops, which provide a richer consumption option for domestic consumption, leaving as much consumption as possible within the country. (ii) Higher purchasing power + back-to-consumption, more space for duty-free off-island markets, 1 higher purchasing power for the wealthy and higher demand for luxury goods
The rich class is the main consumer of luxury goods, and as the disposable income rises and family wealth accumulates, the group’s purchasing power increases, the demand for luxury goods increases and the demand for tax-free shops increases further. According to the McKinsey Institute, the number of households in the upper middle and wealthier sectors of the country (i.e. families with incomes of more than 17,000 yuan a month) has increased from 8.5 million in 2010.
By 2016, 22.6 million households were expected to grow to 64.4 million by 2020 and 210 million by 2030. High-end products outpaced the general population and value-type products.
The airport duty-free shop is an important place for duty-free shopping, and in recent years the government has been actively guiding the return of consumption abroad, opening up new ports and opening additional duty-free shops. In the first half of 2016, the Ministry of Finance, in conjunction with the Ministry of Commerce, the National Tourism Authority, and other five ministries, introduced the Temporary Measures for the Management of Border Entry and Tax-Free Shops, which are located at 13 airports in Guangzhou, Hong Kong, Shanshan and Chengdu, as well as in Shenzhen Fukuda.
At six water crossings, 19 entry duty-free shops were added. The major airports then started bidding, including joint days, at the winning capital airport, at the winning Joohai tax-free group, at the Cheon Shenzhen and Xian airport, and at the closing group.
In 2016, Sanya received 16.7 million overnight visitors in the country, while the number of shopping in the Sea Bay Free Mall was 970,000, with only 6% penetration. This percentage shows the relative number of passengers actually involved in shopping.
Less, consumers’ enthusiasm and ability to consume have not been fully released. We believe that policies such as shopping limits have curbed the demand of tourists and that, as future policies evolve and the overall market environment for tourists improves, the size of duty-free sales off the island is expected to generate new growth and unleash the potential of tourists to consume.
The Hainan Province Master Plan (2015-2030) defines six types of 27 provincial priority industrial parks, including the Zaya Bay “National Coast” resort. The hotel belts along the Bay are also gradually forming and are now larger than three.
The Yatlantis Resort is expected to open with 2 million visitors a year. The Tria Sea Bay Leisure Resort is expected to bring more passenger traffic to the Department’s Seagate Bay duty-free shopping centre.
The two major high-speed and eastern railway hubs are only 30 minutes away from Sanya City. Many international top brands, such as Prada, George Amani, are in place, bringing together nearly 300 internationally renowned brands.
The tax-free shop is the world’s top-notch, Asian-lead-city tax-free shop, representing the highest level of power and operation of China’s current tax-free industry. Since its inception, the tax-free shop has been offered in high-end shopping environments, rapid logistics distribution, strong product security, and quality.
Sales services have been well received, supporting industrial development in Sanya and even Hainan Province, and have met to some extent the country’s demand for duty-free goods, leaving some of its high-end commodity consumption in the country, with significant internal demand-driven effects.
Tax exemption as a more policy-monopolistic industry, with companies enjoying multiple benefits: 1) Hong Kong Airport tax-free shop is expected to complete renovations in July this year and to open all premises and enter the business cycle as soon as possible; 2) construction of the new airport in the capital is expected to be completed in 2019, contributing part of the tax-exempt revenue; 3) internationalization is steadily advancing, 2019-2020 Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia
Asian and Pacific international airport signs will be released: 4) The city duty-free is expected to land this year, and the company's intra-city tax-free shop revenues are expected to be raised. 4. Prospective earnings and investment proposals will benefit greatly from the rapid growth of the industry, with the expansion of channels for middle and middle companies, generating a sustained increase in income on the one hand, and investment on the other.
The company’s growth in tax-exempt performance is mainly due to tax-exempt and airport-exemption. With the overall tourism environment in Sanya City and the increase in tourist arrivals, there is much room for long-term development of tax-exempt operations in Sanya.
We see the company’s brand advantage, its channel advantage, its core competitiveness in tax-exempt operations, and the contribution of merger restructuring and synergies to future performance, and we believe that the company has long-term configuration value. My tax-exempt policy has been slow to liberalize, projects have not advanced as expected, and cooperation with Japan has fallen short of expectations.
The forecast of company financial statements is summarized in Chen Baidu, Master of Technology in Economics, Beijing Transport University, 2012 Convergence Minsen Securities Institute, engaged in light industry and publicly listed companies. Huang Ruyun, Master of Financial Sciences, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Chinese Institute of Human Security in 2016 and engaged in research in the social services industry and listed companies.
In this regard, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and that, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence.