The company's performance has been growing, semiconductor equipment space, crystals, crystals power, etc., 2017.
During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $1.949 billion, an increase of 78.55 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to the owner of the parent company were $387 million, an increase of 89.76 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
There has been a marked increase in the company's main business, the demand for single-crystal silicon stoves, the company's total operating income of $1,949 million, and its product-based crystalline silicon growing equipment income of $1.57 billion, representing 80.68 per cent of total operating income, which is an increase over the same period.
132.88 per cent, mainly as a result of the expansion of downstream producers, the recognition of single crystal silicon technology routes and the increase in market share, resulted in an increase of 162.81 per cent, or 1,046 items, in sales of all self-propelled single crystal silicon production equipment. Intelligent processing equipment generated $199 million, a decrease of 10.58 per cent, mainly for the company to combine PV processing equipment with LD processing equipment into SAT calibre disclosure.
Processing equipment has continued to grow, and Led smart processing equipment has fallen in sales of the old Led equipment, given that it has opened up for the upgrading of the photovoltaic industry and new business. In addition, the company generated $9.375 million in sapphire material, an increase of 173.34% over the previous year, and successfully produced 450 kg of sapphire crystals, which became the leading international company in the production of super-sized sapphire crystals, which will help upgrade the company’s operations in sapphire material.
Company orders were adequate and year-round performance was guaranteed. \triangleright 2017. The company contracted a total of $3.65 billion for crystal growth equipment and intelligent equipment, with a total of 18.87 million to complete by the end of the year.
One billion dollars, with semiconductor crystal growth and smart processing equipment contracts amounting to 105 million dollars, together with two major new contracts signed in 18 years totalling approximately 1136 million yuan, amounting to a total of 3,023 million yuan in hand orders, which alone will contribute about 2.58 billion yuan in operating income to the company, whose performance has continued to grow at a high rate throughout the year.
\triangleright reported spending 165 million yuan on R & D, representing 8.46 per cent of business income, an increase of 111.5 per cent in R & D costs over the same period, and R & D personnel
From 275 to 389 people, an increase of 41%, and the number of R&D spending and R&D personnel in companies has been growing both. In terms of R&D results, companies hold 283 patented patents, 48 of which are inventions. The company has a number of 02 specialties to complete 12 inches of silicon with semiconductor-class superconducted magnetic field single-silicon growth furnaces, which can automate the process of monosilicon growth to the international level.
The completion of 12-inch silicone growth stoves will provide companies with a wider profit margin. Do not maintain a “very recommended” rating for 28x, 21x, and 16x.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom.
He's a member of the Eung Heung Bond, and he's doing research in the mechanical industry.
The Chinese People’s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master’s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and mechanics, joined the civil securities in 2016, and the East Hing securities in 2017.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.