High growth in single crystalline silicon equipment tap, semiconductor Industry: mechanical equipment - photovoltaic equipment Body and sapphire release of new kinetic energy
Neo-Super has a high growth in the performance of single-crystal silicon equipment. After going through the bottom of the photovoltage industry, the company gained 387 million yuan in 2017 against the background of a high photovoltage + single-crystal penetration rate.
More than $327 million worth of profit at the best time of turcinity in history. By specific indicators, the gross 12mth share price range is mainly a decline in the cost rate under the scale effect: the administrative cost rate is 12.88%, yoy-1.78pt;
Xiao Jinxin Investment Management Consulting Co. Ltd. Xiu Min-soo's several beautiful data indicate that the company's growth performance is strong.
Machines and Power (300316) in depth report: 10 years of industry, wind and rain roads, single crystals of silicon equipment, re-entry of photovoltaic equipment: there are sufficient orders in hand, and future kinetic energy remains constant. According to the company's annual report,
Assessment No. 20180113: Photovoltaic equipment is on the verge of contracting 3,657 million yuan for crystal growth equipment and smart equipment in 2017 and, by the end of 2017, a further 2,126 million yuan in equipment is expected to be tendered in the future for the four phases of the crystal silicon addition and adaptation project, based on the medium-term plan.
The bid for the three-phase project is expected to be released in the second half of the year, and according to historical patterns, it is highly likely that the order will be won. Lungi released 45gw of single crystal silicon capacity, which is projected to be 30gw from 2018 to 2020, with new energy announced.
With a 20gw single crystal silicon capacity, and a tap manufacturer's input into a single crystal silicon production capacity, and in the face of a single crystal silicon advanced capacity and cost prisoner's dilemma, it is expected that the tap manufacturer will continue to invest continuously in the single crystal silicon capacity and that future luminous equipment orders will be ready.
The semiconductor equipment order is expected to land in 2018. Krypsum now has a supply capacity of 8 inches, 12 inches, and the company has successfully developed 6-12 inches of semiconductor-grade single crystal silicon rod grinder, single crystal silicone roller, diamond silicon cutter, full automatic silicon chip.
New products like polishers, double-face grinders, etc. The central ring semiconductor silicon project is ahead of schedule, of which eight-inch equipment orders are expected to land this year.
In this context, the order is expected to land this year. Sapphire material: The income is growing rapidly, and the Māori rate is up. In 2017, the company sapphire material achieved revenue of $9.375 million (yoy+173.32), while the Māori rate is 12.54%.
The income from gemstone materials has been increasing by the same amount, and the Māori rate has been improving upwards. With the increase in productivity and utilization and the arrival of new capacity, we expect the company's sapphire material to be the third largest contributor to the profits.
Based on the annual report and the latest industry, the forecast for profits is adjusted, with a pre-optimal single-crystal silicon penetration rate increasing the output expansion and semiconductor national production of the country’s silicone crystal.
The sapphire material was not developed as expected.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.