On June 04, 2018, we believe that the essence of this policy is to reduce the subsidy gap for incremental projects and make the photovoltaic industry more efficient.
Healthy development. Policies are expected to significantly affect domestic loading requirements in the short term, industries will accelerate price reductions and shuffling, and the price-parity era is expected to advance.
With the policy adjustment, it is expected to have a greater impact on multi-crystal capacity. The multi-crystal silicon is now falling into cash, and a new round of price wars will accelerate the exit of the multi-crystal capacity.
The time will come when the gap will be even larger after 2020. The pressure on the financial resources of the New Deal’s silhouette firms will become apparent, and the ability of firms that are less able to finance to expand on a continuous basis will be problematic.
A accelerated shuffling will continue to benefit high-end photovoltaic equipment companies, and the potential threat to new entrants will be minimal.  The policy will drive the last shuffling of cards before the price of photovoltaic parity, and the parity supercycle is expected to open ahead of schedule.
Under meta/degree. The global photovoltaic industry will have a "global flat-priced-access cycle" of more than 15 years. We maintain our previous judgement that this "net-based cycle" of light-voltage will be launched after 2020.
• Transistor power: Photovoltage will hit the throes, semiconductor equipment relays will grow, 1, Crystal Power: the winning target of 860 million, and the company's photovoltaic revenues are expected to re-emerge at a high rate in the annual price-parity era.
The company's semiconductor layout has stabilized and semiconductor operations are in harvest. The company's semiconductor business is now in harvest.
Super-expected logic 2018-05-03 80%. The global deficit of semiconductor silicon is expected to continue into 2021, benefiting from the semiconductor industry transfer.
In China, the investment plan for large silicon tablets in China is over 60 billion yuan, and the projected increase of 90-120% in semiconductor silicon equipment over the next three years will be one of the most profitable companies in the country.
3. Crystal Gear Power: Performance meets expectations,  Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations: Mechanical, 20-fold valorized, 50-fold valorized semiconductor, 20-fold valorized, 20-fold valorized by industry policy implications, 50-fold valorized by semiconductor,
According to our performance expectations for the company in 2019, a reasonable valuation of the market value of $33 billion was achieved, and the semiconductor nationalization development was lower than expected. On 1 June 2018, the DRC, the Ministry of Finance and the Energy Agency jointly issued a report on photovoltaic power generation in 2018.
The main points of the notification are as follows: (1) the general photovoltaic power station in 2018 is not scheduled, and the general (2) distributed photovoltaic, which is subject to State subsidies, may not be arranged in the following parts of the country before the beginning of the year, starting scale management, and 10gw in 2018.
Distributed photovoltaic projects are managed on a scale and are not managed on a national scale and are supported locally by the law. (3) Support is provided for the alleviation of the poverty of photovoltaics by issuing the “13th-five” second wave of photovoltaic projects in a timely manner, subject to the implementation of conditions and strict audit at the local level.
(4) The construction of an orderly pilot base, which will be re-examined this year in the light of the size control of photovoltaic power generation. (5) The locals are encouraged to arrange for various types of photovoltaic projects that do not require State subsidies, in accordance with the terms of dissipation and related requirements. (6) From the date of the communication (as of 1 June 2018), new photovoltaic power stations are being shipped, “full access” distributions are being made.
The price of photovoltaic access is reduced to 0.50/60/0.70 degrees, the distribution of “spontaneity, residual access” is reduced to 0.32 yuan/degree, and the price of the poles of the village pro-poor power station (below 0.5mw) remains unchanged. (7) Ordinary photovoltaic power stations must be competitively tendered, and home-based photovoltaic distribution encourages competitive bidding.
In our view, the essence of this policy is to reduce the subsidy gap for incremental projects and to make the photovoltaic industry healthier. Against the background of the fast-growing distribution in 2017, the state has chosen to choose between the objective reality of a growing subsidy gap.
We expect that the policy will significantly affect domestic loading requirements in the short term, that the industry will accelerate price reductions and shuffling, and that the price-balancing era is expected to advance.
Single crystals will accelerate the replacement of polycrystals, single crystal gaps will widen, and policy adjustments will make us expect a bigger impact on multicrystal capacity. The polycrystal silicon is now falling short of cash costs, and a new round of price wars will push multicrystal capacity out faster. The current global multicrystal capacity is about 80gw: single-crystal capacity.
For 60gw, the planned production capacity of Lungi and the Central Ring at the end of 2018 is expected to be 28gw and 23.6gw, respectively. With the withdrawal of polycrystal capacity, the gap corresponds to about 80-100gw installed worldwide per year, with a single-crystal gap of about 20-40gw, and will be larger after 2020 as the era of flat-price Internet access begins.
The financial pressure on the world’s windfall firms has become apparent in the New Deal, where the ability of firms with less financial capacity to expand on a continuous basis is problematic, and where more robust financing is available (Lonky and Middle Rings) does not preclude retro-exploitation, accelerated shuffling, high-end light and voltage companies will continue to benefit, with little potential threat to new entrants.
The policy will drive the final pre-PV shuffling, the pari passu supercycle is expected to move ahead, and the declining cost of the system will drive up the return rate, leading to a rapid expansion of the distributed photovoltaic system in 2017. The distribution costs of the photovoltaic system have been declining over the past year, with components falling from $4.3/w to $2.4-2.8/w (many).
In this context, the cost of photovoltaic power has fallen to 0.5-0.6 yuan/kwh, and the user side has basically achieved parity. Because of the country’s distributional subsidy coverage of 0.32 yuan/kwh, the rate of return is significant for residents and businesses, and the rate of development is accelerating.
It is the exclusion of subsidies, with a cumulative distribution of only 7% in comparison with other developed countries, far below 73% in Germany and 35% in the United States. At the same time, the distribution is dominated by business and industry, supported by residents, and China’s industrial park model provides a solid roof base for the construction of the distribution.
When the cycle is cleared, we expect that the cost of photovoltaic systems will reach around $3-3.5/w (with a 30-50% reduction space as compared to the current $5), and that the cost of photovoltaic power will fall below 0.30/degree. The global photovoltaic industry will have a "global flat access cycle" of more than 15 years. We maintain our previous judgement.
For the global energy landscape, the “large cycle of flat-cost Internet access”, which will be launched after 2020, will simultaneously initiate the replacement of the third generation of energy with the “wind” at its core, with the second generation of energy with the “celebric gas” at its core, which will be the “third generation of the super-large cycle of human energy consumption” at a 100-year level.
With the monocrystal acceleration replacing the multi-crystal, we believe that the meso-consumption expansion will not be affected by this policy; the meso-silicon silicon is directly affected by this policy.
With 70-80% of indirect exports, good cash flows, $5.7 billion in cash in hand, $1.5 billion in receivables, and a stronger financial position as one of the best companies in the photovoltaic industry. Short-term exposure to photovoltaic policies, we expect a decline in optical revenues from crystals in 2019, and at 2020 parity.
The company’s semiconductor layout has stabilized, and semiconductor operations are in harvest. The company’s semiconductor monocrystal furnace has become a world-class supplier of equipment, with a large silicon-line manufacturing capacity of 80%.
Billion dollars, more than $40 billion in semiconductor silicon equipment for the next three years, will be a historic opportunity for domestic equipment companies. We expect the company to be one of the most profitable companies in the country’s semiconductor equipment over the next two to three years: a $10 billion investment in a large silicon phase is expected to reach production by 2020, with equipment requirements estimated at $7-8 billion.
The view on semiconductor silicon equipment is as follows: 1) The price of large silicon chips rose by 20% in 2018, and the supply and demand gap created opportunities to invest in equipment. Silicon crystal round supply should not be needed.
The global semiconductor industry has returned to the climate cycle with the rise of downstreams, such as the Internet. The world’s 2nd largest silicon crystal circle sumco predicted by the end of 2017 that the price of 12 inches of silicon crystal round in 2018 was expected to rise further by about 20%, and that it was projected to rise continuously in 2019. We believe that, with the expansion of chip applications, the supply of silicone crystal round is in short supply, the semiconductor industry is expected to do so.
2) The silicon silicon expansion cycle is long and the production capacity is less flexible. A global bogus monopoly in the mainstream semiconductor silicon market has been formed, with the top five semiconductor silicon manufacturers in Japan, Taiwan, China, and Korea selling 92% of the world ' s capital controls in 2016.
According to the latest expansion plan released by Sumco in August, an average of about $2.4 billion per 100,000 monthly capacity is invested, from construction to production time of 2-3 years, with a weak supply of production cycle and capacity.
In 2018, the 12-inch demand for silicon crystal circle is expected to continue to grow, with a slow increase in capacity growth widening the supply and demand gap. We expect that the supply and demand gap will be normal in the coming years, and will continue to widen as demand grows.
There are currently at least nine silicon programs in the country (Kyoto, Central Ring, Crystal, Ferrotec, etc.), with a combined investment schedule of over $52 billion yuan, 12 inches of silicon monthly production in the planning process has reached 1.2 million units, which in the long run will ease the shortage of silicon. Based on the principles of the investment cycle and the sheep effect, we expect the large silicon industry in the coming years.
There will still be new players, investment peaks will not come, semiconductor industries and equipment industries are about to enter a high-winding cycle! 4) Silicon equipment is in need of space, and there has been a breakthrough in national production of the core chain. Crystalization, grinding, polishing, and mass control are key to the quality of large silicon products.
Production efficiency and quality are the highest priority in the production of silicon tablets (25%). We expect that the aggregate demand for silicon equipment in the country from 2017 to 2020 will reach $43.8 billion from the point of view of the supply of silicon tablets to the gap, and cagr, through the continuous validation of our industrial chain, will be nationalized, except for single-crystal furnaces, which will be followed by grinding.
We expect high growth in semiconductor equipment orders in the second half of 2018. We expect the company to earn $2.5 billion and $2 billion in photovoltaic revenue in 2018-2019: semiconductor revenue is conservative.
Sapphire income is 200 million yuan and 400 million yuan, respectively. Photovoltaic, semiconductor, sapphire are valued 20 times more by industrial policy influences and 50 times more by semiconductors, and is reasonably valued at 33 billion dollars in market value, according to our performance expectations for 2019.
Short-term exposure to photo-voltaic policy adjustments; lower-than-expected photo-voltaic parities process; less developed semi-conductor national production;