The winning bid of 860 million orders, confirming the order close to the price-parity era, Chen Xing, the incident: the company received a limited consultancy for pan-Asian engineering equipment in the city of Tianjin on 2 May.
The company, in its quarterly report, stated that, as of 31 March 2018, the company had not completed its contracts.
The total number of new q1 orders amounted to 1,692 million. Of these, 105 million semiconductor orders were outstanding at the end of 2017, or at least 34 million new semiconductor orders signed by 2018q1.In addition to this new winning order of 858 million, the total number of company stock orders now amounts to 3,871 million, and the corresponding unrecognised non-tax revenue amounts to 3.3 billion.
We expect that q2 will recognize close to 900 million revenues, i.e., the rate of recognition of purchase orders from q2 will continue to expand downstream, and that the equipment tap will benefit significantly from our calculation that, after excluding this winning order, the central radial luminum is expected to remain unreleased in some 1.2 billion of the new equipment orders corresponding to the new 8.6gw capacity of the four new +4 conversion projects announced in September 2017.
With the exception of the Central Ring, in the context of the huge growth in installed capacity in 2017 and the high cost of photovoltaic companies such as Lungi, there is a potential for significant expansion of single-crystal capacity, such as crystals, crystals, crystal-crystals, etc. In recent times, the two largest producers of photovoltaic silicon are expanding 20gw monocrystals in Yunnan, with Lungki investing 1.2 billion in the construction of 10gw single silicon tablets per year in Chu. In the process of approaching unlimited parities, photo-based enterprises are expected to improve as effectively as possible by increasing their size and technological progress to bring the cost of power generation up to fire power, and we believe that the expansion plan in the photovoltaic industry will be more radical.
The company issued an announcement on 24 April to set up a semiconductor subsidiary. We had always thought that the crystal-single semiconductor order would land and turn into performance in 2018, when the company formed a semiconductor subsidiary for the production and development of semiconductor equipment, which is expected to accelerate the landing of the semiconductor order. Since Crystals is the country’s scarce semiconductor-class single-crystal supplier, and in the case of the medium ring-free project, which is a 10% shareholder, it is expected that the central ring will grow.
In our calculations, the Tianjin region melting project in the Central Ring (8.3 million m/m/m/m/m/), combined, would require a single crystal furnace of 330 million, estimated at a net profit rate of 50% for 8 inches and 70% for 12 inches of products, with a net profit of 180 million yuan.
1. Transistor power: q1 with a ceiling of $18.5 billion (our model estimates correspond to the size of the investment announced on September 30, Central Ring), with a total equipment requirement of 12.27 billion, of which 3.2 billion are single-crystal furnaces and other grinding equipment.
It is also expected that the project will be smoothed into four years (2018 - optimistic assumption is that crystals will account for 80% of the total procurement, which corresponds to 2.4 billion dollars of equipment per year for semiconductor equipment.
Single; neutral assumption: crystals power accounts for 60% of total purchases, corresponding to $1.8 billion per year. So we believe that semiconductor project orders for the next four years are expected to be significantly higher than expected.
The company ' s short-term performance will benefit from the warming of the photovoltaic industry, with low-cost Internet access driving photovoltaic demand in the medium term, faster than expected, semiconductor equipment will explode, and will be expected to benefit in the long term from the high profile of the semiconductor industry and national production of semiconductor equipment.
Performance contributions go beyond photovoltaic-globalization support and suggest focusing on progress in the development and sale of company semiconductor equipment. Due to new semiconductor updates, the original profit forecast (i.e. 100 million) is maintained due to the precautionary principle.
Seven hundred million yuan (in hand orders can be supported, and Korea’s Hanhua Cairn project has more Maori than other clients).