The winning bid is 858 million dollars, with sufficient warranty, and the company 20180502 received a bid for the radial PV solar cell.
Purchase of the second batch of the first batch of equipment for the four-phase conversion project with single-crystal silicon materials for a crystal grower valued at $858 million.
In the ring, 8.6gw single-crystal silicon four-stage tendering requirements for potential equipment amounting to $2,984 million, 12mth share price range, 858 million yuan has been awarded, and a further $2.26 billion is expected to be tendered for equipment in the future, based on medium
The bid for the third round of projects is expected to be released in the second half of the year, and according to historical patterns, it is highly likely that the order will be won.
We expect this order to coincide with Qiu Min-soo early in the year, in accordance with the procurement patterns of the 2017 four-phase project equipment. After this bid, the company has a total of $3.871 billion in hand orders, which are expected to be excluded.
Tax revenue is $3.309 billion, and the firm’s performance is guaranteed by sufficient orders. Considering some of the undisclosed cut-off and one-stop orders, we expect that the Central Ring 8.6gw project will also have $1 billion worth of machine and electrical (300316) in-depth reports: 10 years of industry.
● Photovoltaic equipment: monocrystal silicon is still active. Lungi released 45gw monocrystal silicon energy, windways, single-crystal silicon equipment taps are returning. Planning is expected to add a single crystal silicon capacity of 30gw between 2018 and 2020; recently, March 2018.
20180113 comments: Plasma equipment is on the way, and in the future, new single crystalline silicon production capacity agreements will be signed in April, with 6gw added to the second stage of Paulonki, 20180412 comments: single crystalline silicone has a high performance.
In April of that year, it was announced that 20gw monocrystal silicon capacity would be built in Cycling. In the context of the long, semiconductor and sapphire release of new kinetic energy, there is no doubt about the advantages of monocrystal silicon, which is being invested more and more in light-volved dragonheads.
In the face of the difficulties of single crystalline silicon state-of-the-art and cost-of-prisoners, it is expected that the dragon-manufacturer will continue to invest continuously in single crystal silicon production and that future orders for photovoltaic equipment will remain open.
The supply capacity of semiconductor single-crystal furnaces, and the company has successfully developed new products such as a 6-12 inch semiconductor-class single crystal silicon grinder, a single crystal silicon roller, a diamond silicon cutter, a fully automated silicon blade, a polisher, a double-face grinder, etc. In April 2018, the company established a fully funded subsidiary, Zhejiang.
Semiconductor Limited is used in the development of semiconductor equipment, plus coded semiconductor equipment. The Central Semiconductor Silicon Project is ahead of schedule and its eight-inch equipment order is expected to fall this year, with 8-inch monocrystals potentially requiring 25 units.
With semiconductor equipment moving beyond expectations in terms of new production capacity for downstream customers, we see the company's semiconductor equipment falling apart in 2018. The silicon growth facility will benefit fully from the photovoltaic single crystal silicon penetration rate to increase the production capacity of the lower dragon factoryer.
The production of silicone crystal circle, which is produced at the national level in the context of expansion and semiconductor national production trends, maintains the company’s “upgrading sapphire material as much as expected.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.