The growth in performance was based on a light-voltage future in semiconductor and sapphire, and on April 10, 2018 a series of announcements, such as the Crystal Gear Annual Report 2017, were released. The best-performing harvest in 2011, but the net profit for the year was still significantly lower than in 2011.
Silicon growth equipment, so the changes in the company’s performance are closely related to the changes in the downstream photovoltaic market. In 2011, the company’s crystalline silicon growth equipment was collected with a fully automated single crystal silicon growth furnace and a large number of silicon casting silicon furnaces with a roughly half-way ratio, after which the photovoltaic market entered a depression period, with a crystal silicon.
The fall in the harvest of growth equipment, coupled with the endorsement of the single crystalline technology route by the silicon solar cell manufacturer, led to a sharp decline in the company ' s multi-crysilica casting furnace between 2012 and 2014.
Lines allow companies to grow rapidly from year to year with a fully automated single-crystal silicon grower. In 2017, the interior photovoltaic industry maintained a strong growth rate of 53gw, a rise of more than 53% over the same period.
The performance of indicators such as the Māori ratio, net operating cash flows, inventories, etc., was slightly lower: in 2017, revenue from corporate crystals silicon growing equipment increased by 132.8 per cent to 1,572 million yuan, or 80.68 per cent of the total; income from smart processing equipment decreased by 10.58 per cent to $199 million, or the total.
The combined Māori rate for the above three operations was 4.81 per cent. Although it remained high, it decreased by 4.51 per cent compared to 2016, mainly as a result of the growth in the production of crystalline silicon growing equipment, with company accounts receivable of $866 million at the end of 2017, an increase of 49.22 per cent.
201.34 per cent of the company's revenue is recognized by sale of crystallized silicon growing equipment and single crystal silicon growth furnace automated control systems that are subject to the obligation to install or direct the installation of debugging contracts
Ground installation debugging completion order: Revenue from sales of crystallized silicon growing equipment and single crystal silicon growth furnace automated control systems that do not require the obligation to install debugging or to direct the installation of debugging coupling, recognized after delivery, with the difference between the time of revenue recognition and the time of payment being due from the company
The main reason for the large amounts of accounts and notes receivable is that, according to the sales of company products, the production of silicon casting furnaces and smart processing equipment declined in 2017, and the inventory of both products, while increasing, increased in absolute terms by less significant quantities, with a manageable risk.
The production of all-automatic single-crystal silicon growth furnaces with the largest contribution to performance is significantly greater than sales. ... This led to a significant increase in their stock volume by 13.8 to 755 items, mainly due to the increase in corporate orders, which resulted in an increase in the number of merchandise in stock, with new optical equipment orders of more than $3 billion for the year 2017.
Prior operations showed that the risk of net cash outflows from operations was manageable compared to the balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period, and the risk of inventory versus orders was manageable. Semiconductor operations with single crystal growth and related processing equipment and sapphire materials had great potential: public
The Division’s products are mainly used outside solar photovoltaics and can also be used in the integrated circuits and led industries, and corporate semiconductor orders for monocrystal growth and related processing equipment grew faster in 2017.
The projects "300mm silicon single crystal straight growth equipment development" and "Destination of 8-inch silicon single crystal furnace national production equipment development" are in the process of being industrialized. The company successfully released 6-12 inches of a series of semiconductor single crystal silicone rollers, single crystal silicon cutters, all of its own.
New products, such as silicon polishers, double-face grinders, have established a nationalized advantage in the field of semiconductor silicon growth and processing equipment. In 2017, the company contributed $500 million to the China-Chang lead semi-conductor material company, a project that is run by the Central Ring, the Tinless City Industrial Development Group and the public.
Together, the Division is planning to invest $3 billion in the national production of semiconductor-critical materials. The company has successfully mastered the international lead in the 300-kg, 450-kg class of sapphire crystal growth technology, 2017, with key components such as sapphire material production and grinding and grinding.
A 300-kg-sized, high-quality sapphire crystals have been developed and developed in January 2018 to produce 450 kg-grade sapphire crystals. The company’s sapphire industry is now mainly in the form of the production and sale of sapphire crystals, and the resulting development of large-scale sapphire crystals.
For its own production of sapphire crystals, the company’s sapphire business is more cost-competitive and is gradually gaining an advantage of scale. Profit predictions and ratings: we expect crystals to be eps in 2018 and 2019, respectively.
0.71 and 0.89, corresponding to 31.82 and 25.38 times the price charged on April 10th. Prior to the company ' s current full order of the fully automated single crystal silicon growth furnace, the future sales prospects of the company ' s semiconductor with single crystal growth and related processing equipment, and the demand for sapphire material,
Risk factors: the expansion of downstream producers in the photovoltaic market is not as fast as expected, the production of domestic crystallized plants is not as fast as expected, and the demand for sapphire materials is not expanding as expected.