During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $566 million, an increase of 53.25 per cent over the same period the previous year; the net profit for parent owners was $135 million.
Euros, an increase of 122.85 per cent over the same period in the previous year.eps was $0.14. (1) With the growth of the photovoltaic industry and the expansion of downstream manufacturers, the ratio of receiving and inspection orders for crystal growth equipment increased significantly during the reporting period; (2) better sales of company semiconductor equipment, smart processing equipment and sapphire materials had a positive impact on performance during the reporting period.
The main reason for the 566 million current operating revenue growth over the same period in the previous year was the increase in the number of orders executed and the increase in operating income. As of the end of the quarter, the company was still in the process of ordering 3,013 million yuan, of which 942 million yuan was the contract for all deliveries and 617 million yuan was part of the contract.
Of this amount, $139 million has not been completed for semiconductor equipment. The company's new product has been successfully launched, and the product space has expanded significantly.
Enterprises, company products are mainly used in emerging industries with better market prospects, such as solar photovoltaics, integrated circuits, and led. The company successfully launched a 6-12 inch semiconductor-class single-silic roller, single-silic roller, silicone bat, cutter, fully automated silicone polisher, double-sided grinder, etc. at the Semicchina fair.
Processes such as silica silicon silicon single- and semiconductor crystals, sapphire crystals, etc., not only are highly automated, processive and sophisticated, but can also reduce the cost of production and improve processing efficiency and product quality for customers. The introduction of new products enriches the company’s product lines, greatly expands the value space for the company’s products and increases the value of the company’s supply equipment to more than 30% of the equipment used in the production of the semiconductor silicone production line.
Building post-doctoral workstations and further upgrading corporate research and development \triangleright to 389 people, an increase of 41 per cent, the company developed “Key technologies and applications for large semiconductor-grade silicon monocrystal growth equipment”, “High”
The two projects are based on the scientific and technical results of new products made by the China Electronic Equipment Industry Association and the China Electronic Materials Industry Association. The large-scale semiconductor-class silicon monocrystal growth equipment uses ultraconductor magnetic field technology, which allows the superconductor magnetic field to match fully automated monocrystal furnaces for control with machinery. The company was approved to set up a post-doctoral workstation, which is an affirmation of the company's research and development technology.
It will also further enhance the company’s research and development capabilities, facilitating technological innovation and talent development in the areas of semiconductor equipment, photovoltaic equipment, led lighting, and industrial 4.0. The orders are below expectations, and the customers of semiconductor-grade silicon growing stoves are not imported as expected.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom.
He's a member of the Eung Heung Bond, and he's doing research in the mechanical industry.
The Chinese People’s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master’s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and mechanics, joined the civil securities in 2016, and the East Hing securities in 2017.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.