Incident 3: The company intends to establish a fully-owned subsidiary with its own investment of $50 million for the development and production of semi-conductor-related equipment.
Q1 net return to the mother increased by 100 to 130 per cent in real terms, as reported in a quarterly report by Zhou's company, q1 outstanding purchase orders of $1,887 million and q1 confirmed revenue of $566 million, i.e., q1 new orders combined.
At the end of 2017, the uncompleted semiconductor order was 105 million, or at least 34 million new semiconductor orders signed by company 2018q1. The current value of non-taxable unrecognised revenue for stock orders is 2,575 million, which we believe will be recognized in 2018, depending on the time the company made the order, the equipment production cycle (three months) and the receipt and inspection cycle (three to five months), and starting with q2.
The combined Māori rate for the first quarter of 2018 was 39.37%, +3.66pt, +2017q4, 3.72% ring, +1.89pt. Overall, the profitability of companies increased considerably during the first quarter of 2018.
The volatility of the Māori rate was mainly due to product upgrading and the expansion of product lines, the diversification of corporate products and the lowering of the overall Māori rate for individual products with low Māori rates. The large increase in net interest rates was the result of a decline in the cost rate over the period and a reduction in the loss of asset impairments; and a slight improvement in the operating cash flow.
The net operating cash flow of company q1 was $143 million, a slight improvement over the previous quarter ' s rate of $172 million. The bulk of the accounts receivable and receivables from companies decreased, with the sum of notes receivable and receivables at the end of q1 amounting to $2,154 million, and the ring was 109 million less than the previous quarter, of which $1.4 billion were receivables.
In addition to the central ring, in the context of the significant growth in installed capacity in 2017 and of the high-roe of photovoltaic enterprises like Lungi, there is a potential for a significant expansion of crystallized crystals, such as Crystal, Crystal, and Consortium, among the estimated remaining 2 billion unreleased equipment orders for the four new +4 conversions announced in September 2017.
1. Transistor power: Performance meets expectations, with semiconductor equipment contributing to performance. Recently, the two giants of the photovoltaic silicon have announced an expansion of 20gw crystals in Yunnan, Lungi.
The investment of 1.2 billion dollars in the construction of the 10gw single-crystal silicon project in Chu Yu is the best proof of the continued enthusiasm for downstream expansion. We believe that Krypsum, as the locomotive of the global photovoltaic-grade long-crystal furnace, is expected to increase production of the central ring of silicon.
The tourism boom has continued to benefit; the dependence of a single large client is expected to improve effectively, and in the future the pace will be higher than expected, and semiconductor equipment will be removed from the central ring of the single customer's repression of valuations.
Performance contributions go beyond photovoltaic periods - to generate profit predictions and investment proposals The company ' s short-term performance will benefit from the warming of the photovoltaic industry, with low-cost Internet access driving photovoltaic demand in the medium term
3. Transistor power: a 100 per cent increase in q1 in advance - a major outbreak that is expected to benefit in the long term from the high climate in the semiconductor industry and the national production of semiconductor equipment 130 per cent, with revenue recognition expected to increase by q2
Supported by a proposal to focus on progress in research and development and marketing of company semiconductor equipment. Due to the new semiconductor update, which has been left unattended, the original profit forecast (i.e. 100 million) is maintained on the basis of prudence, with $700 million in photovoltaic equipment concierges (which can be supported by hand orders and is higher than other clients in Korea than in Korea’s Hanhua Cairn project).
4. Kryptonian Power: The Equity Incentives Program has been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and is in possession of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board.