Performance growth is clearly based on the semiconductor and sapphire operations, the quarterly review of the Crystal Gesture Power (300316) and the release of the full report of the first quarter of 2018 on 24 April 2018.
(b) Net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $135 million, an increase of 122.85 per cent in the same year; and record best performance in the first quarter: the company ' s performance since the first quarter of the calendar year 2011
See, after a downturn in net profits in 2013 and 2014, the company has now realized a year-on-year increase in net profits in the first quarter of the fourth consecutive quarter of the year in 2015 and a year-on-year increase in net profits in the first quarter of 2018, slightly less than the same year-on-year increase of 136.57 per cent in the first quarter of 2017, but in 2011
The second-highest growth rate since the same year, with the highest net profit in history. Compared to the company in 2018,3 this is due to the expansion of downstream producers in the fast-growing environment of the photovoltaic industry and the annual aaa crystal market share (300316).
The company's crystal growth equipment, especially single-crystal silicon growth furnaces and smart processing equipment, has been better marketed, with a significant increase in the first quarter of the year in the products received and received, while sales of the company's semi-carrier equipment and sapphire materials have increased faster.
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies ranged from $269 million to $312 million, an increase of 90 per cent to 120 per cent in the same year, and the growth in performance continued to be attributed to the growth in the photovoltaic industry and the expansion of downstream firms, which resulted in a significant increase in the same ratio of acceptance and inspection orders for crystal growing equipment, semiconductor equipment, and smart processing.
Sales of sapphire materials are better. The Māori rate has recovered, but net operating cash flows remain negative: operating in the first quarter of 2018 with a 145.25 per cent increase in profit year-on-year, which is 2.73 times the increase in operating income; attributed to listed companies
The increase in net shareholder profits was 2.31 times higher than the increase in revenue, as a result of the company ' s operating costs in the first quarter of the year (44.52 per cent increase in the same year), sales costs (36.16 per cent increase in the same year), management fees (32.62 per cent increase in the same year) and so on.
The company's sales of Māori and net interest rates have recovered, and the sale of Māori in the first quarter of this year resulted in one of the lowest losses in impairment of assets in the single quarter, mainly due to the reduction in the current year's accounts receivable, resulting in a reduction in bad debt preparation. With the rapid growth in revenue, the company's performance has been reduced.
Net cash flows remain negative. Net cash flows generated by corporate operations in the first quarter of 2018 amounted to $143 million, a decrease of 63.29 per cent in the same year, which was the first quarter of the calendar year, and net cash flows from corporate operations were negative from 2017 to 2017, mainly due to rapid growth in revenue collection.
At the end of the year, while the receivables decreased to $741 million, the receivables increased to $1,414 million and the inventory to $1,087 million. The company’s revenue recognition is based on the use of crystal silicon growing equipment and single silicon growing stoves that are required to undertake or direct the installation of the obligations of the debugging contract.
Motion control system sales revenue, confirmed upon field installation of the modulation test and certified, depending on the user signing the field installation debugging completion order: for crystal silicon growth equipment and single crystal silicon growth furnaces that do not have to assume the obligations of the installation debugging or commissioning contract
The difference between the time of revenue recognition and the time of receipt is the main reason for the large amount of corporate receivables and receivables. As at 31 March 2018, the company had not completed a total of $3.013 billion in contracts, of which the contract value for all deliveries was $3.013 billion.
942 million yuan, plus 617 million yuan for part of the shipment contract and 1,454 million yuan for contracts that have not yet reached the delivery date. Given the company’s current business situation, the risk of net cash outflows from the cash and cash equivalent balances at the end of the period is manageable, and the risk of inventory versus orders is manageable.
Recognition of the middle ring lead in semiconductor equity investments and the potential for future semiconductor equipment operations: the closing balance of long-term equity investments in the quarterly report was $250 million, which was 1373.09 times higher than at the beginning of the year, mainly because of payments to middle-link lead in semiconductor materials, Inc.
The Chinese lead semiconductor was established in December 2017 to obtain a business licence, and the Chinese lead integrated circuit silicon silicon project was launched on December 28, 2017 in Ie Hing City, with a total investment of about $3 billion, consisting of the Chinese lead shares and their full capital.
In the first quarter of this year, the first investment in the project was made in terms of the progress of the project.
Already in place, semiconductor equipment is expected to arrive in the fourth quarter of this year, starting with 8 inches of silicon and then 12 inches of silicon. The company developed the project "Key technologies and applications for large semiconductor-grade silicon monocrystal growth equipment" in the first quarter of this year through the Chinese electronics-specific equipment industry.
Scientific and technical evaluation of new products, organized jointly by the Association and the Chinese Electronic Materials Industry Association. Large-scale semiconductor-class silicon monocrystal growth equipment using superconductor magnetic field technology has achieved a good match between the superconductor magnetic field and the full-automatic monocrystal furnace in control and machinery, using double-vision calibration,
A number of advanced technologies, such as ccd videos, are internationally advanced in key technologies, and the production of equipment, engineering and testing tools can meet mass production requirements.
Two topics, “The development of silicon monocrystal growth equipment” and “National production of silicon monocrystal furnaces in the 8-inch zone”, are in the process of being industrialized. The company successfully rolled out a single silicone roll of 6-12 inches semiconductor level at the Semiconchina fair in the first quarter of this year.
New products such as a single-crystal silicon roller, a silicon cutter, a fully automated silicon polisher, a double-sided grinder, etc., which can complete the two-sided precision grinding of semiconductor silicon sticks, cutting, silicon polishing and semiconductor silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
The company’s national production advantage in the field of semiconductor silicon growth and processing equipment was established. Although the company’s contract for semiconductor equipment was not completed at $139 million as of March 31, 2018, we expect to move forward with the large diameter silicon project as the central ring leads the integrated circuit.
The Division’s semiconductor equipment contract will be growing rapidly. Sapphire material operations are gradually gaining scale advantage: the company has deployed key components such as sapphire material production and grinding and grinding, and has successfully mastered the international leading super-sized 300kg,
Sapphire crystal growth technology of 450 kg class, 300 kg class large-sized, quality-based sapphire crystallized in 2017, and 450 kg class sapphire crystallization in January 2018. The company ' s sapphire industry is now mainly in the form of the production and sale of sapphire crystals.
The company's sapphire business is becoming more cost-competitive and growing in scale.
0.71 and 0.89, corresponding to 31.82 and 25.38 times the price charged on April 10th. Prior to the company ' s current full order of the fully automated single crystal silicon growth furnace, the future sales prospects of the company ' s semiconductor with single crystal growth and related processing equipment, and the demand for sapphire material,
Risk factors: the expansion of downstream producers in the photovoltaic market is not as high as expected, the pace of domestic crystallization is not as high as expected, and the demand for sapphire materials is not expanding as expected.