Plumbing monocrystal expansion continues, maintaining a high level of hand orders to ensure firm performance, a single light-crystal expansion continues, and Paulie joins the battle. According to the announced expansion plan for two of the country's largest crystals, the single silicone production capacity of Lungi shares in 2018 will continue.
From 15gw to 28gw, the power of a single crystal silicon in a central ring will be expanded from 11gw to 23gw.
Nan Crayon invested $9 billion to build up 20gw ccw's continuous straight single crystal capacity. In the larger context of price-free Internet access, even if the multi-crystal enterprise has already started to apply large areas of goldline cutting techniques, the tendency to replace optical monocrystals with polycrystals based on a variety of technological routes continues.
The company's crystalline silicon growth equipment remained high on hand orders, which strongly ensured that in 2018 the crystals engine (300316.sz): the monocrystal business had not lost momentum, with a one-quarter contract of $3.657 billion. By the end of 2017, the company had not completed all of the contracts.
Transistor Power (300316.sz): semiconductor business breakthroughs valued at $118 million for contracts that have not yet reached delivery date and total outstanding contract amounts
The company ' s crystalline silicon growth equipment, which is expected to be enforceable in 2018, totals over 30.15 billion yuan in hand orders, representing 191.79 per cent of the company ' s revenue of 1,572 million yuan in 2017 from the company ' s crystal silicon growth equipment business.
The maintenance of high grades provides a strong guarantee that high growth will continue in 2018. By the end of 2017, semiconductor equipment had held around $105 million in hand orders and made an important breakthrough in R & D. In 2017, the company increased R & D on semiconductor equipment.
Inputs and significant breakthroughs have been made: "12 inches of silicon with semiconductor class superconductor magnetic field singles, crystal silicon growth furnaces" have been developed to automate the process of single crystal silicon growing processes to an advanced level of international production of the same type of product.
Also in April 2017, the "Silicon Single Crystal furnace in the 8-inch zone" was officially approved by the National Task Force on Receiving and Inspection experts; and a single crystal silicon grinder of the 6-12-inch semiconductor class was developed, a single crystal silicon roller, a single silicon roller, and a silicon silicon stick in the goldline.
At the same time, the company has invested $500 million in the middle-ring lead semi-conductor material company Ltd. The middle-ring lead construction is a key material state for our semi-conductor.
Production is strategic in that it is invested jointly by the Central Ring, Tinless Industry Development Group and Crystal Gear, with a planned investment of up to $3 billion. The sapphire material business is growing at a rapid rate, with large-scale sapphire crystals growing.
In 2017, the company won $9.375 million in sapphire materials, an increase of 173.34 per cent. Following the success of 300 kg class-sized high-quality sapphire crystals in 2017, the company returned in January 2018.
The company became one of the world’s leading companies with super-sized sapphire crystal growth technology, with 450 kg class of sapphire crystals successfully developed.
The premise that orders are expected to rise, that sapphire materials are being phased out, that we're not getting orders up as expected, that large silicon plants are not investing as fast as expected; that sapphire materials are falling below expectations, sales are below expectations, etc.
Pan Young-Long: Nine years of experience in securities research at Xiamen University, joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department in September 2017, mainly in research and follow-up areas: the new energy sector for electrical equipment, and the non-monetary financial sector. The report was produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.