Performance meets expectations and looks forward to semiconductor equipment contribution performance.
Zhou's performance meets expectations and stock orders support the high performance growth of 2018, mainly as a result of the rising rate of photovoltaic monocrystal routes in the city.
Revenues of $199 million, corresponding to -10.58 per cent, mainly for the upgrading of the photovoltaic industry and the opening of new business, and a decrease in the production and sale of old-day-led equipment. Sapphire materials revenue of $9.375 million, compared to +17.334 per cent, benefited from the progressive release of capacity. Other business income of $8.362 million, corresponding to 47.52 per cent (this is mainly the sale of spare parts). Since the company ' s main photovoltage order production cycle is three months, the receipt and inspection cycle after shipment is 3 to 3 months
Five months of uncertainty, based on the uncompleted purchase orders of $1,887 million at the end of 2017 and the announcement made at the beginning of 2018 that the combined Māori rate would remain stable and that the cost control would be good during the period. The Māori rate for the main business would be 39.07 per cent, compared to 4.51 ptt, of which the Māori rate for the core business crystal growth equipment would be 41.42 per cent, compared to 5.83 ptt; and the Māori rate for the smart processing equipment would be 33 per cent.
The price alone does not reverse the price of the company’s core equipment crystal growth equipment; the trend of product diversification has reduced the overall Māori rate for products with low individual Māori rates. Corporate cost controls are good in the face of significant growth in size.
To be affected by the progress in the delivery of orders, the following reasons are: 1) receiving and inspection orders are settled mostly in the form of receivable notes and receivables. 2) The significant increase in the volume of orders at the end of 2017 resulted in a significant increase in inventory and cash expenditure for procurement, which in turn affected
This includes unreceived commodities, products in production and raw materials procured, among others, and increases in the deposit bond that affects the performance of single bids in cash flow, with other receivables at the end of the period amounting to $15,568,000, and 1.
▪ Increased R & D investment, with multiple flowering results expected during the reporting period, with semiconductor equipment spending of $165 million in 2017, representing 8.46 per cent of operating income;
Performance contributions go beyond the photovoltaic period – the number of personnel is 389 – an increase of 41.5% over the same period; many results have been achieved during the reporting period in the areas of photovoltaic equipment, semiconductor preparation, sapphire, etc. We believe that, with continued investment in corporate R & D and growing product lines, it is expected that the future will be transformed into orders, supporting sustained performance growth.
The company's short-term performance will benefit from the warming of the photovoltaic industry, and medium-term low-cost Internet access will lead to a massive rise in the demand for photovoltaics, with a long-term expectation of benefiting from the high profile of the semiconductor industry and the national production of semiconductor equipment.
As a result of the semiconductor's new 4.Chrystal power: performance meets expectations, it is proposed to focus on progress in the development and marketing of the company's semiconductor equipment.
Updates left unattended, maintaining the original profit forecast (i.e. $100 million), based on the principle of prudence; photovoltaic equipment condolence, with $700 million (in hand orders that can be supported, and South Korea’s Hanhua Cairn project Māori is higher than other clients). Stock orders lock in a high growth of 2018-
5. Kryptonite power: 450 kg class blues, crystals, decent world, promising to benefit from 1. Performance is expected, stock orders support high performance growth in 2018.
According to the branch, crystal-growing equipment generated 1,572 million or 81% of the total, compared to 132.88% of the total, mainly benefited from an increase in the share of light-voltage single-crystal routes. Smart processing equipment (including photovoltaics and led) earned 199 million or -10.58% of the total, mainly for the upgrading of the photovoltaic industry and the opening of new operations, and the sale of old Led equipment decreased.
Income of $9.375 million, or +17.334 per cent, benefited from the progressive release of capacity. Other business income of $8.362 million, or 47.52 per cent (this is mainly the sale of spare parts).
At the end of 2017, the total outstanding contracts amounted to 1,887 million (including 105 million semiconductor equipment), of which 315 million were for all shipments, 1,454 million were for partial deliveries and 119 million were for contracts that had not yet reached the delivery date. The collection process for companies was 4:3.2:1, i.e. 90 per cent of the purchase order amount was recorded as pre-receipt prior to acceptance and pre-receipt by the end of 2017.
As the company ' s main photovoltaic order production cycle is three months, the receipt and inspection cycle after delivery is three to five months uncertain, and according to the outstanding purchase orders of $1,887 million at the end of 2017 and the new signing orders of $1.140 billion announced at the beginning of 2018, tax-free revenues have reached $2,587 million and the volume of company orders has been able to sustain high performance growth in 2018.
The Māori ratio for the main business was 39.07 per cent, corresponding to 4.51 ptt, of which the Māori rate for the core business crystal growth equipment was 41.42 per cent, corresponding to 5.83 ptt, and the Māori rate for the smart processing equipment was 33 per cent, compared to 4.11 ptt. The price alone did not reverse the price of the company ' s T–CD equipment, based on 2016/2017.
Annual sales, the average unit price of crystal growing equipment in 2016 was 1.33 million units, and the unit price was 1.4 million units in 2017, an increase of 5.3 per cent on the same date, indicating a further upgrading of corporate products.
(b) Prices of raw material steel increased by more than 50 per cent in 2017 and by over $5,000 per ton in 2017, up from six years, with a sharp decline in net operating cash flows, mainly affected by the pace of delivery of orders
The cash flow is affected in terms of products and raw materials purchased.
(ii) Semiconductor equipment: 6-12 inches of serial semiconductor single-crystal silicone rollers and single-crysilica cut-off.
New products, such as machines, fully automated silicon polishers, double-face grinders, etc., have been enriched, thus creating a national production advantage in the field of semiconductive silicon growth and processing equipment. 3) Sapphire material: Internationally leading super-sized 300 kg, 450 kg-class sapphire crystals have been successfully mastered.
Technology, the sapphire business, is more cost-competitive and increasingly large-scale. We believe that, with the continued investment in corporate R & D and the expansion of product lines, it is expected that the future will be transformed into a bill that will support sustained performance growth.
It is also worth mentioning that the company ' s R & D expenditure is fully costed in the current period and is not capitalized, as can be seen from the firm ' s confidence in its performance.
The company’s short-term performance will benefit from the warming of the photovoltaic industry, with medium-term low-cost Internet access leading to a surge in photovoltaic demand, and, in the long term, will be expected to benefit from the high profile of the semiconductor industry and national support for the national production of semiconductor equipment, suggesting that attention be focused on progress in the development and sale of semiconductor equipment in the public sector.
Profit forecasting (i.e. 100 million); photovoltaic equipment contributing $700 million (which can be supported by hand orders, and South Korea’s Hanhua Cairn project, whose semiconductor nationalization has developed less than expected, and sapphire business has not expanded as expected.