China Express (688009) Mechanical Equipment and Track Control System taps, which are expected to benefit in depth from the upgrading and upgrading of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• 24q1 company performance was slightly lower than expected. 24q1, with a relatively high increase in business growth in railways, urban tracks, overseas, general contracting of engineering, and a relatively high rate of Māori production, and an increase in the overall Māori ratio of companies
The overall Māori rate for companies was 27.4 per cent, compared to 4.7 per cent for the same year, the Māori rate increased mainly in the company's low Māori engineering business, the high Māori business growth rate in railways, which increased proportionately; the net interest rate was 10.95 per cent, +0.4 pp, and the company's 24q1 crop fell, but the company's business was project-based and its expenditure was relatively fixed and its costs were relatively fixed.
• The company is the leader of the rail control system and is expected to benefit in depth from the re-routing. The railway-related equipment is currently in a replacement cycle, in line with the drive for large-scale equipment upgrades proposed by the Central Finance and Economics Committee at its meeting.
Iron line re-engineering, 2g to 5g network re-engineering + upgrading of signal systems in the urban track) is expected to accelerate release, with companies being the only one in the country to design, equip and build integrated signal communication systems, with companies accounting for more than 60 per cent of high-iron power integration operations in 2023.
Over 37 per cent, with the highest number on the list, follow-up updates are expected to bring new elasticity to the company’s operations.1 China’s common sign is the deep-cultivation-trading field, leading the achievement-trading control system 1.1 is focused on the track-to-control system, with eight core technologies.
The industry of deep-farming orbital traffic control systems has become the leader of the domestic industry. The company was formerly the Communications Signal Engineering Company, which was established in 1953 by the Chinese Ministry of Railways; in 1981, the Ministry of Railways formally formed the Communications Signal Company; in 2000, it was delinked from the Ministry of Railways and placed under the overall management of the Central Enterprise Industrial Commission; in 2010, China Railway Communications Signals Company Ltd. was established; in 2015, the company became a member of the Central Business Commission.
Listed on the Hong Kong joint exchange; fully completed corporate restructuring in 2017; first listed on the Shanghai stock exchange in 2019.
The company's main business is divided into two main sections: the orbital traffic control system and the general contracting of engineering. The company has always focused on research and exploration of orbital traffic control system technology and its derived applications and has now formed three tracks of system delivery, design integration, and equipment manufacturing.
(1) Designed integrated plates: mainly system integration services, design and advisory services to provide products related to orbital traffic control systems. Equipment manufacturing plates include, inter alia, the production and sale of signal systems, communications information system products, etc.) System delivery plates: including construction, installation and maintenance of the orbital traffic control system project.
Package: The business is centred on the main orbital transport contractor, which expands to other related areas such as municipal infrastructure, housing construction, industrial parks, etc., and gradually develops a whole-of-the-industry operating model. In addition, the company is strategically oriented to “maintain responsibility, innovative leadership, focus on the main business, multi-dollar synergies” and provides related products and clothing such as trams, smart cities, electricity electrification, and general engineering contracting.
From the downstream application terminal market, the company’s operations can also be divided into railways, urban tracks, overseas operations, etc. Figure 2: China Express is the leader of orbital transport equipment, and the business map is diversified. From a product point of view, the track control system is the company’s core business, accounting for about 79% of the total.
Integrated system of orbital traffic control, including investment financing, design integration, equipment manufacturing, system delivery, supporting engineering construction and maintenance, is the most comprehensive and system-based enterprise in the country, with 13 current generation production bases throughout the country, covering the entire industrial chain in the field of orbital traffic control, and the only available global supply from investment financing to R & D design,
Equipment manufacturing, engineering services and the operation of enterprises that maintain one-stop services in the whole industry chain. 1) Orbital traffic control systems have experienced steady growth in harvests and a higher Māori rate. 2016-2023, orbital traffic control systems 1.96 pp. of which the operations of orbital traffic control systems include system delivery services, design integration, equipment manufacturing
The three main sections, which have remained largely stable since 2019-2023, are system delivery services, with rail and urban rail markets high from downstream terminal markets. The company is the backbone of our rail and rail construction, providing products and uniforms for the development of orbital traffic by the National Iron Company, 18 railway stations and more than 40 cities, as well as a number of mining companies.
In 2023, the company's railways market reached $19.25 billion, i.e. 0.39 per cent, 51.9 per cent, +3.8 pp, Māori 31.9 per cent, +2.4 pp, and railway companies provided core control technology and equipment to the vast majority of the country's already operational high-trails; the urban track.
The market generated $8.53 billion, compared to 0.63 per cent, 23.0 per cent, 26.8 per cent, 26.8 per cent, 26.8 per cent, +2.4 per cent, and in 2023, the China Express won 12 of the 33 city-track signal control system projects that opened tenders, accounting for about 37 per cent of the market. Overseas market operations generated $1.49 billion, compared to 1.1 per cent, compared to 4 per cent, and 18.5 per cent.
It is mainly a contraction in the overall engineering contracting business and a pervasive barrier to technical standards and product certification in overseas markets, as well as differences in market recognition of Chinese standards in different regions, which affected overseas performance, with companies operating abroad down by 1.11 per cent in 2023, while companies in 2024q1 achieved revenues of 6.51 billion yuan, compared to 13.1 per cent, and net profit returns of 604 million yuan.
In 2023, the company further strengthened its position as a leader in business, entering into new contracts in overseas, engineering and other fields, and in 2023, total engineering contracts and other areas, $31.09 billion, a decrease of 8.1 per cent in the same year; railways, $25.112 billion, an increase of 5.0 per cent in the same year; urban track, $13.18 billion, an increase of 3.9 per cent in the same year; overseas, an increase of 3.9 per cent in the same year.
Downstream demand has increased and future corporate rail orders are expected to continue to grow, with a positive impact on company performance.