First-curve business is on track, second-curve business opens up a new space for growth, middle-line communications (000063.sz) q2  double profit growth, second-curve business is on the bright side, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The company released its mid-2022 report, with a revenue of 59,818 million yuan in 2022h1, an increase of 12.71 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 4,566 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 11.95 per cent in the same year. Both domestic and international markets, networks of operators, government enterprises, and consumer revenues are growing.
At the same time, online operations are actively expanding and opening up new spaces for growth of the second curve operations, which are represented by servers and storage, terminals (including cell phones, mobile connections, intelligent households, etc.), auto electronics, digital energy (including power sources, data centres, new energy sources, etc.), and 5g industry applications. Taking into account the epidemic and macro-environmental factors, we are below.
• Performance is in contrast to low valuations, second-curve operations are expected to lead to a double increase in valuation performance, 5g investments are at a mid-to-late stage, investors are worried about corporate revenue ratios of more than 50 per cent of the operator's business burden, and we believe that the operator's business continues to grow at a steady pace, the domestic market and the company is committed to working towards mastery
Current suppliers shift to core suppliers, increasing their share of the operator ' s market; in international markets, companies capture market opportunities such as 5g new construction, 4g modernization, fixed fibre optics, and family broadband product renewal. Second curve business shows strong growth, with second curve operating revenue rising in the first half of 2022.
Nearly 40%. In governance and enterprise, as the digital transformation of the industry accelerates, the growth of the East and West is moving forward, the company Valuation and High Performance Growth Erases, ict leads, constantly builds the bottom-level competitiveness of servers and key products such as storage, data centres, and speeds up the expansion of the Internet,
In the consumer sector, companies focus on mobile phones, building a pattern of "1+2+n" around personal and household data and intelligent surrounding eco-products.
The second curve is expected to lead to a two-fold increase in valuation performance.