In the first half of the year, companies faced the challenges of the new crown epidemic and the external environment and realized business income of 59.818 billion yuan.
This represents an increase of 12.71 per cent over the same period in the previous year: the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 4,566 million yuan in the same period, representing a net profit of 3,725 million yuan, an increase of 65.83 per cent over the same period in the previous year. The domestic market generated business income of 40,602 million yuan, an increase of 12.93 per cent over the same period; and the international market generated business income of 19,216 million yuan, the same amount.
Three lines of business go hand in hand, leading the domestic telecommunication equipment market.
Industry revenues of $38,721 million, an increase of 10.47 per cent, and companies now cooperate with more than 110 operators around the world in 5g. The products in question have been rounded up by domestic operators for several consecutive years; government enterprises have achieved operating revenues of $6,705 million, an increase of 18.32 per cent, depending on the company's efficient digital infrastructure.
Digital nebula based on cloud-based trading structures, digital transformation of deep-farming industries; consumer business, Yang, achieving business income of $14,392 million, an increase of 16.51 per cent over the previous year, and corporate commitment to global user belts
To create a digital way of life that is seamlessly connected to the whole scene, with sustained power in brands, products, channels, etc., and to promote the sale of products such as individuals and families to the ground.
The company’s second curve business income increased by nearly 40% in the first half of 2022, making good progress. In the end, strategic cooperation was reached with a number of automobile companies and commercial projects were launched in the area of vehicle-borne iot; according to the central sector, China’s telecommunications, telecommunications and other related projects were continuously winning, and the Philippines, South-East Asia, was achieved overseas.
Country-scale deployments, such as in Indonesia; 5g industry applications, with the launch of the 5g Smart Steel Independence Network 2.0 programme, which supports innovation and digitalization of industry leaders, such as the Saddlers Group; and auto electronics, where operational system products have passed the highest level of auto electronics security, iso 262asil-d
The company is the leading global provider of integrated communications information solutions, which went beyond the strategy in 2022, with a net profit of 938 million yuan and a net profit increase of 241.83% over the reporting period.
As the epidemic improves, construction and application of 5g, both within and outside the country, the profitability of the company’s core business is expected to continue to improve.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.