Qingdao beers (600600) food beverages, high-end, smooth 21-year-old, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company issued its annual 2021 report, which generated a revenue of $30.17 billion, an increase of 8.7 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $3.16 billion for the mother, an increase of 43.3 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $2.21 billion for the non-repatriation of the mother, an increase of 21.5 per cent in the same year. Of this, 21q4 earned $3.39 billion, an increase of 1.7 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother.
Tens of thousands of tons, or 1.4 per cent more than the same year, have continued to upgrade the product structure, and the sales structure has been optimized: the master card achieved 4,32 million tons of sales, or 11.6 per cent more than the same year, of which 520,000 tons were sold, or 14.4 per cent more than the same year; and the other brands achieved 3.6 million tons of sales, or 8.6 per cent lower prices.
In addition to the company’s continued push to replace the mountain with the canned mountain in Shandong and the north of China, the price of other brands rose from 7 to 3742 ton. Subregionally, it was achieved along the dominant area of the yellow belt in Shandong and north of China.
The volume price rose by a factor of +3.4 per cent/+6.8 per cent and the revenue by a factor of +6 per cent/+5 per cent, respectively; the cost of the weakening of the coastal zone fell significantly, with sales costs falling by 2 per cent per cent in South-East China/East/South-East China, respectively, and the East-South region successfully lost a profit. The company ' s nationalization was stabilized and its product structure upgraded along the yellow zone.
Cost increases to the south of the Yangtze River, which is expected to sustain high corporate performance in 22 years. Due to the continuing rise in prices of key raw materials such as barley, buns, etc., the industry as a whole is under pressure, and because: 1) alcohol companies generally use pre-lock prices to avoid price fluctuations in raw materials, the impact of high prices has been on the reporting line from q3 to the end of q3.
(ii) Weak demand for beer to enter the subseasons, the decline in sales reduces the scale effect, and cost pressures highlight the pressure on the Māori 21q4 ratio. In terms of cost rates, sales costs have increased by 0.7 to 13.6 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increased branding by companies, and the reduction of social security costs due to the new crown outbreak during the same period; and management fees.
The use rate has remained stable, with a 0.4 pp to 5.6 per cent decline in the same year, and the company received compensation from the Government for the collection of land at the Yang family store in December 21 and contributed $436 million in net profits to the company after deducting the related expenses, such as taxes and fees.
The prices of raw materials such as aluminium, barley, etc. continued to rise, companies started to raise prices for products such as white beverages and 1903 during the 21st quarter, and the current feedback on price increases is going well, and the profit-end boost is expected to improve in 22 years.
In the context of the continuing occupation of consumers’ minds by the inner-line immersion marketing activities at the heart of bars, the competitive advantage of the company’s high-end beer competition will be further expanded, and long-term performance is expected to improve. Qingdao beer (60000): short-term pressure on sales is evident.
2. Qingdao beer (600,600): The main brand has expanded rapidly, the national expansion has accelerated (2021-08-26) Qingdao beer (600,600): 100-year-olds are pouring rain.
No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly from specific recommendations or views in this report because of the fact that structural upgrades have taken place during the wave (2021-06-22).Sixan Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.