The epidemic has shown resilience, 2022.
The upgrading of the product structure has led to endogenous growth, with land harvesting increasing non-recurrent gains. According to the Chinese Alcohol Association, the production of our beer in January-November was 3,327 thousand litres, an increase of 5.2% compared to the previous year, taking into account the company’s main China.
The northern market has been affected by the epidemic many times, and we expect the company to be selling at a lower annual rate than the industry level, mainly from structural upgrades resulting from the release of high-end products such as pure, white beverages, 1903, and amberlag. The company's Yang family plots are being stored by the government, and the land collection and compensation increase is about $436 million in net profits, net of non-recurrent gains and losses.
After that, the company lost $1.022 billion in the fourth quarter of 2021, with an increase of 18.56 per cent over the same period, the fourth quarter was a traditionally light season for beer, while at the end of the year it accounted for costs, and the company lost more in the single quarter. 2021 industry moved up high-end, with 2022 on the rise.
The Chairman of the Council, Ho Yong, predicted that sales revenue from the beer industry would be $155 billion in 2021, an increase of 7.8 per cent in the same year, and that Wang Sheihai would achieve a profit of $17.5 billion, an increase of 30 per cent in the same year, and that the industry would grow faster and more profitable.
At the same time, driven by the rise in the prices of packaged materials, barley, beer taps like Chongqing, Bawe Asia-Pacific, and Xao Yu, companies have raised prices, and Aoshima beer has also raised prices for a number of products, such as the August Aoshima Pure Terminal in Shandong, where prices have increased by about $4/box, or 5%. Meanwhile, the 2022 consumption scene is expected to recover gradually, and beer sales are expected to take place.
In 2020, the company introduced a equity incentive program that is oriented toward growth and net asset returns, in line with the shift in industry’s competition from “size” to “profit prices.” At the operational level, the company has deepened its brand strategy of “the Qingjia Beer Master + the Qingshima Beers Second” and introduced a new brand strategy, which is based on the following principles:
Qingdao beer (600,600): The epidemic disturbs short-term sales, not just white beverages, pure, and a multi-grade Qingdong product matrix, with super-high-end products such as Centennial Travel, Amber Lager, with more than 200 "tsingtao 1903 Qing Island Beers" distributed throughout the country.
2. Qingdao Beers (600,600), 2021 semi-annual reviews: 21h1 income growth is robust and product high-end multiplier profits are exchanged with consumers through new channels, new scenes and high branding.
21q1 business performance increased before the outbreak, with the main competition of $34,851 million, the net return to the mother of $31.50, 32.86 and 3,635 million, respectively, and each of them benefited from the industrial development dividend, while there was still room for growth in high-end monolithics, branding, etc.
New marketing has played a significant role, and the profit-end improvement trend continues.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.