On 11 March 2019, the invitation to bid was introduced to avoid the competitive advantage of marking at a lower price.
Depending on the offers made by the parties, the market is free of the relatively low cost (646 million for base-year operations and 47% for aggregate collection points (excluding fine items) of the airport. According to our information, the airport is larger in size and more concentrated in sales than the current airport in the capital, t2.
• New airport impact analysis: air traffic bottlenecks opened in the capital area and two duty-free operations in Beijing in the medium to long term will be facilitated, and the constraints on the growth of international passenger traffic at the capital airport will be removed as the airport becomes operational.
With the exception of the future bottlenecks in international passenger growth that are expected to open throughout the capital region, and the opening of the short-term airport does not create a significant diversion for international passengers at the capital airport, which is expected to be covered by natural increases over the next three years, in line with the current pace of migration by the civil aviation authorities.
In the medium and long term, the airport had 72 million passengers in 2025 and 100 million in forward planning, respectively.
Given that the current stock structure of the airport’s free shop is not clear, we maintain the original profit forecast, it is expected that the return in stock prices will be largely influenced by the island-wide tax exemption that Henan may introduce in the future, and that short-term stock adjustments will provide medium- and long-term investors.
Hainan has fully promoted the free trade port to achieve duty-free access for the entire island and duty-free sales from all channels have fallen short of expectations.
2. Research brief by China National Travel (601888): stripping of travel agency operations, focusing on tax-exempt owners
The competition of tax-free operators resulted in the successful winning of the two labels of tobacco and wine food, perfumed concentrates, and the first round of financial declarations between the parties. Since the international flights of the future East and South Air are mainly concentrated in t2, we analyse the results of the tax-free bidding at the airport mainly in the light of the capital t2 tax-free shop:
(1) The overall rate of deductions is similar to that of the capital, t2, and the cost of operating the floor is lower than that of the capital, t2. The results show that the combined rate of withholdings at the two-point bar at the international airport is about 47%, slightly lower than the current rate of t247.5%. At the same time, based on the base of the base year, the total cost of operating the base at the airport is $646 million for the base year, which is also lower than at the capital airport.
t2 First year, 800 million dollars in operating charges. (2) This tender is invited, free of competitive advantage at lower prices. This tender is the third open airport exit shop in the country, although the bead is exempt from re-claiming higher than the median price (base price for the base year ($720 million) and aggregate deduction points).
The rate (47.5%) is higher, but the technology evaluation is phased in, with the advantage of access and size still beating the other side. Because we have reason to believe that if the future exit shop is liberalized, it will still be able to take down the airport at a more reasonable price.
According to our follow-up, it is expected that the tax-free shop at Dae-Hing International Airport will operate in an area of nearly 5,000 square metres (4000+ out of the country, 500+ in the country), larger than the tax-free shop at the current capital airport t2 (3186 flat, 416 flat in the country), and will be sold in the base year (2020) on the basis of the current bottom operating costs and deduction rates.
13.70 billion yuan, less effective than the current airport in the capital, t2. Combined with the above information, we would like to stress that the advantage of being exempted from competition with domestic duty-free operators is significant and that markets should shift from the traditional fixed perception of being exempted from monopoly advantage to being seen in favour of pre-emptive and large-scale advantage.
II. Impact analysis of new airports: Capital Territory air traffic bottlenecks open, medium- and long-term benefits for two duty-free operations in Beijing, which, in terms of geographical location and urban functions, is the most appropriate region in the country for the development of a large international air hub: (1) the three main hubs
In New York airport, Beijing is the shortest route from Europe and North America and the rate of deviation is low; (2) the capital has the function of a political and economic centre, which makes it dependent on the limited availability of time and airspace resources, the inaccessible bottlenecks of existing transit hardware and processes, the limited capacity of international airports in capital countries, and the limited resources available to effectively safeguard the needs of domestic and international transit passengers.
In the last three years, flights and passenger flows have grown tired, and Da Heung Airport is located at the international hub, which connects Kyojin to the joint air transport hub.
Positioning is an integrated international traffic hub for the Jingjin-Jinjiang district. The airport is now fully equipped with open land transport facilities, and there are “one or two” ground transports to Beijing, including the inter-King City railway, the airport speed line, the three highways at Kingkai, Kyotai and the new airport.
Figure 4: Geographical location of Daesing International Airport, Figure 3: Geographical location of Daesing International Airport
(1) On the one hand, with the gradual transition of East and South China to the boom, both futures will add significant additional time and transit hardware resources to provide space for the Division to increase international line capacity and develop international transit passengers, and it is expected that some of the future hot and long routes, such as the North American-Indian subcontinent, North American-South-East Asia, will use Beijing as a new transit node (whether capital or major) and that the growth of international transit passengers will be possible
(ii) Unlike the two “one-size-fits-all” locations in Shanghai, the Civil Aviation Authority has positioned two international air hubs in Beijing, with Capital International Airport serving mainly the capital's core functions, while Daejung International Airport is used as an integrated traffic hub for the Jingjin-Jinjiang district.
The Alliance divides the main base companies, which means that both have to have a complete international and domestic route, which is designed to reduce the probability of transit passengers travelling between the two and to increase the efficiency of their travel. Our quantitative analysis shows that international passengers at the capital airport are less affected by the diversion.
The Division's share of the international line market is only 10 per cent at the capital airport (in terms of seating), measured by the Civil Aviation Authority's trans-shipment programme, and the Division's choice of a one-time transfer of 1 per cent/5 per 2 per cent per 2 per cent for international passengers during the four seasons starting from the 19/20 winter spring season, if not considered, could be largely offset by the natural acceleration of the current traffic of passengers on the international line at the capital airport.
In the medium-to-long term, there will be an open bottleneck in the Beijing regional air traffic. According to the Civil Aviation Authority, the annual rate of passenger traffic in the entire Beijing regional air brigade is 4.2 per cent/8.7 per cent.9 per cent, while the increase in the low number of places since the summer of 2020 (mainly at Da Hing Airport) has increased significantly since the beginning of the winter spring season of 2021/22.
In addition, in order to encourage the Department to move as quickly as possible, the Department of Civil Aviation has introduced a programme called “Twipe With Favour, to promote it.” As far as tracking is concerned, the South is the most active for the transfer, and the East is not clear.
By the end of the season, the two Divisions will receive a one-time 40-per-cent increase in international flights at the airport, which will be significant. Third, profit analysis: short-term stress, medium- and long-term commercial potential, and given that the Civil Aviation Authority has not yet given further guidance on the allocation of resources at the moment, we are large in combination with two scenarios and partial assumptions.
The scale of future tax-exempt income at Hing International Airport is measured by (1) not taking into account international transit passenger flows that may have occurred in 19 years; (2) with reference to the guidance of the Civil Aviation Authority, passengers amounted to 28.6 million/47.8 million/72 million in 2020-2022, respectively
(3) Taking into account the location of the international hub at Daesing International Airport and the Civil Aviation Authority's transfer plan, we expect that the combined total of other operating costs and rents for 2020-2022 will be approximately 40 million in 19 years; on the basis of this calculation, we have deferred two scenarios: (1) the tax-exempt store at Daesing International Airport will be exempted from full-time holdings, and the day will be the day of the transfer.
As noted earlier, we believe that the future commercial potential of the airport is great. According to the Civil Aviation Authority, in 2025, the airport doubled its passenger traffic in the first year and the other variables remained constant, with net profits of more than 260 million yuan, which, together with the profits of the current capital airport, we consider to be of great strategic importance in the medium and long term.
The airport traffic is expected to grow rapidly in 2020, with a significant medium- and long-term flow of passengers expected to avoid the construction of an airport in the capital city: On the other hand, the airport will also provide more time for the capital airport to break through the bottlenecks of the capital airport ' s past growth in passenger flow due to its limited supply at the time, thereby contributing to the capital ' s t2/t3 duty-free shop.
However, we believe that the short-term rate of duty-free access to the island is relatively small, mainly due to the difficulties of customs control and unrestricted entry into and exit from the island, and that frequent duty-free shopping by residents in Hainan will have a significant impact on tax markets in the country. Moreover, according to the basics, the company’s market for tax-exempt channels in January/February has continued to grow at a relatively high rate.
The fundamentals are still strong, and short-term stock price adjustments will provide medium- and long-term investors with a placement opportunity. Considering the benefits of potential policies such as tax exemptions in the current Da Hing airport duty-free shop, the “recommended” rating continues to be maintained.
Johns Hopkins University, Master of Arts, Shanghai Futures Exchange, author with a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,