Stock risk continues to be mitigated, retail wealth accelerates development Strategic upgrading, management promotes the optimization of the collusive organization, and retail wealth is expected to accelerate development. In mid-2021, IBC launched a new three-year strategy to raise retail sales to first strategy and propose wealth management
The retail line was divided by former credit card director Lu Tiangui and incorporated into the former Ministry of Wealth’s Vice-Governor, Wang Hong, as Managing Director of Wealth. Good management pushed for an optimal restructuring of retail organizations in 2021.
Stock risk continues to be mitigated, retail wealth accelerates development. Credit controls are approved in the middle of the year, or further contribute to the rapid growth of retail wealth operations by companies.
Sino-Trust Bank tradition continues to have a public advantage, with public loans and deposits ranked second in the stock bank, and in particular, with public deposits still providing better support for business. Contributions to public strategic customers, institutional clients continue to grow, and deposits continue to rise.
In the past few years, the contributions of leading companies, local state companies, etc., have increased steadily, with deposits averaging 26% per day in 2021.
Inventory issues have been addressed and exposed over the past five years, as evidenced by write-offs and confirmed weaknesses in the past five years.
There is a gradual decline in the rate of bad business, real estate, construction, etc.. Future pressures, or mainly from real estate, have been identified as having a higher rate of badness, and credit risk real estate financing and sales without credit risk are relatively low for comparable peers.
Quality and provision of assets are in the middle of the equity line, and as wind control systems continue to optimize, the quality of assets and the customer base and asset liability structure of CSBs highlight the typical characteristics of the equity bank, support credit for public deposits and higher fees and retail contributions.
Refusal, traditional advantage over public business, enhanced retail wealth strategy, retail or rapid development, improved handling fees and retail deposits, and financial performance or gradual improvement.
In 2022, in the same industry, corporate operations will continue to be disturbed by the epidemic, performance will increase slightly, retail strategies will continue to advance, performance growth and profitability will improve or will improve over time as the epidemic and economic recovery progresses.
Bank: Shareholding Bankii
The Sino-China Group, based on the unique Financial+Industry Group platform, is known as China ' s China Cin Group Limited (formerly China International Trust Investment Corporation).
Founded in 1979 as a pilot and open window for economic reform, China’s first State-owned enterprise group to use foreign capital for the production of financial, trade and economic technology services has made fruitful efforts to explore and innovate in many areas. In 2002, China’s International Trust Investment Corporation (CITI) was transformed into China’s China-China-Sin Group Corporation, which became a state-authorized investment agency.
In August 2014, the Group injected 100 per cent of Sino-Kin shares into Hong Kong, bringing the total offshore listing.
The Sino-Trust Group currently covers five major business blocks: integrated finance, advanced intelligence, advanced materials, new consumption and new forms of urbanization. For the thirteenth consecutive year in 2021, the Sino-Trust Group was ranked 115th highest in the United States of America's Wealth magazine, World 500th. The Sino-Kin stock (sehk:00267) is one of the Hong Kong Helium Index components.
The profit contribution is the integrated financial block, with 64% of the profits in 2021, with the most significant contribution being made by the Sino-Trust Bank. Sino-Bank stock customers are closely linked to the development and promotion of earlier group operations, and continue to grow within the group as affiliates develop.
And 95 per cent; 22,7.6 billion yuan was added to the size of the holding of assets.2 In 1985, the Bank of China Trust Group, and the start-up of public operations, the Ministry of Banking was established, building on the original Ministry of Finance, to further expand external financing, foreign exchange transactions, and issuances.
In 1987, the Chinese Business Bank was established with the approval of the State Council and the People’s Bank, and in 2005 it was renamed the Chinese Credit Bank.
Figure 1. The structure of Sino-Trust Bank equity, the introduction of external bankers, the reform of the stock system, the development of retail banks as integrated commercial banks, and the recruitment of the Vice-President of the Bank of Commerce and Industry, Chen Xiaozheng, as Chairman and Deputy Director-General of the China-China Group of Companies, and the China-Customs Holdings