2021 semi-annual reviews: performance meets market expectations, single-screen cost-benefit competition slows down significantly, performance meets market expectations. In addition, companies will repurchase shares for 236 million shares of company shares.
Write-offs, which account for 1.66% of the company’s total stock; and announce medium-term dividends. Shareholders give back to the supermarket, the company’s performance is as expected, but they benefit from improved competition patterns, and the cost of building media falls better than the market’s expectations.
On the low base, the split shows that the building media generated revenue of $3.410 billion, an increase of 30.3 per cent, and the cinema media generated revenue of $313 million, an increase of 626.3 per cent, an increase of 626.3 per cent.
The current number of points in the division is 2,464,000, an increase of 5.52 per cent over the same year, indicating that the cost of single screens is better than market expectations. The main benefits are improved patterns of competition. On this basis, we will be larger than q1, mainly due to a significant reduction in the number of people returning home in the spring of 1, 2021, leading to advertising.
There has been no significant decline in enthusiasm during this spring; 2 - There has been a tightening of the policy of advertising in educational training institutions, which has had a negative impact on the advertising of public online educational advertisers. However, the public sector has a diverse income structure, and online educational advertisers, who account for a certain share of revenue, are still in the public domain.
Annual Report and Quarterly 2021: Performance year, the expected growth in corporate income is due to new consumption, finance, games, etc., which is not the same as increased investment by industry advertisers, and even new consumption, fund-based advertisers.
Supermarkets expect that Internet education policies will be unexpected. The improvements in the profitability of advertisers in a number of industries as a result of macroeconomic warming will have limited impact.
An important reason for brand advertising, such as the building media, 2nd, Divisional Media (002027): significant improvement in performance and a rapid recovery in economic recovery
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: As a result of falling company costs benefiting from improved competition patterns, we will revert to a new cycle, new consumption opens up a whole new, much more than expected, and the point of business is lost.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board