Demand-side performance is robust, and the value of the ladder is high Investment rating: increase (maintain) by $7,327 million, 58.9 per cent over the same period; return to net profit of $2.90 billion over the same period.
The performance in the first half of the year was in line with the previously disclosed forecast. At the revenue end: the corporate economy in the first half of the year 2021 has generally returned to normal, with a robust demand-side performance, with less impact from the education sector policy as a result of the recent restructuring of the collection structure. The media in the building performed well, with an increase of 49.73 per cent over the same period.
Billion yuan, or 35.44 per cent of the total revenues; Internet advertising has grown rapidly, rising by 94.56 per cent to 2,254 billion yuan, or 30.76 per cent of the total revenues, and has been structurally stable and healthy. The cinematographic media have recovered and remain optimistic throughout the year. The video media has increased by 651 million yuan, or 349.15 per cent.
8.89 per cent of the total, with a larger increase in the number of advertising outlets of all types, with the corresponding increase of 303.12 per cent in consumer advertising amounting to $281 million, or 3.84 per cent of the total, and the cost of cinema-type media advertisements: as of 31 July 2021, the number of self-employed elevator television outlets had risen compared to the end of last year
10.7% reached 756,000, elevator poster media increased by 1.2% to 1.78 million by the end of last year, and the public cinema media signed up for 1951. On the dots, the company met our previous judgment, and the new dots were used mainly to encrypt second-line cities.
Of this, media costs for buildings decreased by 8.16 per cent to $177 million on a year-on-year basis, and the escalator cost decreased mainly because of the gradual expiration of the high-priced spot in the run-up to the new tide, the current rental market re-entering the buyer ' s market, and the overall rental cost decreased, and we believe that the cost will continue to be maintained in the future.
The cost of cinema media increased by 50.914% to $411 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to the closure of cinemas due to the effects of the epidemic and the fact that rental costs were not incurred during the same period, which has returned to normal during the current period.
Unlike in previous years, in 2021 the company made its first mid-year bonus, and the company showed a positive view of its future business development with $14,442 million and the write-off of its stock, and expressed its interest in investing in it.
Performance volatility, driven by the new long-consumption logic, will reduce the company’s cyclicality. And cost-side stability, business leverage, and, in the future, net profit ends will perform well, with companies expected to improve their valuation.
With the scarcity of off-line flow portals, and as quarterly data become available in the future, we look forward to the year-round growth in performance and investment opportunities arising from higher valuations. The macroeconomic environment has not recovered as expected; regulatory policy risks; and new products for traditional consumer goods companies.
(a) Unexpected roll-out of consumer brands for new economic categories; unanticipated recovery of cinemas; recurrent outbreaks;
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.