Performance met expectations, client structure and position optimization contributed to steady growth in performance - mixed media forecasted performance for the year and a half 2021: 59 per cent increase in corporate revenue, 252 per cent increase in net profit and 316 per cent gain in net profit
The Māori rate for the building media increased by the same amount by 18.85 per cent, and the cinema media experienced a double gain due to the recurring costs of the epidemic, resulting in $6.654 billion for the building media, an increase of 49.73 per cent, which became an effective arrival of the high frequency submersible matrix, creating a powerful brand activation capability.
During the current period, the Institute was restored due to the closure of the disease and the cost of operating the cinema media was the lowest/highest in the previous year: the Institute ' s media contracted a total of 1951 cinemas and 135,000 cinemas covering 288 cities in the country.
The cinema media will accelerate the recovery to pre-epidemic levels. • Active optimization of points will lead to efficiency gains, expansion of multiple clients to smooth the impact of changes in the industry.
There are about 756,000 self-employed devices in the visual media, covering 105 cities in the country, Hong Kong, and more than 30 major cities overseas.
The company continues to reduce the number of elevator television media in the three-lined and suburban cities (less -1.5% in the same year) and the number of elevator poster media outlets (less than in the same year - 9.6%) and to refine the high-quality location layout of a second-line city and overseas markets. The company is expected to continue to increase the density and breadth of quality media coverage.
In the meantime, companies are constantly exploring with Ali the innovation of digital marketing models, promoting smart screens and thousands of floors, with accurate and time-consuming investments. q1 net profits increased by 3120-3542 per cent in the year 21
Net gains or promise of sustainability during the cycle _ Media quality of corporate ladder quality track and brand service capability, maintenance of `very recommended' ratings Research team 2021-03-25
Corporate smart digital marketing patterns continue to innovate, location and client structure optimize, looking forward to the future. The net profit of 2020q4 increased by 222-300% over the same year, and the new brand service market saw its performance continue to grow.
"O3 net profit on return equals 136.77 per cent increase, drops positive net profit innovation high in the new cycle." "A 97-140 per cent increase in performance in the third quarter, looking at the company.
Strong Recovering Growth from Brand Services 2020H1 Non-net interest plus 63% Increase, Client Structure Reconstructing and Pointing Performance Enhancement
"Build media revenue growth, counter-cyclical expansion, recommended attention to the long-term development of the company"