The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) event: the company released its mid-2018 report.
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $3.17 million, an increase of 7884.94 per cent. The main reason for the rise in the ring was the increase in the q2 Māori rate.
Suzhou’s net profit is about $362 million. At the consolidated statement level, the net profit from the combined profits of the company was reduced by approximately $74.19 million, or $317 million, from the net profits of the shareholders of the listed company, after deduction of the overperformance incentive, the amortization of assets, equity incentives, and the combined net profits of the company during the reporting period.
In the first quarter of 2018, some of the high-cost raw material stocks were gradually absorbed, the company’s cost-cutting schemes were added and some alternatives were imported, and we believe that the Māori rate is expected to continue to be robust in the second half of the year.
Market demand is high at 100g, and companies are ahead of 400g, 5g. On 100g: recent facekbook tender cwdm4 demand is strong. Next year, 100gcwdm4 demand is expected to double.
In absolute global leadership, benefiting from the overall high growth of the 100g market, 100g operations, which accounts for most of the company’s income, are expected to continue to grow at a very high rate. 400g. At this point, the demand for 400g is now stronger. The main demand comes from google and amazon. The company’s 400g module product.
At the forefront of the industry, small batch trials have been conducted for a number of large clients. We believe that 400g operations will enter the process of low-income to initial release over 18 to 19 years, creating a powerful boost to higher corporate annual income growth.
The period began to be a part of the wireless market, with accelerated progress in Pre5g and 5g, which are expected to benefit first. Rationally looking at silicon light, 100g is still dominated by traditional technology, and technology patterns are more defined.
Long, digital light-model programmes have been well established (2018-04-10) 100g free optical programmes that have developed over the years and have achieved very high levels of cost and efficiency control.
The 100-g silicon light program, as a post-entryer, makes it difficult to challenge traditional liberal optical programs at both cost and cost. In the future, in the 400-g era, silicon light, especially 500 m, has a certain advantage, with a silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon fabric predominantly located at 400g.
In China, most of the capacity of the global high-end light module is currently available, so tariff additions to China would mean that the high-end light module as a whole would increase prices. If the tax policy ends up on the ground, it will have some impact on profits, but not on the firm’s high growth trend.
Given the company’s lead in the high-end module market in the country and its lead in the 5g wireless market, the future is expected to continue to lead at 400g, and we believe that the company’s future performance is expected to continue to grow high.
Billions, $1.65 billion. Considering the costs of amortization and performance incentives, without taking into account the impact of the trade war, it is expected that the demand for the United States market will fall short of expectations, the risk that the 5g market will not expand as expected, the competition for light-module products will not be caused, nor will it be compensated, directly or indirectly, by the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.