The industry continues to experience a boom, the Māori rate rebounds, and the six-month growth in performance is steady: the net profit of the mother is $317 million, an increase of 7884.94 per cent over the same period; the six-month performance is good; and the second-quarter round is a steady increase.
The company's net profit for the second quarter was $169 million, 14.5 per cent more than for the first quarter; the single subsidiary, Suzhou, had a net profit for the second quarter of $197 million, 18.8 per cent more than for the first quarter, and its performance had been growing at a high rate. The company issued a equity stimulus program last year, which combined reduced the net profit by approximately $36.43 million. At the same time, the promise to Suzhou was exceeded.
The net profit component recognizes excess performance incentives, resulting in a net profit reduction of approximately $1.644 million in the amount of financial discount costs. On the day of the merger, the assessment of Sioux ' s intangible assets increased by about $31 million, resulting in amortization costs of $24.2 million, resulting in a net profit impact of approximately $21.32 million.
The level of Māori has steadily increased, and the demand for data centres has continued to flourish. The volume of high-speed light modules delivered in the first half of the year has increased steadily compared to the same period last year and earlier, while the digestion of stocks and the improvement rate have led to a gradual increase in the Māori rate for corporate products, which reached 25.12 per cent in the first half of 2018.
In the second quarter, the Māori rate reached 25.93, an increase of 1.65 pct over the first quarter. The company is a global 100g light module leader, with a larger share in Google and Amazon, and a continued strong North American data centre.
The high-speed light module is expected to be further consolidated, and to meet the need for data centre rotation and speed enhancement, the company has sent samples to key North American clients to test 400g products and has obtained client approval and certification, with a small shipment expected in the first half of next year.
At the same time, the company continues to collaborate with its domestic and foreign communications masters on the 5g wireless module, continuously optimizing and upgrading the 5g wireless product in accordance with client requirements, and is well prepared to participate in the 5g network test commercial and overall construction.
The target addition project will generate 1.4 million capacity for a 5g wireless light module after delivery.
Not 26 times, 17 times, and 15 times. The communications industry has had 49 times the lowest and 73 times the average for almost a year. Data centre construction has slowed; 400g products have not been developed as expected.
Quarterly steady growth in performance, fixed-coded high-speed light model High growth in performance, consolidation of leadership in the light module industry Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
Yang Xing, Master of Arts, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, August 2015 joined the People's Yang Myeon, the University of Foreign Economics and Trade Master of Economics, two years of experience as an operator, and in 2017 joined the People's Trades. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used in the report are based on compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,