The elasticity of the performance of the oil pipeline can be achieved by the world's largest oil shipowners. There has been a significant improvement in profitability.
In 2022, the company's foreign trade market value (RMB): $11.43.
Oil operations accounted for 61 per cent of revenue, domestic oil operations for 32 per cent, and lang for 7 per cent.The oil markets were high in 2022, with companies earning $18,658 million, a 46.9 per cent increase, and the mother ' s net profit of $1,457 million, which was reversed.
The company will be the first to benefit from the continued optimization of the supply and demand base for oil from foreign trade. The conditions are in place for moving up. At the supply end: crude oil tankers are only 2.48 per cent of the capacity, in bits.
At an absolute low historical level: high prices and uncertainty about power choices inhibit the will of the shipowners alone; older oil tankers over 20 years of age account for 11.5 per cent of the total, taking into account the economic nature or wave of ship scrapping, estimated that Vlcc increased its operational capacity at a rate of 3.1 per cent for the period 2023-2024.
Long, Opec projects that global oil demand will exceed pre-epidemiological levels by 2023, reaching 101.9 million barrels per day, while changes in the post-conflict structure of trade in Russia and Ukraine will result in long shipping distances, with a projected increase of 5.6 per cent in the volume of global maritime crude oil trade in 2023-2024, respectively.
Intra-trade oil transport is on track, lang is on track. Intra-trade oil transport and lang operations are profitable and provide performance “safe mats”.
In 55% of cases, a coa contract was signed to target more than 90% of the base sources for in-country oil shipments and is expected to continue to make steady profits. 2, ng transport: eng ships invested by the company are bound to specific ng projects, and a long-term lease agreement is signed with the project party to secure a stable ship rent and drop.
The rich orders help to further expand the size of the lang fleet and market share, and the company’s lang operations maintain a Māori ratio of around 50 per cent, which will continue to drive profit growth.
The supply and demand fundamentals of the oil transport sector for foreign trade are constantly being optimized, and a favourable climate is approaching. Transport price fluctuations are expected to occur; macroeconomic fluctuations; fuel price fluctuations; exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi; environmental policies; and sales restrictions are being lifted.
I. Middle and Far Sea Energy: The global oil pipeline, with sustained improvements in profitability, has been under way for more than two decades in the 1.1 deep-farming oil transport industry, and the first global tanker fleet is now a world-class oil pipeline for more than 20 years.
In November of the same year, the company was listed in Hong Kong. In 2016, the company organized a major reorganization of its assets to sell Chinese and Chinese bulk cargo, which specializes in dry bulk transport, to the former Central and Far Group, while buying 100% of the former China and Far China Group ' s shares in the ocean, establishing the main line for the development of oil and lang, and changing it to Middle and Far.
It's now the world's largest oil tanker owner, with the capacity to cover the world's mainstream tanker fleet. One, with a total capacity of 2,244 million tons of heavy oil tankers, is 96%.
The company ' s own tankers are the world ' s leading. In the company ' s tanker fleet, the ratio is 70%, and is the main tanker of the oil plate.
Figure 2: The company is the world ' s largest tanker owner (millions of dwt)