On August 28, 2023, Ili issued its semi-annual report for 2023.
Performance meets expectations, income profits increase robustly by billions of yuan (or 3 per cent), performance growth robustly as a result of increased product sales and structural changes. The Māori ratio for the first half of the year was 33.15 per cent (or 0.3 pct); net interest rate
This represents a decrease in the cost of advertising marketing; an increase of 4.01 per cent in management costs (0.2 pct), which combines management costs for the first half of the year; a 0.56 per cent turnover tax and surcharge (0.1 pct); and a net operating cash flow of $6.012 billion (the same increase of 9 per cent),
This is due to increased profits. 2023q2 won $32,757 million (with the addition of liquid milk to the top of the industry, continued expansion of overseas operations, 2023h1 liquid milk/milk powder and dairy/cooled products/other products)
Top in the industry; new and innovative products such as a2-beta gold medallion, active milk proteins and other organic milk series, promoted by companies, gold-column organic pure milk series 1, Ely shares (600887); 2022
The same-digit growth in retail sales of products, the focus on consumers' “health plus functions” was well received, recovery accelerated in 2023 was accelerated 2023 - demand, and innovation and breakthroughs continued on the functional class track.
The scale of sales continues to grow, and revenues from internationalization continue to grow in double digits. By the end of 2023h1, there were 20689 distributors, which is net compared to the end of 2023q1.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, increased competition, higher costs of raw materials, less than expected growth of nuclear heart products, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.