Eli (600887.ch): The performance of China for the entire year 2023 determined that China’s dairy industry is facing short-term challenges of slowing demand, lowering consumption structures, falling milk prices, and increasing competition. As the leader of China’s dairy industry, Eli is also facing weaker markets.
Emotions. However, the more this is the environment, the more able the tap-milk company is to raise its market share through stronger operational and brand capabilities. We believe that, compared to other milk companies, the year-round performance of Ely is still more certain, and the achievement of the latest year-round performance targets is less problematic. Despite short-term shortfalls,
The agent, but as the economy and the market mood gradually improves, the Ely valuation is expected to achieve the target growth in unit income in the middle of 2023 in the fourth quarter of the year, which is less problematic: 1h23 income rises by 4.3 per cent over the year, and after the removal of Oyo, the domestic income rises by around 2 per cent over the same year.
The income of 1h23 fell by 1% from the same year, but its performance continued to improve and in July-August it actually increased in the same medium. Of this, the income of 1h23 from warm white milk increased in the same medium unit.
High units, but beginning to improve gradually in August. Under a company-controlled policy to guarantee prices, the channel stock of Ely milk powder maintains a low water level, laying the foundation for its new and inverse income at a lower base of 2h23. We predict that Eli's 2h23 liquid milk and milk powder will be recorded.
Medium-sized growth helped companies achieve their goal of increasing their income by mid-year 2023. There was greater certainty about the expansion of net profit rates throughout 2023: the ratio of 1h23 Māori was narrow by the same margin, mainly because of the mismatching of spring this year and the weakening of the structure of the class (generally warm yogurt milk).
The positive impact of the fall in the price of original milk is offset by the low performance of milk beverages (as well as by the rise in prices of some raw materials (e.g., large powder and sugar). The ratio of 2q23 Māori is roughly the same. We expect the company ' s 2h23 Māori ratio to expand as milk powder returns to positive terms.
At the same time, companies will continue to focus on reducing efficiency gains, increasing the diversity and accuracy of sales costs and improving cost-use efficiency. We are confident that companies will be able to reach the target of 30bps for a year-on-year net interest rate expansion of 2023.
Valuation value ratios are significant, maintaining the “buy-in” rating: in the face of the structural challenges facing the industry, Eli is still able to maintain a strong level of performance certainty, largely due to its strong brand power, comprehensive and balanced product structure, and robust managerial capacity. We fine-tune Eli's 2023-
Figure 1: Profit projections and financial indicators
e=bloomberg Pilgrim International spob international spdbi optimistic and pessimistic scenarios
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes and profit rates are growing less than expected Optimistic scenario: corporate incomes and profit rates are growing better than expected 2 per cent less in 2024 than in 2024 for liquid milk sales on a year-on-year basis;
In 2024, the production of milk powder increased by more than 20 per cent in the same year, in 2024, the advertising cost decreased by 50 bps, and in 2024, the advertising cost increased by 50 bps.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]