Weak industry returns to Soviet income pressure, and profit rates are improving.
Liquefied milk rings are better than present, and cold drinks are better: according to the branch, 23H1 liquid milk, milk powder and milk productions restore the sous-state situation, in which we predict that the company's average white milk in the first half of the year is increasing at about the same rate as the average in real terms, that the high end usually increases at a much better rate, and that the low-temperature gold milk is increasing at a greater rate than it is today, and that it doubles at a higher rate than it is in the macro.
With the impact of a weak economy, the whole white milk industry continues to grow. Cheese milk products, which we predict are growing at a rapid rate in the first half of the year, while the normal hot acid q2 q1 drops by a fixed yield. Milk powder, which is affected by the pressure of declining birth rates and stock-outs, first half-year-old babies.
At the same time, the company's adult milk industry has been at the top of the market. The cheese industry has been under pressure for the first half of the year, and the company's revenue is projected to fall slightly in comparison to the average, but offline retail market.
The number of places rose by 1.5 to 17.2% over the same period, and the cold-drinking industry increased at a higher base during the same period last year, continuing to maintain its leading position. The cost of spending has declined steadily, and the profitability has remained stable: 23H1 Māori is equal to 0.3 pt to 0.3 pt
33.2%, of which the q2 Māori rate was equal, with an improvement over q1, mainly due to the misallocation of the q1 Spring Festival of 1) 23q1 and limited responsibilities for investment short-term impact on product structure, q2 gradually returning to normal, and 2) the first half of the year of original milk and other raw materials.
The company (8.46%) is still going down. On the cost side, 23h1 sells/managing/research/fiscal rate splits.
Moreover, in the first half of the year, the company lost $410 million in the fall in the price of deposits and contract fees, a significant increase of $290 million in the same year, mainly due to a significant increase in spraying volume in the first half of the year, and an increase in the company’s interest rate of q2 per capita, after removing Australia’s advantages and effects.
Looking at the economic environment is expected to improve gradually, with companies expected to develop better as a whole in the second half of the year, with later quarterly low base benefits. In the long run, companies’ effectiveness continues to pre-empt industry, product structure and cost-control efficiency are improving steadily, and future profitability is expected to continue.
As mentioned above, we expect the company to make a difference between 2023 and 2025 in terms of a clean profit, a major risk: 1) Food safety: 2) Business competition: 3) Economic recovery is not expected.
Data source: Company Data, First Shanghai Forecast, First Shanghai Certificate Co. Ltd.
First Shanghai Securities Company Ltd., 71 East China Road, 19th floor of the Young-Ann Company Building.
This report is compiled by the First Shanghai Certificates Limited (“Shanghai I”) and is intended for general review by investors in institutions. No material, contents or copies of this report may be copied, extracted, quoted, altered, transferred, transferred, transferred or distributed in any way to any other person without prior written permission from the First Shanghai.
The report and any data, materials, and content do not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation, risk tolerance, or any particular need of an individual investor. The Minister makes his own investment decisions, taking into account his own investment objectives, risk assessment, financial and tax considerations.
The data and opinions contained in this report are obtained or derived from sources considered reliable by the First Shanghai, but there is no explicit or implied statement or guarantee of fairness, accuracy, completeness or accuracy of the predictions, opinions or expectations contained in this report. Neither Shanghai I nor its respective directors, supervisors, employees, employees or agents are held responsible for using this report or its contents or for any loss or loss associated with it.
The first Shanghai, or one or more of its affiliates, may or have published inconsistent or different reports or ideas about the information, comments, or investment strategies contained in this report. Information, opinions, and estimates are provided on a “current” basis, without any form of assurance, and may be changed at any time, with no further notice.
In addition, Shanghai I is not a United States investment advisory law (hereinafter referred to as the Investment Counseling Act, the Investment Counseling Act, and the Securities Act of 1934, or other related United States state government laws). In the absence of a special exemption from the law, any financial and investment consulting services provided by Shanghai I, including (but not limited to) what is stated in this file, are not intended to be made available to Americans.
This report is not intended to be distributed or used by any person or unit in the country or jurisdiction.
Keep all rights.