In the first half of 2023, the company increased its total operating q2 liquid milk by the same year, milk powder disrupted the rate of income and cold drinks continued to grow strongly.
+19.2 The overall recovery in dairy consumption in the first half of the year was weak, and the q2 milk price fell by 6.81% on a year-on-year basis, indicating excess supply of milk. In this context, the company q2 liquid milk performed well.
The sales of sheep milk fell by 14.0% and 14.7%, respectively (acNielsen data). We assume that the industry’s broad background has influenced the company’s infant-powdering business to some extent. Cold drinks continue the strong growth of q1, laying a solid foundation for a year-long increase in cold drinks.
The q2 net profit rate has risen slightly over the same period. From the first half of the year, the same rate has fallen down; on the other hand, we assume that the q1 spring q1 pre-positioned the dealer, leading to a product structure that also has an impact on the q2 ratio.
32.73%, compared to 0.07 pct, show a relatively stable performance. At the cost side, the q2 company’s sales costs continue to be excellent and innovative. The company continued to perform well in the first half of the year, in liquid form.
The rate rose to 65.9% in the city of Ammush, and the company's infant powdering business grew to the top of the list, with 13.6% in the city and 23.8% in the market for adult powder.
In terms of product innovation, the share of corporate income rose to 15% in the first six months of the year, and the new market was Ammush's sugar-sugar yogurt and the world's first-ever hot-activating yogurt. In addition, the company promoted a number of hallucinogenic tubes in the entire industry chain.
The company's current market balance is the current market surplus.
The market is worried about the company's performance.
Needs attributes are expected to grow, and there is still much room for per capita consumption to increase with the increase in per capita income. Thus, in the longer term, companies continue to develop space as dairy leaders. Based on their performance this quarter and current markets in the dairy industry.
In addition, he worked two years in the financial sector, followed by 13 years in the wine industry. He worked first-line sales in the cellars, Dukang, and the Shelde wine industry.
Top, middle and low-end prices have practical exercise experience, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white industry, especially in analysing the patterns of sub-high-end alcohol competition. Tang Jing, B.A., Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of fast-discharge industry experience, 10 years of first-line sales experience.
It has a unique insight into high-end white wine. It's good at shaping the future market policy of the liquor industry based on available data and market moves.
yeast, familiar with the seafood industry, the millet industry, culinary cuisine, the seafood industry, the seafood industry, Qinghai International. Zhao Ray, Master of Food Scientific Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and then 2 years, U.S.A., engaged in research and development and operation in the dairy giant Saputo, a year of food and beverage research experience. Covered dairy products (in-depth research, Ili Unit).
The master's degree in finance, graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, has two years of experience in food and drink research.
Food, food, food, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, wine, water, wine, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, water, water, etc.
Wang, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering the beer industry (deeply studying Chinese beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), water and beverages (deeply studying farmers' springs).
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.