The cost of the food beverages is very effective, and the profits continue to raise the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2023, which generated an operating income of 66.2 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 4.3 per cent, an increase of 1.1 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of 2.7 billion yuan, an increase of 2.9 per cent in the same year, and an improvement in the liquid milk acceleration ring and a faster increase in cold drinks.
Dairy products and cold drinks generated business income of $42.4 billion (-1.1 per cent), $13.5 billion (+12 per cent), $9.2 billion (+25.5 per cent).1 Liquid milk has improved by Quarterly Rings, with retail market share remaining the highest in the industry. Constantly warm and white milk is more resilient, with medium-digit growth achieved in the first half of the year; leading product upgrading, gold-coated organic pure cattle
There is a double-digit increase in milk retailing. 2) The share of infant and adult powder retailing is 13.6% and 23.8%, respectively. With the introduction of the new formula, there is still much room for integration in the infant and powdering industry; adult powder is targeted at reaching out to “nutrition plus” with the target population. 3) Cold drinks are growing at a much faster rate than average in the industry.
The primary milk cost is improved, and the cost of spending is optimized. 1 - 33.2% of the total Māori in the first half of the year, down 0.2% from the same year, and the cost-use efficiency is improved. The management costs rate, R&D costs, and financial costs are 4%, respectively.
In order to increase efficiency, companies will gradually become more profitable. 2. Corporations will take advantage of scarce livestock resources in a strategic cooperative manner, with a high-quality milk source layout.
To make cow farming more efficient. 3. The company ' s 2023 shareholding scheme will provide incentives for middle- and senior-level managers and industrial and technical cadres, draw an annual share-holding incentive in 2024-2033, and obtain shares through secondary city court purchases or other means, thereby improving the company ' s long-term incentive system and increasing employee motivation.
It's clear that milk powder, cold drinks, bright eyes, Ilye shares (600887), that Oyu has a low profit level, and that the milk industry has a leading advantage (2022-09-01).
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.