Towards Health, Towards the Future — The Daily Chronicle of Investors 2023: We attended the company's Investor Day 2023 on Friday, and the company's executives attended all the time.
In addition, key brand leaders are invited to communicate with investors in depth, in terms of strategic objectives, product categories, and specific brands. In terms of objectives and drivers, companies are persistent.
In the medium-to-long term, the Division remains convinced of the third and third global milk-first global dairy goals in 2025. The driving force is that companies are driven by comprehensive innovation, multi-grade balanced layouts, and brand management.
In branding, companies invest in cost efficiency. At the end of branding, on the one hand, the public, and the public, on the other.
The Department insists on long-term investment, leading consumers to buy and take advantage of their minds; on the other hand, companies also spend every penny to improve cost-effectiveness by capturing the trend of media channels to integrate, using digital means and capture rim marketing.
In terms of product properties, liquid milk is needed and healthy, and the difference between education and per capita consumption of the epidemic and overseas shows a huge development space for liquid milk. On the one hand, high-end white milk.
On the other hand, the demand for a breakdown of functions is beginning to emerge, and companies are organizing themselves under multiple brands to meet consumer demand. Specifically, the gold medallion has a hot track, with a mixed growth rate of 12.2% over the last three years.
Protein organic milk, with a unique patent technology that raises the milk-team-protein retention rate from 10% to 90%, meets consumer demand for immunity. Anmush, the first brand of Chinese yogurt, has a 66% city share, and has a zero-cane sugar-and-a-mumush yogurt and a first-time hot-active fungus yogurt, with a focus on health.
Infant powdering takes advantage of high-end and national production opportunities, and adult powders focus on the health of older persons.
On the product side, the company takes advantage of the high-end opportunities by introducing more "Ely shares: the king's glory, the stability of high-end treasures and treasures." On the brand, the company is shaking.
On February 15, 2022, the press, such as Fast Hands and Little Red Books, became more accurate in reaching consumers.
For its part, companies use digital systems to increase their performance. For its part, adult powders have been the first market for eight years, with 35% of the city, up by more than 20%, and twice as fast as the industry.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In terms of products, the company has continued to show new ideas, and in the last three years the Quirotz brand has contributed more than 20% to the sale of new items. In terms of marketing, the company has actively sought out marketing directions, including marketing linked to young people’s interest circles and the marketing of 20-week talkmakers associated with Quirotz’s history. In terms of product innovation,
With brand marketing and digitalization, Cylonz is expected to become the next 10 billion. Cheese: long-term growth space, b-side performance is strong. From the c end, the industry is facing high pressure. Company c is growing faster than industry, and looks at the cheese-side opportunities at the table. From the b-end,
The company’s catering and baking-related business is showing good performance, and Massou’s products have doubled, and products such as frozen cream will be introduced. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: low layout, recovery.
Sue is relatively slow, but we believe that the direction and trend remain the same. At the cost side, the price of milk continues to fall, providing room for higher profitability in the industry. Given the context of the weak recovery of the industry this year, we have slightly revised the revenue projections for this year, but we believe that the company is still on track to meet the profit margin target.
The coupons form food and beverages teams, whose members are trained by senior industrialists and leading students. Zhang Wai-hyun, Wuhan University of Technology, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by the white wine industry, 13 years in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shende wine industry.
In mid- and low-end prices, there are practical exercises, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white industry, especially the analysis of sub-high-end competition patterns. Tang Jing, Bachelor of Arts, Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of fast-discharge industry experience, 10 years of first-line sales experience, right.
Lou Qingfeng, Master, graduate from the Central University of Finance and Finance, two years of food and beverage research, and two years of bond research. Covers pre-processed foods (in-depth research on well foods, a thousand cooks, high-quality foods), and spices (in-depth study on Angel yeast).
I'm familiar with the seafood industry, the millet food industry, the seafood industry, the seafood industry, the seafood industry, Qinghai International. Zhao Ray, Master of Food Scientific Research, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States of America, followed by two years of research and development and operation at Sapto, a big dairy company, and one year of food and beverage research experience. Covering dairy products (in-depth research of the Ili Unit).
The master's degree in finance, graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, has two years of experience in food and drink research.
In the morning of Zhao Dan, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Wang Xinjin, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering the beer industry (deeply studying Chinese beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), water and beverages (deeply studying farmers' springs).
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.