The company's evaluation report, the beverage milk, the Ily shares, 600887 - the semi-annual review of 2023.
Events: On August 28, the company released its semi-annual report for 2023, which achieved income of $26.2 billion for 23h1 Liu Qin Xinjiang, with a weak recovery and a lower milk cycle, and a slow recovery of the overall campaign.
At the income end, positive growth has been achieved, but the acceleration of the growth ring ratio is expected to be due mainly to: 1) slower demand improvement at the macro level, especially for high-end white milk, yoghurt, etc.; 2) lower numbers of newborns, resulting in weak infant powdering performance: 3) the company ' s former dominance of the large ka and supermarket channels
In the context of the downside of the price of original milk, some local brands have increased their promotion and sales have had an impact on sales. Sub-products, 23q2 liquid milk, earn $20,680 million (0.5%), of which the weak performance of milk powder is mainly due to the decline in the number of newborns and the impact of infant powdering, but adult milk powdering.
Still growing better. Subregionally, 2302 million yuan won (3 per cent) in North China, 87.44 billion yuan (1 per cent) in South China and 870 million yuan (15.6 per cent) in direct business. 32.7 per cent in late 23q2 distributors, compared to 0.1 pcts, although the lower original milk prices reduced some of the cost pressures, reflecting the fact that
To increase the Māori rate for liquid milk, but the pressure of powdering, spring mismatches, and adult milk consumption ratios are a drag on the overall Māori rate. The cost of selling: 23q2 is 18%, compared to 0.5 pcts, mainly as a result of the same level of corporate milk promotion, with no strong price battles, on the one hand, and the company, on the other.
The relative depth of 300 performance is largely attributable to the positive cost-efficiency gains of the company. The net interest rate of the parent: 8.2% for 23q2, which is lower than the same base of warming demand, is expected to improve the performance of 23h2. In the short run, income is expected to improve on a seasonal basis.
The end-side is expected to improve, taking into account, inter alia, the relatively low base of 2203 and the fact that the mid-autumn, national festivals, the need for gifts or some warmth, while the company will pull through sporting events such as the Asian Games, the male basket World Cup, end sales; and the profit end, taking into account the lower cost pressure of original milk, package materials, while the company maintains it.
Relatively prudent marketing, proactive cost-efficiency, and elasticity at the profit end are expected. Achieving better growth, coupled with a firm’s active deployment of fresh milk outlets, the introduction of new products such as cheese and snacks, is expected to contribute to new growth points.
[Galaxy Eating] The Elysian shares report three quarters of 2022: control and cost disturbance, short-term performance pressure bottom of the year's history, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Liu Guangmi: Master of Economics, in 2020, the Institute of Human Security, in 2022, the Institute of Galaxy Securities, with a focus on non-alcoholic plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, etc.) and special skills in deepening the value of investment in the industry through historical reprogramming and comparison with overseas perspectives. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner, with a clear and accurate view of my research.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.