Iri shares (600887/ch) 100 per cent increase in fresh milk and 26 per cent increase in ice cream, which became a bright spot in a weak environment The first half of the year was slightly lower than expected: Ili ' s sales/net profits in the first half of the second half of 2023 were equal to those of the second half of the year.
1/5%). Due to the negative impact of currency exchange fluctuations in the first quarter and the rising income contribution of low-profit adult formula powder, the core Māori ratio fell by 34 basis points in the first half of the year (60 basis points in the first quarter and equal in the second quarter), but was offset by a decline of about 5% in the original milk price.
14 basis points down. Liquefied milk/milk powder/ice cream/other products (e.g. bottled water) are sold in liquid milk (65 per cent of sales): fresh milk rises by 100 per cent on a year-on-year basis, white milk recovers by two quarters positive growth, pyrolytic milk wear: liquid milk recovers by two quarters (first half of 2023)
In 6% of cases, the flagship brand gold medals grew faster, and the cool business (milk, yogurt) performed well, with gold-flavored milk doubling the same time. But the usual warm milk and milk beverages are weaker. Despite the oversupply of original milk, Eli believes that the retail pricing environment is more rational, helping to raise the Māori ratio by 10 basis points to 10 basis points.
Milk powder (21% of sales): gain a share in the difficult market environment, which will improve in the second half of 23: Ili milk powder/other business sales will increase by 12% on a year-on-year basis. If Oyo is not counted, Ili's infant formula will continue to grow by 2% on a year-on-year basis, during the transition period for the new country bid in the first half of the year.
The market share grew by 2 percentage points when the market fell by 14 per cent. But starting in August, the situation might improve as old registered products were phased out (in response to the crane view). Eli is introducing new products, including upgrading milk sources (a2) for precious products (e.g., booms).
Milk) to improve their competitiveness in super-high-end markets. 2023 Management Directions: Downward sales growth, 30 basis points to sustain net profit expansion: Luang, cfa, cesga
7%. The company reiterates the guidelines for the growth of net profit rates at 30 basis points, and expects that gross interest rates will remain stable in the second half of the year, but sales and management costs will decrease. They will reduce their earnings by 1% per share, but Eli will use new and emerging products like milk, ice cream, and their dairy products.
Iri shares (600887/ch) Ili shares (600887/ch) Ili shares (600887/ch)
Iri shares (600887/ch) Ili shares (600887/ch)
On the 10th floor of Man Yee Building, 68th in Hong Kong.