The Ely Stock Exchange's assessment report, 01st of September 2023, was wide and long-term in value.
In mid-2023, Eli reported a steady milk and a steady increase in the market value of cold and other products in circulation (millions of dollars):
1) The growth of liquid milk in q2 and the increase in cold drinks and other products. 23q2, the company ' s liquid milk/milk powder 2), q2, the south and north of China are leading the growth rate. 23q2, the company ' s north/south China/south China/south China/east China/the rest of the country 3), has continued to tighten down market access, raising market penetration rates, and the number of distributors has continued to grow.
23q2, the number of company distributors was 20,689, an increase of 1,028 compared to the end of 23q1. 1) net interest rate of q2 remained stable. 23h1, the net interest rate/total income of the company was 2 respectively, with a slight optimization of the cost during the period. 23h1, the company sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates, respectively.
The medium-term strategy of 2023 for the food and beverages industry, research in the bond industry, is solid, and the dairy products, channels, and channels are stable. 23h1, the company’s liquid milk retail market is the first market with a steady market segment.
The volume of organic pure milk retailing in gold is increasing by the same number; the market for infant powder retail is about 13.6 per cent; the market for milk powder is about 23.8 per cent for adults and is the first in a stable segment of the market; the market is about 17.2 per cent for cheese lines for end consumption; the market is about 17.2 per cent for retail sales and +1.5 ptt; and the market share for cold drinks is the first in the market.
2) Companies continue to promote new products and create endogenous growth dynamics. 23h1, the company ' s revenue of new products exceeds 15%, and the new products become important growth dynamics of the company. 3) Companies accelerate the deployment of large healthy industries, insight into the need for disaggregated functions, and expand the space for growth.
Development of organic, a2 and other healthy functional dairy products to meet consumer demand for dairy upgrades; insight into year-to-year, age-by-year consumer breakdown needs, leading the roll-out of global first-lead controlled sugar milk, first-lead low-gi formula powdered milk powder.
23h1, corporate organic milk, milk, and plant-based healthy nutrients are growing well. 4) Based on global supply chains, they actively exploit overseas markets. 23h1, the company’s overseas earnings grew by 19.9 per cent over the same period.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.