Erie shares (600887.sh)
The announcement h1 achieved gross operating income of $66.2 billion, an increase of 4.3 per cent, net profit of 6.3 billion, an increase of 2.8 per cent, net profit of $5.8 billion, a decrease of 1.6 per cent, and net profit of $32.76 billion, an increase of 1.1 per cent, net profit of $2.69 billion, an increase of 2.9 per cent, net profit of $2.48 billion.
Due to a weak recovery in dairy demand, h1 companies are under pressure. Liquid milk earned 42.42 billion in the first half of the year, a decrease of 1.1 per cent in the same year; milk powder and dairy operations earned 13.25 billion, a 12 per cent increase in the same year (including 2 months of difference in base period); cold drink earned $9.16 billion, a decrease in the same year
A 25.5 per cent increase, with rapid growth on a high base, reflects the company's leading advantage in the cold-drinking business; Other products achieved revenue of $320 million, a 55 per cent increase in the same year. In a single quarter, the demand for 2q liquid milk was $2 billion, a decrease of 8.9 per cent in the same year, mainly due to a decline in the birth rate and the presence of formula registration.
Qing, competition in the infant powder market has increased, companies have taken the initiative to control the digestion of stocks; cold drinks have generated revenues of 53.60 million, an increase of 19.2 per cent over the same period; and other products have earned revenues of 180 million, an increase of 45 per cent over the same period.
Interest rates fell from 2.73 ppts to 40.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of relatively low growth in Maori adult milk powder and a slight increase in cost; the rate of Māori in cold drinks fell by 0.61 ppts on a year-on-year basis
In terms of costs, the cost of H1 is more efficient, with combined rates falling by 0.4 ppts to 21.9 per cent over the same period, mainly because sales costs are more accurate, sales costs are down 0.8 ppts over the same period, and are affected by increased interest expenditures, and financial costs are up 0.1 ppts over the same period.
The decline from 0.9 ppts to 22.2% is mainly due to a fall in sales and management costs, respectively. Over the years, companies have been pushing ahead with the deployment of large healthy industries to meet the needs of market consumers.
A steady push for overseas market expansion (19.9 per cent over the reporting period), solid progress on the path to a long-term vision, and increasing competitive power and a long-term positive trend. Although milk consumption was not sufficiently motivated in the first half of the year, demand for high-quality milk was broken down into categories.
Keeping up the growth, the current cost pressures are moderate, and the demand for h2 dairy products is expected to recover steadily, running chinaresearchdept. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.