Sinot steel (000708), industrial competition, fine management of reconstructed value
For the emerging equipment manufacturing industry, high-quality trials are growing. Companies downstream are based on the manufacturing industries of automobiles, machinery, etc., while new industries like energy, aerospace, etc. are an important complement to the market.
With a sharp drop in demand for steel, the company managed to open up the wind-power bearing market and achieve a year-round reversal of production, which covered a 10% increase in the production of special steel products of a variety and product categories. The actual consumption of special steel was estimated at 5,000-60 million tons.
Bases. Special steels, such as bearing steel, model steel, high-temperature gold, are produced primarily to cars, oil, machines, and, if we can successfully cross the middle-income trap, the country's special steel market has more than one times the growth space.
The competitive patterns of the industries such as the armoury, aerospace, new energy, etc., have become more pronounced. Our specialty steel industry is now at a concentration of production capacity, and important matters for the next three to six months point out:
In the process of upgrading, leading firms, represented by Sino-Sintell steel, are increasing their market share through merger restructuring. In 2019, the share of company production in total production of priority premium steel companies rose to nearly 20%. As a leader with a high market share, companies will gain stronger bargaining power and a more stable sales premium, while at the same time they will receive a higher sales premium.
With brand and channel advantages, the business performance of restructuring units can be improved quickly. Consumption structures are high, and profitability is steadily increasing.
The demand for steel has increased. Companies have always maintained high R & D inputs, with a wealth of medium- and high-end products and a steady increase in profitability. High-end supply has also enhanced the international competitiveness of companies, with a steady increase in the volume of products exported.
Synergy and precipitation effect is realized, and the restoration value is carefully managed. Acquisition units like Qingdao and Qingjiangte have played an important role in the growth of the company’s performance.
It's perfect. Thanks to operational synergies, fine drops, and scalding developments, the company's overall Māori ratio has risen by 1 percentage point, against a background of a decline of nearly 10% in steel sales in 2019 and a 30% increase in iron ore prices.
The business cycle or the new crown epidemic has shown a steady profitability. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect the company to achieve business income in 2020-2022, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Sinot Steel (000708). Industry competitive pattern, fine management of reshaping value 1. Quality track growth, 1.1 pairing of quality track, counter-optimal market expansion for the emerging equipment manufacturing industry.
Sino-Sinte steel is a 13 million tons-capable specialty steel manufacturing enterprise based downstream on traditional industries such as automobiles, machinery, and new equipment manufacturing such as energy, aviation, space, and military-industrial. The current domestic and foreign consumption of automobiles, engineering and machinery is slowing at an accelerated rate, and the emerging industries that are growing at a high rate are an important complement to the special steel market. Companies are actively targeting emerging industries, and downstream markets are expanding in reverse position.
The largest share of demand for special steel is currently in the automobile industry, at about 40%; followed by machinery, energy, aerospace, orbital traffic, etc.. Large smelt steel in 2018 accounted for 28.5%, 17.9%, and 12.5% respectively in the boiler and machinery manufacturing, automobile and rail bearing industries; and one listed company.
The market is relatively fragmented and stable compared to the market for special steel products, which have a large number of plates and are produced in small quantities and multi-species, and which, according to statistics, are close to 2,000 plate numbers and about 50,000 variety specifications.
Figure 2: A steady increase in sales of pedals in Sino-Turkish steel, Figure 4: Special steel applications in new fields such as wind power, Figure 3: Cumulative installed capacity of global wind power
1.2 Depending on the high-end manufacturing industry, the market is growing in a large amount of space, and the real consumption of our steel is low, and there is one-fold growth in our market after the middle-income trap. The actual annual consumption of our steel is measured.
In the post-urbanization period, the upgrading of manufacturing and the release of engineers’ dividends will strengthen the competitiveness and penetration of our manufacturing industry. If the country is able to successfully cross the middle-income trap, the special steel market, which is dependent on cars and high-end equipment, is very dynamic.
Car-type sales measured the consumption of approximately 42 million tons of steel in cars in the year, and car-specific steel demand was estimated at 25.2 million tons. Reference is made to Japan ' s development scale of around 10,000 tons. In 2018, our special quality steel industry produced 34.21 million tons of steel, extrapolating the actual output by 60-70 per cent of the total caliber of member enterprises to 48-57 million tons, which is close to the extrapolation.
In 2018, Japan produced 26.2 million tons of steel, of which 6.13 million tons were exported directly. Based on the share of Japanese automobile exports in total production, we assumed that the indirect export of steel accounted for 50% of domestic consumption in Japan and 80 kg/year of actual per capita consumption of steel after excluding direct and indirect exports.
With the size of the US, Japan’s automobile market in proportion to national income, the growth of revenue in the latter regions will lead to a steady expansion of the car market. If the US and Japan sell 18 million cars annually, the peak of 6 million cars and the equivalent of 330 million, 120 million people, China’s future car sales will be in the future.
The peak target will be 60 million vehicles, with the steel market growing nearly 1.5 times. Given the drop in the special steel volume of a pure electric car, there is still one times as much room for cars to grow with a 30% penetration ratio.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Sintex Steel (000708).
Figure 9: Japanese automobile production nearly doubled between 1975 and 1985
We are in the process of increasing the concentration of production in the special steel sector, and the competitive pattern in the sector is superior. The leading enterprises represented by the medium-strategy steel are now taking part in the merger process.
On the one hand, as the leading company with a high rate of market ownership, the company will be given a stronger bargaining power and a more stable sales premium: on the other hand, the company will quickly improve the performance of the reorganization unit by virtue of branding advantages and channel advantages. The Sino-Sinte steel has acquired companies like Qingdao, Jiangang, etc. In 2019, the company’s output accounted for the national priority steel company’s excellent steel production.
Up to nearly 20%, well above the 5% share of the Pinocchio steel. After the sand and steel group reconfigured, it has sand and steel shares under it, and two major companies with special steel as their core product, with low product series, medium-end, high-end steel.
One, with high-end bearing steel exceeding 600,000 tons and high-standard bearing steel sales accounting for more than 80% of the country’s total sales. The company’s sales price in the axis bearing steel market is over $700–1200 per ton over the industry average for a long time.
2.2 Higher-middle-end supply ratio, higher profitability, and the country’s past low-end steel consumption structure, technical barriers to products and low profitability. In recent years, the demand for intermediate-end high-end steel, such as bearing steel, spring steel, tool steel, etc., has increased with the upgrading of manufacturing.
In addition, the upgrading of the supply capacity at the mid- and high-end has increased the company’s international competitiveness, with the production of special steel, which used to be dominated by structural steel, and the optimal scope of the product structure. In 2018, the country produced 4,062 tons of special-quality steel and stainless steel, of which the structural steel (including gear steel), bearing steel, spring steel, tool steel, stainless steel and special alloys.
Not to mention 65.23%, 9.29%, 7.1%, 2.70%, 15.57% and 0.11%. In 2018, Japan accounted for 46.7, 2.2% and 51.1% respectively of structural steel, tool steel and special-purpose steel (with bearing steel, spring steel, stainless steel, high-resistance steel, etc.), while midyear ' s cost of ton steel research and development was over $214, higher than the cost of research and development of 150 yuan/tons of steel in the first-ranked steel.
In 2019, the company made ground-breaking progress in key core materials such as qualification certification, high-end customer development, and import substitution.
Figure 20: Sino-Sinte steel product exports steadily increasing 3. Synergy and precipitation effect realization, fine management to restore competitiveness
3.1 Synergy has been achieved, and the profitability of Qingjia Tetsu has continued to improve, and in the performance growth of Qinjita steel from 2018 to 2019, the acquisition units of Qingjiang and Qingjiangte have played an important role. In particular, since the acquisition, Qingjio Tetsu has achieved not only a loss but also a growing profitability, which is now close to growing.
Qingjima has contributed nearly $400 million to the net profit. Qingdao Base: 1 million tons of capacity has been renewed, and there is still room for a ton of steel profits to rise. 3 million tons of annual crude steel production. In 2016, the loss amounted to $3.616 billion.
The profit is now $200 per ton in 2018 and $334 per ton in 2019. On the basis of the company’s annual disclosure data, the Ministry’s net profit on steel was converted to $566 per ton in 2019, compared with the profitability of the Qingdao base. In 2020, the company intends to launch a continuation of the Qingdao special steel removal project. The project produces 500,000 tons of line steel, 500,000 tons of welds, and so on.
130,000 tons of steel, a total annual production of 1.13 million tons of materials, are expected to be produced in the second half of 2021, and new smelter bases: high-quality model steel lines are now in operation. The high-quality model steel production line project is expected to be operational in May 2020, allowing for the production of 30,000 tons of extra-metallurgical products in the current year, mainly aerospace, naval vessels, petrochemicals, turbines, mechanical manufacturing, etc.
High temperature/erobic alloys, special stainless steel and high-end model steel for new energy, etc.., expected production is 14% after delivery (after tax).
End-product R & D is at the heart of the growth of future steel pipelines. 3.2 drops in Eastern financial booms have been remarkable, with a steady rise in the M & A rate of core products.
In mid-2019, the net profit on Sintet steel (as a result of the company ' s acquisition of part of the equity in 2019, the non-mononal caliber used here) increased by 22.5% over the same period, partly as a result of a 10% increase in production and sales, and more significantly as a result of the increase in efficiency gains against the Māori rate. In the context of a fall in the price of ton steel and a 30% increase in the price of iron ore on a year-on-year basis, Sino-Kin.
The combined Māori rate for special steel rose by 1 percentage point. 2019 was the “reduce efficiency year” for medium-strategy steel, and the cost of the main business was reduced by 1.49 per cent over the reporting period in relation to the same year in the context of the increase in sales and the sharp increase in iron ore prices. The Māori rate for alloy steel lines and special steel plates in the main product increased by 5.87 and 2.33 percentage points respectively in 2019.
In 2019, the company’s ton of steel raw materials and fuel power costs fell by 15.1%, 15.0%, and the ton of steel depreciation by 10.0%. In this case, the cost of depreciation amortization was reduced by a scale effect, while the cost of the original fuel was reduced by the fine management of the public administration, with multiple processes for the purchase of raw materials such as iron ore, coke, matching, and energy consumption control.
By contrast with high-end firms with the leading cost-control capabilities, the public still has scope for cost reduction in many ways, such as raw materials, fuel power, labour, and time costs. As can be seen from the path of global industrial transfer, competition in manufacturing is ultimately about the cost of producing the product, and fine drops will create the firm’s most hard core competitiveness.
The East's source of financial and intellectual excellence 3.3 Fine management increases countercyclicality, based on the company's product advantage, managerial advantage and channel advantage, and allows the company to do as much as possible in the face of cyclical fluctuations in the industry.
For example, in the first quarter of 2020, when the epidemic affected companies achieved 17.2 billion yuan in operating income, a 2.7 per cent decline in the same year; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies was 1.29 billion yuan, an 3.8 per cent increase in the same year; with the outbreak under control, there was a recovery, both domestic and foreign, as the Put co-line created a connection between the prices of Pute steel and the special steel, but the company’s fine-tuning management was able to reduce performance volatility considerably.
Smelting bases, for example, stabilized between 10 and 13 per cent between 2014 and 2018. On the one hand, the company’s product structure was high-end, with weak price volatility, and on the other hand, the company’s management capacity. The direct supply ratio in the company’s product distribution channels is now 80 per cent, while better cost controls guarantee stability of the Māori rate.
In January-February, according to company feedback, production of major products increased by the same year, with a significant increase in January-March. In 2020, the company continued to promote efficiency gains, and in one quarter, the cost of a strict control period fell by nearly 340 million compared to 2019. The cost of management, R & D and finance fell by 122 million, respectively, the same year.
4. Profit forecasting and investment ratings depend on high-end equipment manufacturing, with the special steel sector as a growing segment. The actual consumption of the special steel per capita is currently only 40 kg/year.
There is at least twice as much room for market growth as there is at 80 kg/year of consumption per capita in the major manufacturing countries. Companies, as pioneers in the steel industry, are the source of financial booms in the East, the price risk of raw materials: 2, macroeconomic risk: 3, and business risk.
East Timor's financial and intellectual sources, East Hing Securities In-depth Report, Sintex Steel (000708), which has a better pattern of competition in the industry and a more sophisticated management of the reshaping of values.
The source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of East wealth, the source of East wealth, the source of East wealth, the source of Central Sintet Steel (000708); the pattern of competition in the industry is superior, and finely managed to reshape value.
Rhodes, cfa, has three years of experience in the chemical industry. A number of international leading academic journals, with five national and international patents, international top crystals, second and first in the public list in 2017, crystal ball in 2018, new analysis in 2019.
First three A's second place in the Eastern Wealth Chemical Industry.
Doctor of Engineering, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, 2015-2018, product development and research in bottling steel, in-depth understanding and research on the products, technologies and production of the steel industry, May 2018, ACS.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.