We're building auto parts in a joint venture with Fogia, opening up the supply chain, and it's an important step.
▪ Events: On November 1, the company announced its intention to finance RMB 228 million in co-financing with the Fugia (China) Investment Company Ltd. to establish the Shenzhen Fugia Motor Parts Limited, which accounts for 30% of the registered capital, and Fukugi, which contributes RMB 532 million in cash, which represents 70% of the registered capital.
The sub-car will be dedicated to the development, production, assembly, sale and delivery of spare parts for the products and products of the car that cover the whole of the car, the seatbone, the blistering of the seat, the face set of the seat, and the provision of after-sale services and technical advisory development services.
The company’s strategy has also shifted to market in recent years, with the first step being the purchase of spare parts.
On-site, the second step is to market power cell sales. The creation of a joint venture with Fogia (China) to produce spare parts, such as seats, is a representative step.
The rapid growth of new energy vehicles, the leading role of the industry in the four major business areas of technological systems, car interiors and ornaments, company cooperation with Fogia, and the opening up of spare parts such as seats will help companies to improve the quality of spare parts and reduce their output.
In addition, with regard to the capitalization of the battery business, the company is currently actively seeking cooperation with other bus factories.
3. The opening of the power cell business is significant because new energy vehicles are high and boosted by their own mode of disinfection, with limited growth and market shares starting to shrink, making it difficult to reap the dividends of the rapid development of new energy vehicles.
The annual new energy component requires 10%, 12%, combined for two years, and for firms with a negative energy build-up, an extra credit is required for the purchase of new energy credits. Also last week, the fuel consumption policy for 2016 and 2017 went down, and the fuel consumption was tested two years in advance.
According to market research, the price of a new energy component is expected to be around 3,000 in the future, while the public sector produces more than 80,000 vehicles, and the company ' s new energy component is worth 200,000 shares, so that trading in a new energy component can add significantly to the company ' s performance.
Short-term pressure on three quarters’ performance, looking at four quarters and next year’s growth. The company collected 73.93 billion dollars in the first three quarters, an increase of 156% from the previous quarter, and realized a net return of 2.79 billion dollars from the previous quarter, which was the result of increased costs.
The pool price fell more than expected; the price of raw materials rose more than anticipated.