In the third quarter of 2017, the company released its third quarter report, which achieved 73,932 million dollars in operating income, a decline in net profits compared to the return to the parent company and an improvement in investment returns.
Other current liabilities increased by 120,77 per cent over the previous period, mainly due to the increase in the current period in the number of joint-venture companies and the recognition of deferred income resulting from the fact that the corresponding offset share of unrealized gains exceeded the book value of long-term equity investments; and this year ' s financial cost of $1,627 million, representing an increase of 64.34 per cent over the previous period, due to interest expenditure
As a result of the impact of increases and exchange rate changes, investment returns decreased by $120 million from the beginning of the year to the end of the present report, and net cash flows from battalion activities amounted to $696 million, representing an increase of 124.60 per cent over the previous period, mainly due to a decrease in cash from buyers and recipients of labour payments.
The impact of the fall of the cost advantage buffer subsidy, the market performance of the new vehicle model, and with the continued implementation of the local subsidy policy and the implementation of the two-point system, as well as the successive launch of the new energy vehicle promotion catalogue, in the third quarter of the year, the sales of new energy vehicles in Biadei were phased out and new energy was introduced during the reporting period.
The source car sales went out of 30,000, equivalent to the sum of the first half of the year. Despite the pressure on new energy cars on the market, Biadi has a greater cost advantage, relying on promotion, and a good sales performance. Biadi is gradually reducing its dependence on policy development, and we look forward to the fourth quarter of the year.
In September, Biadi released Songmax for $7.9 million to $1.19 million, and it is hoped that it will lead to overall sales of suv in the fourth quarter of the year. In addition, the models Songdm, Tang, and others continue to be sold. As of September, in the hybrid car market, Biady Qin, Tang, Song
On 1 September, the company officially moved and delivered to operation the cloud track project in Sinakawa, which was built about 6 km long.
The construction period is only 130 days, costing only one fifth of the cost of the subway, a third of the subway, which is suitable for large cities’ feeder lines and for the backbone of small and medium-sized cities. It is expected that the traffic will be completed by the end of the year.
The construction of cloud tracks in various parts of the country has been completed, and it is expected that the group cloud track operation will generate significant revenues and benefits in the fourth quarter. Biadi states that the cloud track business will be the focus of the company’s future business development, that the country’s cities and cities will be at a peak and that the company is expected to build new business growth points in the future.
The track has also performed well in overseas markets, and Biadi has signed cooperation agreements with the cities of Iloilo, Philippines, and Alexandria, Egypt, during the three-quarters period, which will complete the construction of a single track overseas.
With regard to cellular components and assembly operations, the metal component business continues to develop well, contributing to the group ' s profits. In battery business, Biadi states that now all company-owned phev is using triple batteries, and future company planning may continue to use phosphate iron, except in the area of public transport.
In addition to lithium batteries, all new models use triple batteries. At present, Biadet power cells are sold out using surplus production while meeting internal needs. On the seventh batch of new energy vehicle recommendations issued by the Ministry of Trade and Finance, the Beijing Wallint Packing Company Co. Ltd. is listed on the Biade Power Battery, to some extent.
Biadi's average car prices have been rising year by year, moving towards a higher-end product market. This is because Biadi has been moving towards a higher-end market for nearly five years. Biadi has been a national leader in new energy cars and has been associated with Dymler for a long time.
Hand-drawn new electric vehicles and launched new brands of traditional cars together. Biadi's technology was also very bright, with the first dm double-mixing technology, remote driving, full-time four-drive, two-way reverse charging, etc. that enabled Biadi to take on leadership positions in the new energy car industry, such as the main-caring model Biadidon.
Powerful and efficient energy efficiency, and battery retention technology are also leading internationally. The overall slowdown in the automobile market has led to less than expected expansion of new vehicles.
The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks to be independent, objective and impartial, with no third party's recommendations or conclusions, or any other party's recommendations.