On 29 March 2019, the Chinese company published its annual 2018 report, which enabled the company to start a business during the reporting period at www.crrcgc.cc.
China’s China Motors Corporation’s cash dividend in Chinese currency (including taxes). Core business grew faster and net gains decreased significantly.
The company's railway equipment, urban rail and urban infrastructure, new industries and modern services generate $26,139 million in motor vehicle operations, $7,430 million in bus operations, $66,726 million in motor vehicle operations and $20,276 million in truck operations.
The growth in operating income of the Division's core operations, railway equipment operations, was significant, mainly due to the increase in revenue from the start-up fleet. Overall, the net profit from the return of the company in the third quarter of 2018 increased in relation to the same year.
10.61 per cent of the company ' s total operating income recovered throughout the year, but the net gain of 4.76 per cent was significantly higher. The Māori rate declined and R & D investment continued to rise 0.63 percentage points, mainly due to the transfer of new energy automobiles and corporate product-type structures.
As a result of the change. The company continues to adjust its modern service business structure, with an increase of 2.30 percentage points in the current period. In 2018, the company invested $11,179 million in research and development, accounting for business income _aaa_China’s Chinese vehicle (601766) depth report.
Seven countries with advanced orbital priorities, such as Song Gangpo, energy-efficient transport towed power supply and key technology transfer, dedicated to completing Kyotsu's smart motor vehicle model, successfully developed the first full carbon fibre compound in the world.
New products such as the materials subway body, a fast-magnetic train at a speed of 160 km per hour, and deep-sea robots, the country’s largest horsepower, have continued to increase the capacity of medium-sized vehicles to innovate.
In 2018, 32.975 billion yuan was earned from the company's railway repair and conversion operations, representing 21.6 per cent of the revenue from railway and subway operations.
Newly generated revenue of $47,177 million, resulting in an assumed income of $19,549 million, representing 29.3 per cent of the income of the fleet business and 59.3 per cent of the income of the repair and transformation business, which provides strong support for the company ' s performance and will continue to move in the future as the country moves forward.
The fleet is gradually entering a period of peak maintenance, and the overhauling of the retrofit business will be added to the company's performance, taking advantage of opportunities such as “carrying iron” and “swipes” to ensure a steady increase in its performance.
With regard to railway equipment operations, growth in global orbital traffic capacity is expected to be slow in the coming years, with cagr accounting for about 2.2 per cent; on the domestic front, companies will seize the opportunities of “carriage”, three-year action plans for freight-increment, and “a-way” to continue to consolidate the industry and build on it.
In urban and urban infrastructure operations, the next few years will be the peak of subway traffic, and companies will seize the opportunity of new urbanization, accelerate the development of urban orbital vehicle products and technological innovation, and regulate the development of domestic and international urban orbital ppps and bot operations.
In modern service operations, companies will explore the Internet + services, accelerate the development of supply chain service platforms, develop intelligent logistics, expand supply chain trade, and advance the development of modern logistics service practices.
The transport sector is characterized by structural overcapacity and industrial restructuring. Companies will continue to optimize their orbital transport resource allocation through business restructuring and compressed capacity, maximizing the benefits of available resources and maximizing the benefits to companies.