With rapid growth in the first quarter, the industry is looking forward to a new triumphant career, with China’s medium (601766) reporting points in the first quarter of 2019, and a rapid increase in net profits from the first quarter of 2019.
Thirty-nine,670 million yuan, an increase of 20.5 per cent in the same year; a net return of 1.780 billion yuan, an increase of 0.06 dollars in the same year. The railway market gradually recovered in the first quarter, corporate rail equipment and urban rail revenues grew faster; the company signed a new contract of about $61.4 billion, of which international operations contracted.
The Māori rate has fallen slightly, the net interest rate has been rising, and the cost rate has continued to optimize over the period. In the first quarter, the Public Administration Māori rate was 22.1%, a 0.7 pct decrease in the year; the net interest rate was 5.1%, a 0.5 pct increase in the year; zhanghaojie@dgzq.com.cn
The rate of return on assets has been increasing, while the cost rate has continued to optimize over the period, and the overall profitability of the company has increased. The net cash flow of the company ' s operations during the quarter was $4.460 billion, an increase of $4.93 billion over the same period.
Railway equipment, urban track and urban infrastructure operations have increased significantly.
In the new industry, the income from the utility business grew faster.
Revenue from modern service operations declined significantly, mainly as a result of a reduction in logistics operations. Trucks, locomotive purchases peaked, and the railway equipment industry experienced a high performance during the period of major repairs. In 2018, the country’s rail cargo volume increased by 1.1 billion tons, or 30 per cent, compared to 2017.
Road fixed asset investments remain strong and large, with a new line of 6,800 km in operation. Trucks, locomotives, and locomotives are on their way to a peak procurement period.
Investment proposal: The company is the leading world-track equipment company, with a warmer industry, with a “market index” reference point of 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.