The business structure has been well-structured, maintaining a steady overall positive trend The company recently released its annual report for 2018, which achieved operating income of $219 billion, a steady increase in operating income, and a split of four major business portfolios.
Operating income of $219 billion, including 11.46 per cent growth in railway equipment operations, 3.52 per cent growth in urban track and urban infrastructure operations, 7.71 per cent decline in new industry operations, 8.84 per cent decline in modern services operations and four large sections of total income.
For hundreds of millions of dollars, truck operations earn $20.2 billion. Total stock/flow (millions of shares) in urban and urban infrastructure operations: 45,974 vans, 6,396 subways. New industries and modern services in 2018.
The decline in operating income is mainly due to the transfer of new energy vehicle operations and compressed logistics trade, which are expected to increase profitability as the intra-firm industrial restructuring is completed, increasing the capacity for innovation, focusing on new energy sources, new materials and a strong supply chain.
At the end of the year, we had 131,000 km of railway operations, still 40 billion orders from the 13th Five-Year Plan, a gap between the target of 150,000 km in 2018 and the $800 billion in 2019.
- 2018/12/27, 6,800 miles in production, and the iron master plan buys 100 billion yuan in vehicle equipment. Here, Chinese Car (601766), 3-quarterly performance card
In the context of a steady growth in the company's railway equipment operations in which the demand for start-up fleets is expected to increase in line with expectations, with increased performance as a result of the increased bidding process, the fleet repair contract was only $1.7 billion in 2017, while the fleet repair contract was significantly increased in 2018
In China, the semi-annual news fair (601766) has grown to $21 billion, and a new contract for the repair of the crew has been signed in the first quarter of 2019, amounting to $29.6 billion. The net profit has increased slightly faster than expected.
We can foresee a steady growth in the industry's fleet sales over the next two years as the 13th Five-Year Retrieval will be delivered, high-speed lines will be delivered as planned, and the profits will be high - 2018/08/24.
The start-up team will continue to grow rapidly, and the company’s performance in 19 and 20 years will be firm.
The scale effect is gradually emerging, and the Māori rate is expected to increase further. Continued investment in research and development, and innovation to guide companies in the future.
A total of $11.1 billion was invested, representing 5.10 per cent of operating income. A steady push for new orbital transport products, such as high-speed cars, high-powered motor vehicles, fast trucks, new-generation urban-track vehicles, critical systems.
And parts and components are being developed, 160 km of an hour magnetic suspended train, and the largest-power deep-sea machine in the country has been successfully developed, and high-tech, high-value-added smart manufacturing products will become new business cards for companies that expand markets both within and outside the country.
The business structure of the country's medium- and long-term railway development plans and the company's operations has been well-structured, maintaining a steady and positive overall trend.
Before entering the financial sector, there were eight years of industrial work experience, previous work in engineering machinery and automobiles, production techniques, markets, and strategies. The Institute, in April 2018, brought together Pacific securities to track industrial and corporate dynamics and look for expectations.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
He was employed at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in July 2017.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report