China’s performance has grown on schedule, with the railway building winds continuing to move forward, and China’s midway report, 2019, achieved revenue of $39,670 million in the current period, an increase of 20.5 per cent in the same year.
The net return to the mother was 1.78 billion yuan, an increase of 40.21 per cent over the previous year, and performance was on track to enter the growth path. The increase in the demand for equipment for the railway head office was mainly due to the upturn in the capital of the railway.
We believe that, over the next two years, with the expected addition of railway capital, fixed capital investment in railways is expected to increase, motor fleet demand is largely stable, and demand for other vehicles is expected to increase, with the recovery of the industry and the company ' s performance on schedule since the second half of 1819.
The main reasons for this are: 1) higher industry climate; 2) lower q1 performance base in 2018. The income is 39,670 million yuan, an increase of 20.5 per cent, and a net return of 1.708 billion yuan, an increase of 40.2 per cent.
The overall profitability is stable, benefiting from good control of the three-fee rate, and the company’s Māori rate is slightly lower, while the net profit rate is rising. The company’s q1 Māori rate was 22.07% in 2019, a decrease of 0.66 ptt compared to the same period; the net interest rate of vehicle equipment income is growing rapidly, contributing to the main elasticity of performance. The company’s operations are divided into four main panels.
Blocks: Railway equipment operations, urban track operations, new industries and modern service operations, respectively, realized income: 90 /57 / 1,500 %/18% higher than in the same year. In addition, group q1 sales amounted to $9.9 billion, 11% lower than in the same year.
The q1 railway maintenance market in 2019 generated revenues of around $5 billion, and is expected to grow rapidly throughout the year, owing to the relatively low level of revenue recognition due to seasonal factors. This is mainly due to the growth of market demand after the maintenance of motors, locomotives, and buses.
By the end of 2018, the fleet holdings had exceeded the 3,300 standard columns, of which the share paid on the line in 2013-2015 was around 40 per cent, and according to the six-year overhaul cycle, it would be concentrated in the next few years in the major maintenance phase, with a rapidly growing market expected to grow.
Corporate revenue and performance are expected to increase steadily in 2019. In 2019, the year of high-trail traffic, demand for the fleet is expected to rise steadily; in the context of the “public transit” the plan of action is expected to generate increased demand for locomotives and cargo vehicles; and there is a continuous increase in urban rail traffic, and the demand for subways is expected to increase.
According to a quarterly report in 2019, we had a small adjustment to the Māori rate of corporate products, which affected Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd., fixed capital investments in railways that were not as high as expected, and trade between China and the United States, which affected the expansion of overseas markets.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Yang Shao Fai