Three-quarterly review of 2025: better profit loops, better seen, faster release of carbonated silicon liners in size, better performance in the first three quarters of the luminous industry cycle, and better net profit loops in o3.
Inventory & Contract Liabilities have fallen year-on-year and cash flow has been negative. Corporate contracts have been negative up to the end of 2025q3.
Euro, the same ring ratio has shifted, mainly as a result of the reduction in cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services. The carbonated silicon line has been planned to produce a total of 900,000 units and the 12-inch line has opened up new applications. (1) The conductor type: currently 300,000 pieces of crystallized capacity, the company has built 600,000 new 8-inch capacity, followed by a total production capacity.
The company’s eight-inch edge is clear, and it is expected to benefit fully from the recent shift from 6 to 8 inches in domestic and international equipment manufacturers. (2) Semi-insulation: the company’s semi-insulated 12-inch bottom line has been wired, arglasses, cowoss.
New applications such as the inner layer open up space.
The Division provides a bulk supply of domestic head customers. (1) Large silicon: provides crystals, slices, grinding, polishing the whole silicon silicon line processing the test line, sic line-line solution. (2) Advanced envelopes: super-fast UV laser pitting equipment has been introduced in addition to thinners.
Bottom application opens the space for corporate growth (3) advanced process: 12 inches of silicon depressive growth equipment successfully sold out. (4) Carbonization. Silicon equipment: 6-8 inches of silicon carbide crystals developed, sliced equipment, thinner equipment, polished units developed
Preparation and exterior equipment, etc.; ion injection prototype decomposing phase; carbon silicon oxidizer/activator, optical volume: Crystal Gesture Power (300316): a new generation of British Wedda detection equipment has been delivered in bulk. (5) Semiconductor spare parts: subsidiaries' sophisticated focus key departments
gpu is expected to use carbonated silicon intermediate layers, sic liner manufacturing, special welding, precision assembly and semiconductor-level surface treatment, product coverage is extremely high, new bottom applications open the space for company growth.
The type of vacuum cavity, main axes, ceramic dishes, etc., have been supplied in bulk to domestic head equipment & fab end-users. To the company's multi-business, it is still growing, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.