q2 performed brightly, with a re-innovation of the industrial-controlled market share, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre grew by 14.5 per cent compared to 14.5 per cent; the ps was 0.75 dollars. In the second quarter of 2022, the revenue was $5.62 billion, a year-on-year increase.
The industrial and regulatory sector is characterized by a low pace of production, with the new energy boom driving companies to perform well. 2022h1, automation 3.9 per cent. 2022q2, the industrial and regulatory industry has experienced a 5 per cent decline in the size of the market for downstream oems, but batteries/industrial machinery 20 per cent of lithium voltage and advanced production 30 per cent) and this has led to a 26 per cent increase in industrial and regulatory operations in the first half of the year.
• Industrially controlled markets are re-innovated and the process of national production substitution is accelerating.plc: The company achieved 670 million revenues in the first half of the year, the second largest in the world (39% of Siemens). Currently, the company plc has moved heavily into high-end applications, with orders growing by more than 100% in the first half of the year, and the plc service has increased. Server systems: benefits from downstream silicon crystals,
In the first half of the year, the company achieved $2.320 billion, an increase of 21.9 per cent from the same year, and its market share increased from 16.3 per cent to 21.6 per cent, leading the second-largest West Gate share of 11.5 per cent. Low-pressure transformers: $1.92 billion, an increase of 24.6 per cent.
Under the circumstances, the company takes full advantage of its dominant position and takes advantage of alternative opportunities to national production, and the Matthews effect is highlighted. • The new energy automobile business continues to grow and the production capacity is gradually released. 2022h1, the company ' s new energy vehicle business is being delivered monthly and is expected to be fully operational by the end of the year; phase II was announced in April 2022, and the project was built.
For the next three years, the net return profit will remain at a compound rate of 25.4%. The company’s leadership has expanded, the process of national production substitution has accelerated, and many operations have begun, maintaining a “holding” rating.
1. Segawa technology (300124): The convergence of operations, the positive digitalization + the risk of double-carbon energy price increases: the risk of increased competition in the new energy car market leading to lower levels of profitability.
Segawa Technology (300124): The company has been operating well and has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
As far as the company and the author know, there are no laws or regulations with respect to securities evaluated or recommended in this report that require disclosure or restrictions or silence.
Read or focus on the content of this report as a client from the media. The company or associated institution may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek to provide investment banking or financial advisory services for these companies.
At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, observations, and assumptions contained in this report, and it does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.