Regularized equity + long-active incentives, helping the dragon to fly again Research Assistant Chee Cheol-dong  Events: 1) “Generalized” equity incentive scheme: the company issued a evening announcement on 25 July, to be announced at the end of the year.
The equity interests granted to the incentive audience (type I restricted stocks, category II restricted shares and stock options) together do not exceed 2.32 million shares, or 0.88 per cent of the total equity stock of the company.
▪ The announcement of the sixth phase of the equity incentive programme, which is not lost in size, with annual growth targets similar to those of the fifth phase, but with a longer period of unlocking, shows that companies are more committed to long-term development. 1) Category I restrictive equities: awards to 856 overseas executives and national core technical staff, with total mid- and senior-level incentives overseas
In terms of unlocking conditions, the performance test will require a second option: the net profit from the company's withholding of non-repatriation in 2022-25 is expected to be sustained in the elevator.
Substitution, which is growing faster at a high base over the same period. 40% of the new industries downstream of the SWIFT +, adding foreign capital to the impact of the Shanghai epidemic + higher prices and accelerating the replacement of national production, q2 order & receipt of SWIFT Technologies (300124): 2021
And in the first quarter of 2022, the general-purpose Māori rate ring improved. Looking forward, the industry is expected to start improving in the second half of the year, with orders rising, steady growth, and new-energy automobile operations.
In the second half of the year, silicon silicon, which is a high-growth, small pingg9 car, is a bright spot, with the traditional car confluence of the Great Wall, wide steam pressure, stacked with a sea outbreak that affects Bethett's operations, with a fall in income & profits or the same ratio. We report a review of the quarterly reports: Industrial control and new energy vehicles.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company's net return profit of $4.3 billion in 2022-24. Rapid business growth, cost and cost-bearing events: 1) Biennial “normalized” equity incentive scheme: equity interests to be awarded by the company to the incentive audience
The combined shares (class I restricted equities, type II restricted equities and stock options) do not exceed 2.32 million shares, accounting for the company rating: the announcement of phase VI equity incentive programmes, which are not lost in size, and the annual acceleration target is similar to phase V, but the longer period of unlocking indicates a greater corporate focus on long-term development.
The award was made to 848 middle-level managers, core technical/business cadres, etc.
Pre-encumbrances: 2.11 million shares reserved for equity (9.09% of total incentives). Completion, annual acceleration targets are similar to phase 5, but the length of the lockout period is longer, indicating that companies are more committed to long-term development.
According to smart industry data, the 22o2 industrial-controlled sector is still better than it is -1.5%, or oem. We expect that 2022q2’s industrial-controlled business last year’s high base will continue to grow by nearly 30%: In the case of foreign capital deficit + the Shanghai epidemic seriously affecting foreign capital, the company’s raw materials are relatively well stocked, and the process of substitution is accelerated.
The demand for lithium, photovoltaic, and other energy types is still strong, leading companies to perform well. Of these, plc, robots, continue to hold up more than 50%, and plc will take over the server as the next high-growth product; the servo and frequency increase is 30% + at the same rate. Looking ahead, in 2022, despite the return of markets to moderate growth of around 10%, advanced structural demand remains strong.
+ Peer supply pressure, company strategic inventory is relatively adequate and delivery capacity is stronger, and year-round industrial block collection is promising.
New-energy cars: new-power clients continued to spend 2021 + new-customer projects continue to be targeted +asp upgrades, company-owned new-energy-car business has been significantly reduced this year and is expected to make a profit in 2022. The new-power ideal, Little Peng, 2022
This year, the priority is to secure delivery, to fill the current production cycle, to plan for the second phase, to double the annual income by about $5 billion, and to balance profits and losses at the profit end. Elevators: 2022q2 property continues to be pressurized, folded up with the impact of the marine epidemic on Bethett’s operations, income & profits or the same ratio.
We expect that the 2022q3 stimulus policy will be launched and the marginality of the property will improve, while the chip & second half of the bulk price will be forecasted for profit and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s net return profit in 2022-24 at 4.30 billion yuan/561 billion yuan.