Performance meets expectations, and the advantages of guaranteed delivery are highlighted \triangleright, the advantages of guaranteed delivery are highlighted and costs are well regulated.
\triangleright, lack of core impact, automated supply stress, rapid corporate response, faster growth of income and profit rates through a range of effective guaranteed delivery measures to safeguard the supply chain ' s ability to produce and deliver sustainably.
On the other hand, the company ' s cost rate for the 22h1 period was 20.67 per cent, compared to +2.07 pcst, with a ratio of management costs to +0.99 pct, a ratio of sales costs to ~115 pcts, the company ' s continued investment in R & D, and a ratio of R & D costs of 22h1 to Deng Yongkang
The share of the generic automation market is in the top position, and the city’s share is expected to increase continuously. In the first half of 2022, \triangleright pursued structural market opportunities through “time delivery, national branding, multi-product solutions”
In China, the share of the company’s universal server system is about 21.6%, and the share of the market is the first to be obtained;
The domestic market share of low-pressure transformer products is about 14.8%, in the top three; the domestic share of small-scale plc products is about 10.7%, ranked second. In the broader context of machine changers and plant automation/intelligentization, there is still much room for companies to grow with products such as transformers, server systems, plc, etc., and companies provide industry clients with “work control plus”
In addition, following the company’s merger with Béster, the supply capacity of the elevator integration solution has been expanded, the demand for elevators and other additions to the industry has been rising, and the company’s elevator operations are expected to continue to grow steadily.
The new energy-car business is expected to grow at a high rate, and is expected to be an important support for corporate growth. The company’s new energy-based car-driven power supply system is benefiting from the increased penetration of the new energy-based car, the impact of the company’s spot-based vehicle-driven power supply system.
In addition, phase one of the company's Changzhou factory works has been put into operation, and phase two has started construction.
The rapid development of the new energy automobile business provides productivity security. \triangleright, with rapid growth, achieves sales revenue of $266 million, +39%.
With the upward trend and the trend towards machine-for-human development, the company’s industrial robotics business is expected to offer good opportunities for development.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.