2022q2 performance was higher, profitability was higher, and the mid-2022 mid-year review of the Hitchon technology (300124) took place on August 25th, 2022.
Incident: In mid-2022, the company achieved business income of $10,397 million in the first half of 2022, 2022q2 with higher performance and increased profitability. In 2022h1, the company earned $10,397 million, Research Assistant: Xie Shaowei
The Division has driven growth in revenue and performance through advantages such as guaranteed delivery, multi-product integrated solutions.s03401210031 General Automation and Disaggregated Product Markets are in third place, and industrial robotic operations are growing rapidly.
During the first half of 2022, the country experienced repeated outbreaks in various regions, with downstream demand under pressure, companies competing for advantages to implement a guaranteed delivery strategy to ensure sustainable production and delivery of the supply chain, generating $5,423 million in general-purpose equipment operations of the 202H1 Department, an increase of about 26 per cent.
In the case of industrial robotics, the company's share of the market revolves around “market +”
In the first half of 2022, industrial robots delivered more than 9,000 units, bringing in 266 million yuan.
The market share of scara robots is 17.5 per cent, the second highest in the 2022h1 new energy vehicle business, and the Permanent State project provides production security for the business. 2022h1 new energy vehicle operations generated $2,009 million, an increase of about 121 per cent.
In 2022, the share of the domestic market in the company's new energy-car-controlled products was 9.3 per cent in the first half of the year, ranking third; the total share of the domestic market in the company-driven-car-driven new energy was 5.4 per cent; it was ranked fifth; and the company-newed share of the domestic market in the first half of the year.
The share of the domestic market for energy-borne motor products is 4.9%. The company’s new energy products and solutions are unanimously recognized by domestic and foreign customers, and the company’s visibility is expected to increase as the global penetration rate of new energy vehicles increases.
The first phase of the Changzhou factory was put into operation, the second phase of the construction was initiated to provide capacity security for the rapid development of the new energy vehicle business. Investment proposal: maintenance of a “recommended” rating.
Implementation of a guaranteed delivery business strategy to support rapid growth in corporate revenue collection and performance. It is expected that the public machine replacement process will reduce the demand for automation equipment in the industry, affecting the volume of the company ' s products; and (3) corporate performance will be under greater pressure if the price of raw materials rises significantly.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.