Synchrome technology (300124.sz) inter-district operation (tradingbuy) performed in line with expectations, with a high level of new-energy vehicle operations
Events: The company released its semi-annual report in 2022, with a revenue of $10,397 million on 2022h1, resulting from a rapid increase in the same year. (Unrecurring gains and losses of $210 million, compared to $19 million in the same period last year) Hong Kong Central Settlement
General automation has been growing faster: in the first half of 2022, in the face of multiple domestic outbreaks and a lack of cores, the demand for industrial automation markets has grown weak, but the industries of lithium, photovoltaic, wind, semiconductor, food and beverages have kept up with better growth, and companies have been actively restructuring through “timeliness”
The benefits of delivery, national product brands, multi-product combination solutions, etc., result in faster growth in income and profits. General automated operations generate $5.638 billion, an increase of 26% from the same year. Of this, 1) the general frequency transformer generated $1.919 billion, an increase of 21.6% from the same year; 2) the universal server system
To achieve an income of 2,233 million yuan, an increase of 22.1 per cent over the same period, based on growth in the silicon crystals, semiconductors, automobile equipment, mobile phones, tp, etc., with a market share raised from 16.3 per cent to 21.6 per cent, and continued to lead with a substantial cut into high-end applications, with corporate plc orders growing at a rate of over 100 per cent in the first half of the year, with small increases.
The market share of type plc is 10.7 per cent, and the Chinese market is ranked second in the domestic brand; 4) the electric fluid system has achieved income of 280 million yuan (including Easterton). In addition, industrial robots have achieved income of 266 million yuan, an increase of 39 per cent over the same period, resulting from the expansion of the company ' s operations in the field of radiation, expanding 3c and silicon.
While large customers in such disaggregated areas as crystals, lithium, etc., have been sold in the pharmaceutical, motor electronics, packaging, general-purpose appliances, and more than 9,000 industrial robotics have been delivered in the first half of the year, there has been a rapid increase in demand in the elevators, which have been affected by the real-estate market and the epidemic.
The new energy automobile business continues to function: the growth of the new power of car-making, such as idealism, peng, etc., the growth of traditional car-engineer collage, broad-broadaion, company power drive, etc.
Billion dollars, a 121% increase in the same year. According to Ne, in the first half of 2022, the share of the company's new energy use, the share of motor control products in the Chinese market was 9.3%, the third (the top two being Biade and Tesla), and the share of the company's electrical control products was ranked first among third-party suppliers.
First, the market share has increased further. In addition, the Changzhou factory phase is operational, and the second phase of the start-up is under way, which will release capacity and contribute to performance.
To 36.37%, mainly due to higher costs for materials, purchases, etc., caused by chip shortages and higher commodity prices, as well as changes in the structure of the company’s products (the share of new energy vehicles has increased). Of this, general automation and industrial robotics were raised by 5 to 8% in mid-term, while the income structure was lower.
In terms of costs, the combined cost rate of 22h1 increased by 2.07% over the same period, with sales falling by 1.15% over the same year, management, R & D, financial cost rising by 0.1% over the same year, consolidation of competitive advantages, international operations, digitalization and energy management solutions: in the industrial controls.
Taking advantage of alternative national production opportunities and further improving the competitiveness of core technologies such as the control, driving, enforcement and sensor layers, in the broader context of the continued increase in the production rate of the industry, has further enhanced the advantages of a company ' s multi-product solution, further raising its share in the area of segmentation and head customers.
At the same time, early in 2022, the company proposed a new strategy for “a step-by-step internationalization.” Moving the company’s mature industrial solution overseas, the European Plant Project team has now arrived in Hungary and is officially invested in overseas plant construction.
The company builds a new generation of digital energy plants at Yeoyang's base, continues to refine the integrated “Automated + Digital + Energy Management” solution, or will forecast the company's profits: the company, as a leading industrial and regulatory enterprise in the country, fully exploits the platform.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.