\triangleright 19 September 2022, first category restricted stock head under the sixth phase of the company ' s equity incentive scheme
Sub-grant registration is completed, with a stock register of 1.22 million shares, with a number of nine persons awarded and a price awarded, Hitchon Technology (300124) Equity incentives to bind core personnel interests and to keep in mind the long-term development of the company's operations.
\triangleright Equity Incentives in Group I restricted stocks, type II restricted stocks and stock options: The Plan proposes to award Category I restricted equities to nine target audiences, approximately 1.22 million shares, representing the company in the period of notice
The primary analysis of Wu Ho's power equipment and new energy sector accounts for about 0.49% of the company's equity in the announcement period. We believe that the company's equity incentive scheme, with its large number of people, binds the core middle- and top-level interests, has been completed with the first category of restricted shares awarded for registration.
Practice number: s1500520090001 he stimulates the project, which will help the company develop its business over the long term.
The year of examination is 2022-2025, divided into four release periods, and the company's performance is considered to be useful in raising the firm's middle- and senior-level motivation in its core, safeguards, practice number: $1500522020101
Incentives are expected to contribute to further business growth. In the wake of the rapid increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles \triangleright, in the first half of 2022, the company’s new energy business generated $2 billion, an increase of 121%.
With regard to the breakdown of products, the share of the company's new energy passenger motor control product in the Chinese market was 9.3 per cent, ranking third, and the company's share of the electrical control product ranked first among third-party suppliers;
5.4 per cent, 4.9 per cent, and fifth, respectively. We believe that the company's new energy automobile business is now well under way and that in the future, as the company's incentive scheme lands, there will be a further increase in employee motivation and new energy business development or acceleration.
Risk factors: industry demand is not as high as expected: raw material price volatility risk: new technology development \triangleright Sinda Securities Inc.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the new energy vehicle industry.
The Voucher Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector, Hu Ying, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People's University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, was a Research Assistant in the Workforce for Securities and Mechanics in the Henging Industry and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind and power equipment industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, 2022, and was responsible for research in the new electricity systems and electrical equipment industry, Sun-yun, a team member, Master of Finance, University of Shandong, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, and was responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry.
Chen Jie, a member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 to study the lithium electric materials industry. Part of the study is not, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or opinions in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.