Ecurities New Energy and Automobile Research Center
Performance meets expectations, continues to lead industrial and industrial nationalization, with recurrent gains and losses of $230 million, mainly for equity investment projects.
Overseas disturbances put pressure on 22H1 industrial demand, companies continue to lead the process of industrial nationalization, and focus on structural increases. 1. Business meets expectations, continues to lead the process of industrial nationalization. Long opportunities, and the share of core products such as servers, plc, transformers, etc. accelerates, with 22H1 harvests, respectively.
18/25 per cent, small plc share 10/12 per cent, converter share 12/18 per cent, stable in country I/I/II, 26 per cent increase in general-purpose automation operations. 22h1 industrial robotics delivered more than 900 units, 39 per cent increase in revenue, continued enhancement of new energy, 3c advantage, scara share
17.5%, the second highest in the country, power-driven systems & motors are growing across borders, traditional car orders are increasing, and third-party supply leadership is being strengthened. 22h1 company ' s new energy automobile business collects $2,009 million, an increase of 121%, and new forces continue to grow and spread.
Turnkey orders are growing rapidly, with more than 20 new fixed-point projects and better client structures. According to the ne-era data, 2022h1 has a 9.3% share in car power control, which ranks third; 5.4% in total power drive, which ranks fifth; 4.9% in power, which ranks fifth; and strong corporate power control leadership in the first half of the year.
Internationalization and energy strategies have accelerated, and q1 profitability has recovered significantly. Twenty-two years have passed since the company launched the internationalization strategy, and the industry has accelerated its journey to the sea; energy operations have accelerated the deployment of products such as light storage, storage, hydrogen production, and so on, leading to performance.
The demand for 22h2 is expected to warm up, and a new round of industrial upswings is expected in 23 years. The q2 Māori ratio increases with the ring, with product prices rising, cost optimization, changes in business structure, large price declines, etc.
(b) Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment