The Sinishan Signals are in the air. The Qin Railway (601006), transport.
Overall traffic repair, with better performance compared to better overall traffic repair, and delivery of goods slightly larger than in the same period of 19 years. 2021h1, as the situation improves, rail traffic recovers gradually and is supported by demand, and cargo recovery is significantly better than passenger transport.
In the first half of the year, State railways delivered 1,845 million tons of goods, i.e. +8.9 per cent of the same year, and companies delivered 34.1770 million tons of goods, i.e. 2,0 per cent more than +12.4 per cent of the same year, 14.5 per cent of the country ' s total rail cargo delivery, and more than the same period in 2019, and led industries at the same rate;
The iron-for-public policy has continued to move forward, and the production of coal has continued to be concentrated in the “tri-west” region, with the public circulation a/total equity (billions): overall improved performance and increased profitability.
Increased cost rates and improved cash flow from operating activities during the period. 2021h1, company sales costs, management \triangleright vs. +0.45 pct; increased transportation payments received by companies and net cash flows from operating activities
Investment proposals: The company's network runs north and south across the two cities of Jinjing Provinces, and has a railway main line connecting the most important coal supply and transit hubs in the northern part of the country.
The policy is expected to sustain high demand for rail freight, to add domestic coal production to the “tri-west” area, and to be more visible in China, 28 San Lixi Street, in Beijing, where freight operations are expected to support steady growth in corporate performance.
Inter-centre 7 Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. maintains an “enhanced” rating of 6.95 and 6.51 times, respectively, per year.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.