Researchchand developmentcenter Recovering, Policy Plus, Dragon Rise
- China Sea Oil Clothes (601808.sh) depth report, Cao Cao's Research Assistant.
High oil prices + low-cost double-drives, and the profit margin for drilling wells is expected to expand: by the end of 2020, the company’s drilling platform was the world’s number one, leading international counterparts in the use of drilling platforms.
The platform ' s usage rate is considered to vary with oil price fluctuations, and Brent ' s $50/bail is an important dividing line, while the platform ' s daily income changes with the platform ' s usage rate fluctuations, with some room for price increases when the platform ' s usage is above 73%.
With the global economic recovery and the maintenance of oil reserves at medium-to-high levels, the profit-making space for drilling services is expected to expand. Autonomous research and development of targeted drilling techniques will break the monopoly of the overseas giants: oil technology services are small assets and high.
Profit-based and high-barrel operations are key to companies moving through cycles and raising profits. In 2014, companies broke through the core technology of targeted drilling and became the world ' s fourth-ever owner of that technology. In 2018, oilboards became the company ' s largest over-drill.
Water, more complex surfaces, and unconventional oil and gas reserves, the size of the market for targeted drilling techniques will continue to grow, the share of the public sector in the market will expand, and revenue and profits from the oil plate are expected to reach a new peak. With China’s oil backside, the company’s performance is strongly supported: in 2021, China’s capital expenditure budget for oil will be as follows:
In addition, the cost of barrel oil production in China and China has continued to decline to $26/barrel equivalent in 2020, and the difference between the cost of tar and barrel oil in China and China, with the exception of 2015, 2016 and 2020, is over $20, which means that China and China can achieve higher capital costs at lower oil prices.
This accumulation of high capital spending has opened up revenue and profit win-win situations for companies. With oil prices warming, the industry has entered the upper cycle: from March 2021 to the present, organizations such as Imf, iea, opc, eia are optimistic, occ+ from reduced production to more restrained production, vaccines, etc.
In most countries of the world, the epidemic has been brought under control, the demand for energy has increased for the entire world, and high oil prices will create more investment and profit opportunities for upstream exploration and development enterprises, leading to the sustained growth of the garment industry under the seven-year action plan: to reduce the price of oil, gas and gas in the country.
Externality, national efforts to promote energy security and increase production from reserves, three barrels of oil responded positively by developing a seven-year plan of action to increase capital expenditure and workload for exploration and exploitation. As the seven-year plan of action continues, large-scale exploration and development needs will drive demand for services in the garment industry.
• Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we predict that the company's net return profits for 2021-2023 are below industry levels, covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating. Catalysts of stock prices: global economic recovery; oil prices at medium and high levels; higher upstream capital expenditure
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside oil price risks; rebound demand recovery
In Beijing, the city’s west-city district, the 9th House of the House of the City’s 9th Street, is exposed to risk; upstream capital spending is below expected risk; and geopolitical risks. As a sea-coat giant, the company’s industrial chain is well developed, stringently reduces efficiency gains, remains technology-oriented, and is highly profitable.
High oil prices + low-cost double-drives, and the profit margin for drilling wells are expected to expand: by the end of 2020, the company's drilling platform was the world's number one, and the drilling platform used the leading international peer. We believe that the platform's usage rate will change with oil price fluctuations, and that Brent's $50/barret is an important dividing line, and that the platform's daily income will change with the platform's usage rate, and that's when
Under firm control, the day-to-day cost of drilling boreholes continues to decline. As the global economy recovers, oil is maintained at a medium-to-high level, and the profit margin for drilling services is expected to expand.
Autonomously developing targeted drilling technology to break the foreign monopoly: oil technology services are light asset-based, high-profit, and high-barrier operations that are key to the company’s cyclicality and profitability. In 2014, companies broke through the core technology of targeted drilling and became the world’s fourth owner of that technology. In 2018, oilboards became the company’s largest business.
Exploration for exploration has shifted to deep water, more complex surface and unconventional oil and gas deposits, the size of the market for targeted drilling techniques has continued to grow, the company’s share of the market will continue to expand, and oil plate revenues and profits are expected to reach a new peak. Real capital expenditure has increased by 13 to 26 per cent compared to the year 2020.
The difference between the cost of tar and the cost of a barrel oil in China and China is over $20 per barrel in 2020, except for 2015, 2016, 2020, which means that China and China can achieve higher capital spending at lower oil prices. Low barrel oil costs add up to higher capital spending, which will help companies open up a win-win scenario for both profits.
Oil-price convergence policy has accelerated the upward cycle of the garment industry. Oil prices have warmed, and industry has entered the upward cycle: from March 2021 to the present, organizations such as Imf, iea, ipec, eia have been optimistic, the shift from reduced production to a restraint increase in production, the pace of vaccinations has accelerated, the consumption of finished oils has increased, and Brent oils have increased.
As the epidemic in most countries of the world is brought under control, and the demand for energy increases for society as a whole, high oil prices will create more investment and profit opportunities for upstream exploration and development enterprises, thus driving the oil-dressing industry to a “seven-year action plan” to sustain a sustained growth in the garment industry: to reduce the external dependence of our oil and gas, the country is large.
With the continued implementation of the seven-year plan of action, large-scale exploration and development needs will lead to higher demand for and price of services in the garment industry.
According to the Secretary-General at the Leaders' Climate Summit in 2021, China will gradually reduce coal consumption during the 14th and 15th periods. In the short and medium term, the new energy distribution will take time to secure the country’s energy security and control coal consumption.
In the long run, the zero-carbon era will have to be followed by plans to reduce the carbon footprint. The market is generally based on the firm’s technology, cost, and customer-level approach.
Three key advantages, the company being considered to be superior to other counterparts with a cyclical core competitiveness: the company breaking out of the technological monopoly of the big overseas and adhering to the technology orientation that led to a significant reduction in the cost of purchasing oil and technology equipment and services and a rise in profitability; the firm ' s strict cost-control, with the cost of repairs and consumption of individual segments of its business declining as a proportion of revenue; and the associated company ' s share of revenue.
In addition, under the “2030 carbon peak, 2060 carbon neutral” commitment, the market may be concerned about the sustainability of the profits of the companies. In our view, resource reserves based on China’s coal-rich, oil-poor, low gas-rich and coal-consumption-related energy consumption are particularly important.
Point, by 2030, reducing coal consumption will be a major task, while the share of oil and gas in the energy consumption structure will gradually increase to meet national development and growing energy needs, and natural gas will be important for some time to come. As a result, future corporate profitability will have some space and sustainability.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: global economic recovery; maintenance of medium-high oil prices; expansion of upstream capital expenditure; macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risks in oil prices; rebound demand recovery below expected risks; upstream capital expenditure below expectations
Risks; geopolitical risks. 1, Sea-caps, full chain of services, 1.1 equity structure, firm industry position
China Sea oil suits are the largest supplier of oilfield services at sea in China and the most functional, complete and integrated marine oil field services listed in Asia. Companies have over 50 years of experience in maritime operations, covering all stages of oil and gas exploration, development and production, and covering areas off China's coast and Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East, the Far East, Europe, and Europe.
More than 40 regions and countries, such as the Americas and Africa. The company was previously registered as a crude oil service company in December 2001; the company changed to a limited company in 2002 and was listed in Hong Kong in November of the same year; in March 2004, the company’s shares were traded on the United States Stock Exchange in New York in the form of a first-class United States deposit voucher; and in September 2007, the company publicly released a share.
Listed on the Shanghai Exchange; in 2008, the company successfully acquired awilcooffshoreasa, Norway, further expanding the course of the development of the marine garments in figure 1, with the company publicly issuing the h shares and placing them on the Hong Kong Union Board, and successfully raising 2,487 million dollars for the company ' s future.
Capital expenditure plan, involving investment in four large plate operations in the period 2002-2005: 26.4, 8.6, 10.6 and 410 million yuan, respectively; in 2007, the company publicly issued a share and successfully listed on the Shanghai Exchange, with a total of $6.74 billion raised from this round of financing, mainly in the construction of drilling vessels, multi-purpose platform construction, oil field work vessels, III
In 2014, the company again raised HK$ 5,819 million for general corporate purposes through the distribution of shares. At present, the total stock of the company is HK$ 4,77 billion, of which a share is a total of 91.33% and the equity structure is concentrated.
Established in 1982, mainly in China's maritime petroleum business, the State Council's National Assets Oversight Committee, which is a top-heavy figure, figure 2 China's marine oil-suits equity structure 1.2 is centred on “drill drilling plus technology” to achieve supply of whole-sector chain services
Since its establishment in 2001, the company has continuously improved its technical and equipment management capabilities, with a stronger maritime oil service fleet and relatively complete service chain in the Asia-Pacific region, with operations covering the entire exploration, development and production process of oil and gas fields, and with high industry and customer recognition. The company has four major areas of drilling, oil field technology, ships, surveying and engineering.
Specialized services of the Block, together with a variety of individual services and package integration services for clients.
By the end of 2020, the company had operated and managed a total of 57 drilling platforms (including 43 self-propelled, 14 semi-submarine platforms), five modular rigs, etc.
Field Technical Services Company provides complete field technical services, including, but not limited to, specialized services such as surveying wells, drilling of constitutional wells, orientation wells, drilling wells, completion of wells, repair of wells, oil field production, etc.
The company currently consists of more than 140 vessels, including three workboats, platform supply vessels, oilfield protection vessels, which can provide a variety of deep water anchoring operations, drilling/engineering platforms (ships), sea transport, oil/gas field protection, etc.
By the end of 2020, the company had five tugboats, one specialized seismic vessel and two submarine cables.
Teams and five integrated marine engineering survey vessels, two deep water support vessels. Services for users include, but are not limited to, wide-area, wide-frequency, high-density seismic collection services, multiple seismic collection services for submarine cables and seafloor nodes, integrated marine engineering surveys, etc.
The growth of the boreholes and the Māori sector has been stable, with the highest collection and ratio of Māori to the boreholes, and there is a year-to-year trend of expansion, with slides, a once negative Māori presence and varying degrees of contraction in each of the four major plates, with the most volatile performances of the boreholes, the company entering the growth recovery phase, and a marked increase in the oil plate collection and Māori share in 2018, and the revenue share of the plate.
It is 45%, with Māori contributing 104%, becoming the company’s first-largest major business for the first time. Overall, public revenue and Māori are changing periodically, with well drilling and oil technology services accounting for a relatively high proportion of the four major portfolios.
Figure 5 Māori (millions of dollars) for each of the company ' s segments of business, Figure 6 Māori (%) (l) Drilling services: the company is China ' s largest marine drilling contractor, providing mainly self-incentive drilling platforms, semi-submarines
Drilling platforms, modular drilling rigs, land drilling rigs, etc. The company drilling platform was the largest in the world by the end of 2020, operating 57 drilling platforms (43 self-introduction + 14 semi-submarine) and 5 modular drilling rigs, etc., which provide customers with drilling services of 15 to 10,000 feet in depth and 15,000 to 30,000 feet in depth.
In 2021, it is expected that 32 self-propelled drilling platforms and 8 semi-submarine drilling platforms will be operating in the country, 10 self-propelled drilling platforms and 2 semi-submarine drilling platforms will be operating abroad, and 1 self-propelled drilling platform and 1 semi-submarine drilling platform will be on standby abroad. In addition, the company is a permanent member of the International Association for the Contracting of Drilling (IAdc) and has acquired Norwegian ship class.
(dnv) Authority certification. Drilling operations are heavy asset operations, and platform usage and daily income are important indicators for measuring profitability. For platform usage, the daily usage rate for corporate platforms was close to 100 per cent in 2010-2014 (discrete repair days), but in 2014
After four quarters of a sharp drop in oil prices, the platform ' s utilization rate fell to an historical low of 52 per cent for 2015-2016, and one year after oil prices rebounded at $35 per barrel in 2016 and exceeded $50 per barrel in 2017, the platform ' s utilization lag finally turned upward in 2017 and reached an almost five-year high in the first quarter of 2020.
Special oil prices fell by $50 per barrel, and company drilling platforms experienced a gradual decline, with an average annual utilization rate of 75%, but still lead international counterparts. Compared to the borehole and platform utilization rate, the borehole drilling rate in 2016 was a positive shift from a positive to a low of 73%, so that the drilling rigs had a profit/loss balance close to 73% of the available daily usage.
And $95,000 per day, but in 2020 well-drilling income (in millions of yuan per day) slipped slightly as a result of the significant depreciation of the dollar. In addition, the level of daily income fell significantly in 2015 compared to 2015, but the level of drilling in 2015 and 2020 was equivalent to Māori, largely due to effective mitigation efficiency gains.
Figure 7 Costs of drilling services (millions of yen/day), so we believe that the utilization rate of the China-China garment platform follows the fluctuations in oil prices, and that Brent's $50/bail is an important dividing line (about $30/bbl, 20/b below the price of Brent crude oil), while daily revenues follow the platform.
Fluctuations in usage, with rig services having a certain price increase when the platform has a higher utilization rate of 73 per cent or more, as well as the quarterly average price of crude oil (%, US$/barrell)
Figure 10 Drilling platform usage and Māori rate (%)
Technical services, including but not limited to specialized services such as surveying wells, drilling fluids, directional wells, well-fixing, completion of wells, construction of wells, and increased production of oil fields. According to the company ' s 2020 report, the firm ' s well-fixing market was the third largest in the world as of early 2021, the cable wells market was the fourth largest in the world, and the direction well plus the wireless borehole (mwd) was the fourth largest in the world.
The main technology developed for the rotation-oriented drilling system, Welleider, and the drilling system, Drilog, have been successfully applied in several oil fields in the China Sea and the land, becoming the first Chinese and the fourth global company to have both technologies. Unlike the drilling plate, the oil plate business is a light asset business, and mastering the core technology will ensure that the company will be able to do so over a longer period of time.
After breaking through the core technical bottlenecks of the targeted drilling rigs in 2014, the company insisted on a “light asset-based” strategy, with oil plate revenues rising to 46% and Māori share in 2020, far exceeding its profits by 29% in 2020 and well above its pre-2014 oil price collapse. As can be seen, the oil plate business was dominated by industry.
(iii) Services to ships: the company operates the largest and most functional offshore ship fleet in China, with oil protected vessels, three working ships, platform supplies, multi-ships, well repair support vessels, and more than 140 ships in total.
Overall operational support and services for offshore hydrocarbon exploration, production and development were provided. As of January 2021, the company ' s ship market had (4) material exploration and engineering survey services: the company had been engaged in marine engineering survey operations since 1976 and was the main supplier of offshore material exploration and engineering survey services in China. The company had completed more than 240 marine oil and gas field development projects and projects.
Survey operations at over 1,700 well-placed sites with extensive operational experience. By the end of 2020, the Group had five tugboats, one specialized seismic vessel, two submarine cable fleets and five integrated marine engineering cruisers, two deep-water operations, and a cycle of 1.3 miles ahead.
The garment industry is highly cyclical, and by 2020, the company ' s performance has undergone roughly three cycles of two. (1) In 2011-2014, oil prices remained high above $100/bpm, the market for the garments was in a state of high cyclicality, public prices were less relevant, and policy factors (energy security and increased storage) became the dominant factor in this phase, with a new round taking place.
In 2019, the firm’s performance against the downward trend in oil prices, driven by the parent company’s seven-year action plan for oil in China, grew significantly, with net profit rising by 34.34% on a year-on-year basis. The international crude oil market fell sharply in 2020, while the public sector’s performance decreased only slightly from that of the previous year.
Net corporate interest rates are higher than comparable companies, and they are highly profitable. Compared to the foreign oil suit giants and domestic private firms, net corporate interest rates have expanded in recent years, benefiting mainly from domestic policy support and corporate technological innovation. In 2019, net corporate gains were established, and three core advantages were achieved, with outstanding sea oil service providers.
2.1 The strategic shift in technology: “Back asset-based technologies” to give new impetus to corporate development “technology” is a key factor affecting the core competitiveness of oil-coat companies and is one of the key checks and balances that determine whether firms can be established in the international market, and is also an important underpinning of corporate barriers and sustainable development.
The base is high, and many of the high-precision technologies are monopolized by large foreign oil suit owners, raising their skills and mastering the core technology to high profit margins. Second, oil technology services are light asset-type operations that can account for less asset impairment losses and depreciation amortization costs when the industry goes down, thereby smoothing corporate profit fluctuations and moving through the cycle.
By contrast, the company’s drilling plate, after a collapse in 2016, accounted for $8.26 billion in asset impairment losses, up from $11.5 billion in that year, the worst performance since the company was listed. Figure 19 shows that the oil plate business is associated with a strong net profit return to the mother (million yuan).
The company has been working to strengthen its own technology research and development and technological reserves. In 2012, the company invested in a technology park on the outskirts of China’s oily garments; in 2015, the company built a pilot base with more than 100 boreholes of drilling capability; and in 2018, the company proposed a shift from heavy to light asset-based technology, focusing on the internationalization of the oil plate.
Corporate R & D investment has grown steadily, with patents leading. In 2020, corporate R & D spending was 1.3 billion yuan, an increase of 22 per cent over the previous year; the number of R & D staff in companies was re-innovated, reaching 1,689, or 12 per cent of the total workforce.
4.5 per cent, higher than their counterparts by 0.8 to 2.5 percentage points; in 2020, companies were awarded 84 patents for a total of 1734 patents, more than five times as many as their domestic counterparts ' petrochemicals, and far more than other private companies in the country.
Figure 23 Number and percentage of R & D personnel in companies (persons, %)
For more than a decade, the company has continued to develop and upgrade its oil and gas exploration, development, and production equipment, and has worked to break through core technologies, fill domestic technological gaps, break foreign monopolies, improve production efficiency, and reduce production costs. In 2008, the Drilling Drilling Project (fct) prototype was successfully tested, and China and China became the fourth global company to own the technology.
In 2012, the company autonomously developed the deep water “surge” slurry system and the deep water “low-temperature, early-temperature”, “low-water-heated” cement slurry system, which filled the country’s deep-water slurry and well-fixing technology gap. In 2014, the company’s self-researched drilling system spote(drilog) and the rotation-oriented drilling system coltas (wellleader) successfully completed their first operation.
For the first Chinese (the fourth global) company to have both a drilling system, a rotation-oriented drilling system, and a fully autonomous property rights and commercial applications. In 2020, the company ' s autonomous development of the escool system enabled China ' s high-sea temperature-scaling operation to become the backbone of the sea ' s high-temperature survey wells; and the synthetic cobalt-based biodrills system was built south-south.
By 2020, the company had 805 sets of technical equipment, representing a net increase of 211 sets compared to the 13th Five-Year Start, and increased its autonomous development of target wells (d+w) from 0 to 66 units.
The company has autonomously developed targeted drilling techniques, which break the monopoly on foreign uniforms. Targeted drilling is a key technology for oil and gas resources exploration and is also an important way to develop geothermal resources and geological research. As global oil and gas exploration begins, it is developing from conventional to low-permeability and non-conventional oil and gas deposits, from land to sea, from shallow to deep and super-deep.
Deep development and industry demand for targeted drilling techniques are increasing. Targeted drilling techniques consist mainly of two core techniques, one for sub-well data measurement and transmission, and the other for in-well eye trajectory control, including rotation-oriented systems and drilling fluid motors.
Prior to the company ' s autonomous development and commercial application of targeted drilling techniques, the technology was largely monopolized by the foreign suit giants, while other companies had to purchase the corresponding services at high prices, at a high annual cost.
In 2014, the China Sea oilsuits succeeded in achieving a clear breakthrough in the direction of drilling techniques, with the autonomous development of the Wheelader rotation orientation system and the Drilog drilling system breaking the foreign monopoly of technology in 2018. The Welleader rotational orientation system allows automatic control of the borehole trajectory while the drilling pole rotates, adapting to complex substrate conditions and drilling rigs.
Drilog follows the drilling system and supports the drilling, drilling, directional drilling, geo-directional applications that allow real-time and ground-directional uploading of information from underground as well as remote transmission and connectivity to companies.
Real-time expert decision-making system (rtc). As exploration development moves to deep water, more complex surface and non-conventional oil and gas deposits, and the size of the market for targeted drilling techniques continues to grow, the company ' s share of the market will continue to expand, and oil plate revenues and profits are expected to reach new peaks.
Figure 27 Rotating-led drilling system Figure 26 with drilling system cost 2.2: assets are well structured and relative cost advantages are highlighted
In 2020, the company achieved a cost reduction of $2.1 billion in efficiency gains and reduced the cost of repairs to the Foreign Commission by increasing self-repair rates; dig deep to improve the bargaining power of the procurement process and improve the efficiency of the use of internal resources; optimize the material system, the equipment structure and the personnel structure to stimulate management effectiveness; and integrate the new ones.
The cost of autonomous science, technology and innovation can be significantly reduced as companies make successive breakthroughs in the field of critical nuclear technology equipment, increasing their share of their own instruments and purchasing foreign technical expertise, equipment instruments or related services at a higher cost.
Per capita operating costs are relatively low, and per capita output is relatively high. In 2020, the per capita output of companies was $1.98 million, just below Haliberton, higher than the cost of slemberghea and petrochemicals; the per capita cost of companies was $1.71 million, only significantly higher than the cost of petrochemicals and lower or equal to the cost of the two major offshore companies; the per capita output of companies was $270,000, the highest of the four companies.
The competitive advantage of companies is evident. Figure 30 shows the highest per capita output per company - the highest per capita cost (million yuan/person) - a steady decline in management costs, with a flat ratio of three fees.
In 2017, the United States Trump government experienced a crisis of trust, a stable and well-developed Chinese economy, a rapid appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar, a significant increase in corporate exchange losses, and financial costs, which have reached high levels in recent years; combined with the continuing economic downturn in the industry, the share of the public sector in revenue has continued to rise to a high point. From 2018 to 2020, companies continued to optimize their internal structures and manage their costs.
Since the second half of 2021, based on the economic fundamentals of the United States and Central America, the renminbi has continued to rise in strength, the company’s financial costs are expected to increase further, the company’s three-fee share of the asset structure has become more rational, and cost controls have improved.
Capital expenditure gradually fell from 3.3 billion yuan in 2012 to 900 million yuan in 2020, with a ratio of 1.9 billion yuan in four major plates, which increased from 14 per cent to 48 per cent in 2020, surpassing the drilling plate to become the company ' s first capital expenditure panel. The asset share of the drilling plate declined from 81 per cent to 61 per cent, a decrease of almost 20 percentage points.
At present, the company ' s depreciation costs and impairment losses are relatively reduced, and cost controls are better.
Corporate client networks are worldwide and establish good customer relationships with major national oil companies and international oil companies. Companies have increased market outreach, and now cover more than 40 countries and regions, including Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Iraq, Norway, the United Kingdom, Canada, Brazil, Mexico, Myanmar, Indonesia, Malaysia.
In 70 income contracts, coslgift broke the record of 16 “hole drilling” in the Saudi Arabian-American field for 30 years, cosl hunter, coslconvention and cosl3 obtained the approval of American clients for safe and efficient operations, and the group managed the drilling platform operated to gain the trust of overseas operators for high-quality performance.
Figure 34 shows that companies have expanded their international markets to the point where the ratio is once close to 80%. As can be seen, China and China oil’s capital spending plans for the past year determine to a large extent the number and amount of their orders, thus having a significant impact on the company’s performance.
In 2021, China ' s capital expenditure budget for oil was RMB 90-100 billion, which will be 13-26 per cent higher than the actual capital expenditure in 2020. Of this amount, 17 per cent was spent on oil and gas exploration, 61 per cent on oil and gas development, 20 per cent on oil and gas production, and 72 per cent on oil and oil fields in China ' s maritime waters. In 2021, China ' s oil and oil revenues are projected to be 19 per cent.
New projects were launched (including the development of a mary 17-2 gas field in China ' s maritime area, the development of a landfield area, the 6-4 oil field of Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao, the adjustment of the 19-4 oil field of Cao Cao Cao Cao, the expansion of the 26-3 oil field, the 11-6 oil field of Cao Cao Cao Cao, the 31-1 gas field of Jinzhou, the 16-1 oil field, the 6-1 oil field 4-1 area development project, the 29-1 brigade oil field and the 4-3 brigade area of the 4-2 oil field of Bong Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao, the expansion of the 11-6 field of Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao, the 31-1 gas field, the 16-1 oil field, the 6-1 oil field of the 6-1 field, the 6-1 oil field development project, the 29-1 oil field and the 4-3 sector of Bong Cien Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao, the 4-2 field)
Quantities 5-2 North Oil Fields, Brigade 6-2 North Oil Fields, Royal Qin Island/Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao Cita Cita Cynacials Project, 11-2 East China Oil Field II, 21-2 Fluxes, 29-2 Gas Fields, and Bushard Oil Fields II and Mero Oil Fields in the United Kingdom)
The oil exploration phase refers to construction and commissioning of works, including platform installation, seafloor catheter laying and anchoring systems, fpso (LNG production and unloading units) systems, and production includes drilling of wells, adjustment of wells, construction of wells to produce crude oil and storage processing.
Figure 35 Central China oil capital expenditure closely related to corporate revenue (millions of dollars) Figure 36 China Sea oil-related transactions and share (millions of dollars, per cent) Figure 37 Central China oil capital expenditure structure 2021 (%)
Figure 38 Central Sea Oil ' s 2021 plan for in- and out-of-sea capital expenditure (%) highlights the advantages of the cost of oil drums in China, creating profit margins for the uniforms. Since 2013, production of barrel oil in China Sea oil has declined steadily, and in 2020 it has fallen to $26 per barrel equivalent, except for 2015 and 2016, which were affected by a sharp fall in oil prices.
The difference between the price of Brent crude oil and the cost of the oil drums in China and China in 2020, apart from the impact of the epidemic, is over $20 per barrel, providing ample scope for profit. With significant cost advantages, production operations in China and China are less sensitive to fluctuations in oil prices, allowing higher capital spending at lower oil prices, and providing more operational opportunities for oil uniforms in China and China.
On the other hand, China’s oil and gas reserves, supported by policies such as “uploading”, “uplifting offshore oil and gas development” have been rising year by year, and in 2020 they accounted for one fifth of the total “three barrels of oil” in China, up from 2016.
6 percentage points. Marine oil and gas mining has greater space and longer-term potential than land-based mining, with the US sanctions imposed on China and China for the short term and with a long-term alert to geopolitical risks in December 2020, the U.S. Department of Defense.