The sword means the giants of the global blue sea market are ready for launch — the Chinese suit (601808.sh) is on the starting line.
On August 09, 2021, our energy security faced serious challenges in the context of the growing geopolitical complexity of the world. At the policy level, energy security was mentioned repeatedly, and policy-level incrementally added to domestic oil uniforms.
As one of the world’s largest oil-field service providers, the company has a complete chain of service, and the company has a complete chain of services.
At the same time, the China Sea Oil Group, which is based on one of the “three barrels of oil”, has a natural advantage in terms of management and cost over the companies under the umbrella of China oil and China petrochemicals.
Technology advantages facilitate the transformation of the company's light assets strategy Marine oil and gas exploration is exposed to the risk of being “two-high and one-low” with natural technical barriers, but companies are pursuing the two strategies of “technology development, internationalization” with R&D spending accounting for the share of revenues in 2020.
The technological advantage has driven the company’s strategic shift toward light assets, which has led to a decline in revenue from heavy-asset drilling operations compared to the overall decline, while the light-asset oilfield technical services plate has been promoted to the top of the board, the company cycle.
International oil prices are rising, fueling the recovery of drilling operations, and the climate of the garment industry is closely linked to international oil prices. As a result of the epidemic, international oil prices have entered the past year.
However, as supply and demand patterns improve, oil prices continue to shift upwards, leading to a full recovery of drilling plates. Higher oil prices will increase deep-sea exploration operations, while the global decommissioning of drilling platforms will boost drilling.
The platform’s utilization rate has increased, thus affecting the platform’s daily rates. And, thanks to domestic operations, even though in 2020 the company’s platform was still more than 10% higher than its international counterparts, it is expected that the company’s platform’s utilization rate will increase further to near 85% in the next two years to drive the drilling platform’s daily fees.
Domestic and overseas two-way operations open up the space for growth, and the vast majority of the company's business is carried over from China Sea Oil, which, according to China Sea Oil's 2021 business plan, has a combined capital expenditure budget of 13-26 per cent per year, which is closely linked to the development and survey of the suit.
In the context of the Seven-Year Plan of Action, exploration for oil in China and China is expected to increase, providing a strong support for sustaining the company's long-term workload, which in the past was limited by equipment and technology, and the company's overseas operations were largely based on competitiveness.
The relatively strong drilling plates, exploration plates, etc., have low global market ownership, which does not match the company’s leading position. Against the backdrop of global rig-drilling and autonomous technology upgrading, companies’ unincorporated offshore operations are expected to develop across borders.
Given the company's leading position, the future growth space for the Division's performance is still greater with the increase in China and China oil capital spending and the expansion of overseas operations, with the first “buy-in” rating being covered.
1.1. Energy security highlights the strategic value of the garment industry. From the point of view of energy security, the resource pattern of our “coal-rich, oil-poor, gas-poor” makes crude oil and natural gas imports dependent and the country faces severe energy security in a context of increasing global geopolitical complexity.
According to the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, domestic crude oil production in 2020 was 195 million tons, an increase of 1.6% compared to the previous year, but the apparent consumption of crude oil was 736 million tons, an increase of 5.6% compared to the same year.
At the same time, marine oil and gas resources are very rich, with their average reserves well above land, but their exploitation is low. According to iia data, global marine oil and gas detection rates are only 24% and 31%, and are still in place.
Millions of tons, or 23% of the country’s total oil resources; marine gas resources, or 30% of the total, amount to 16 trillion cubic metres. As an important support for marine oil and gas exploration and development.
On the one hand, there has been an acceleration of the flow of domestic mineral rights, thus increasing the scope of exploration, such as the publication by the Ministry of Natural Resources in 2019 of the Opinion on Certain Matters for the Advancement of Mineral Resource Management Reform (Approached), which calls for a piloting of hydrocarbon prospecting competition, exploring the development of practical experience and steadily advancing the management reform of hydrocarbon exploration.
For example, in 2020, the State Council published China’s Energy Development for New Times, which calls for increased oil and gas exploration and self-sufficiency. The policy-level increase also provides good guarantees for the domestic heating of the garment industry.
1.2 The company is the leader of the marine garment industry, and the Chinese suit is dependent on one of the “three barrels of oil”, which has a natural advantage in marine oil and gas development over the Chinese oil and petrochemical flag companies. As one of the world's largest oil-field service providers, males,
The Division has a complete service chain that runs through all stages of oil and gas exploration, development and production at sea. It can provide both a single-business operational service for its clients and an integrated, fully engineered, master-contracting operation service.
Of these, 43 self-enhancement platforms, 14 semi-submarine platforms, are the first in the world; more than 130 offshore working ships, the fourth in the world; and more than 430 previously developed oil field technical services, such as drilling wells, rotation orientations, drilling wells, etc., are autonomously developed.
In Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East, the Americas, Europe, Africa, and the Far East, the primary business and profit performance of 1.3 companies was remarkable, and growth was maintained between 2017 and 2019 in terms of net return and return earnings.
The company ' s small revenue fell to about $29 billion, but the net profit from the settlement payments made by equinor, as well as the efficiency gains of the company within, was still $2.7 billion, an increase of 8 per cent. In the first quarter of 2021, due to delays or adjustments in some of its operational projects, the main workload of the sections and the use of equipment decreased by the same year.
The build-up and settlement raised the performance base of last year, leading to a clear picture of the net profits of both the harvest and the parent in the first quarter of this year. In terms of the main business, the company now owns four major camps, namely, surveying services, drilling services, oilfield technical services, and ship services.
Twenty-three per cent, mainly due to the full-scale implementation by companies of mitigation efficiency initiatives to facilitate the transformation of the technology industry, high equipment and technical service capabilities, and the shift of the company towards a more Māori light asset. 2. Technology advantages facilitate the strategic shift of the company ' s light assets.
Sea oil and gas exploration is exposed to the risk of high input, high risk, low oil price, and natural technical barriers:
This aspect is relevant to the environment of ocean exploitation, where complex sea and geological conditions have a greater impact on the success of marine oil and gas exploration, while marine drilling operations face many challenges, such as complex geological structures and extreme typhoon weather. On the other hand, marine oil and gas development is more demanding for safety and environmental protection.
This will place a heavy financial burden on the enterprise, both technically and financially, and the company has acquired a full range of deep-water drilling techniques that can provide a full range of exploration, development and service capabilities from shallow to deep water. There are currently more than 981 deep-water semi-submarine drilling platforms, including oil and oil, which make up 2500 yuan.
In recent years, the share of R & D inputs in revenue has remained essentially stable at 3 to 4%. This compares with that of the industry.
Corporate R & D inputs have been transformed into competitive advantages, with breakthroughs in key technologies and equipment autonomy. Six professions, 25 technological developments, and 103 key technologies are under control, and the commercialization process has continued to accelerate: the full functional coverage of the company ' s self-research rotation-oriented drilling wells with the drilling system has accumulated over time.
• A 24-fold increase in the speed of transmission as high-speed mud-drill remote transfer technology breaks through new technology applications such as high-temperature leaks, reservoir cracks, high-pressure leaks, effective reduction of customer construction cycles and lower customer development costs:
A major breakthrough was made in deep-water drilling fluid technology to withstand higher-temperature performances in a 180°C constant stream than in international products during the same period, becoming a very small number of companies worldwide with such high-performance drilling fluid technology. Table 2: The technical advantages of the company's different plates (part)
2.2 A strategic shift towards light assets. The field technical services module is the company's core section that provides technical expertise in oil fields such as surveying wells, drilling fluids, directional wells, well-fixing, wells completion, wells repair, oil field production enhancement, etc., as the field technical services are primarily technical,
Low fixed costs avoid problems such as low equipment utilization and high asset impairment losses in the context of industry, thus reducing the company’s cyclical attributes and increasing its resilience to oil price fluctuations. Increasing the share of technical services in oil fields is therefore also the main direction of the strategic transformation of the Division.
Over the last five years, the results of the corporate light asset strategic transformation have been remarkable. The revenue from drilling operations with distinct cycle attributes has declined in size (by 3.4%), while the revenue from light-asset oilfield technical services has risen in size (by 9%).
More, and more, than corporate R & D advantages, this has led to a significantly higher M & A rate for the technology plate. Over the last few years, the M & A rate has risen from 21.5 per cent in 2017 to 28.8 per cent in 2020, thanks to technological advances such as an international leader in seawater-based voltage technology, in the early 2021 season.
(b) On the other hand, because of the decline in the subcontracting rate, operations that were previously not available for technical reasons could only be subcontracted to other companies, thereby effectively reducing the cost of subcontracting and increasing the Māori rate.
3. Higher international oil prices contribute to the return of well-drilling plates 3.1 Supply and demand move the oil price focus upwards close to international oil prices, as international oil prices have a direct impact on upstream capital expenditure and drilling
In 2020, as a result of the epidemic, demand for crude oil shrunk significantly, dragging international oil prices to historical lows, and global oil and gas companies significantly cut investment spending. According to a report released by ihsmarkit Consulting, international oil companies spent $302 billion on exploration and development capital in 2020, down from 2019.
Figure 17: Brent crude oil futures prices (US$/barrells) Figure 18: Number of active global drilling platforms
1) The incremental recovery of production by Opec has had a relatively limited impact on market supply. Although the OPEC+ meeting on 18 July reached an important consensus on the issue of production growth: on the one hand, the return to production reduction began in August 2021, with an increase of 400,000 barrels per day per month, until the total restoration of 5.8 million barrels per day of active production reduction. On the other hand, the upward adjustment.
Production benchmarks, with some oil-producing countries increasing their production quotas by 1.7 million barrels per day from May 2022, with Saudi and Russian production benchmarks increasing by 500,000 barrels per day and Emirates, Iraq and Kuwait production benchmarks increasing by 33, 15, 150,000 barrels per day, respectively.
The OPEC+ meeting will be convened to adjust the reduction in production and pace to the pace of recovery of global demand for crude oil, to ensure a balanced oil market, making stock supply relatively manageable.) After last year’s sharp fall, and even negative oil prices, the development of shale oil in the United States has had a greater impact on the supply side.
More cautiously, energy companies use the recovery in oil prices to cut their debt and increase shareholder returns, rather than spending more to boost production, capital discipline, and a slowdown in the expansion process. Moreover, under carbon neutral and distant scenarios, international oil giants like bp are also accelerating strategic shifts, such as bp increasing the local sea winds.
The investment available, the Shell plan to reduce oil production by 1-2 percentage points per year and expand in areas such as electricity and biofuels, has weakened spending on upstream exploration and limited future supply of new vaccines. (3) The global vaccination vaccination process is accelerating, generating economic recovery and boosting demand for crude oil, and the International Monetary Fund (IMF)
The organization’s latest World Economic Outlook report shows a global economic growth rate of 5.5%, which will boost the gradual increase in oil demand. According to the July report lea, Opec, the global demand ring of 10,000 barrels per day in the third quarter of 2021, and 1.58 million barrels per day, the supply-demand gap is still expected to be sustained, underpinning oil prices.
3.2 Higher oil prices contribute to the marginal improvement of drilling operations The increase in oil prices, combined with the decommissioning of the drilling platform, contributes to the increase in the utilization of the drilling platform, thereby affecting the daily rates of the platform, which, given the relationship between oil prices and the daily rates of the platform over the past few years, are subject to significant fluctuations in the utilization rate of the platform
There will be some relevance: after 2014, oil prices have returned significantly from the historical high of $100/bpb, leading to a reduction in upstream exploration and development inputs, with the platform ' s utilization rate having declined significantly from 96.4 per cent in 2014 to 55.5 per cent in 2016.
In 2019, China and China increased their oil exploration effort, which also led to a significant increase in equipment utilization in China and China, to 81.4%, a 9% increase in the same rate, and an increase in the average daily rate of $0.10 million per day.
In addition, the energy consulting firm rystadenergy assessed that, of the 213 offshore floating drilling platforms currently active worldwide, 59 may face dismantling (or decommissioning), equivalent to a quarter of the total number of offshore floating drilling fleets. Based on these findings, future global drilling platforms are expected to increase, and companies benefit from domestic operations.
Even in 2020, the platform’s utilization rate was still more than 10% higher than that of international counterparts, and the Division’s use of the platform is expected to rise further to near 85% over the next two years, leading to a marginal recovery in the daily rates of drilling platforms. Finally, rising oil prices have led to an increase in deep-sea exploration operations, and an increase in the number of operational days of the more expensive semi-submarine platforms, from
In general, the self-incented drilling platform is self-incurred and suitable to operate in shallow waters at a relatively low rate, with a daily rate of $70,000 per day per day for the self-incented drilling platform in 2020.
The rate of $186,000 per day per year for semi-submarine drilling platforms is 2.7 times higher than the rate for self-enhancement platforms. We believe that the Division ' s future utilization of semi-submarine platforms is expected to increase by raising the overall daily rate, mainly for the following reasons:
The future of production is in the deep ocean. According to the energy research and commercial intelligence company, rystad, the current deep-water oil and gas deficit balance is already lower than that of shale oil in the United States, and the number of offshore hydrocarbon development projects is expected to reach 592 between 2021 and 2025, a significant increase from 355 between 2016 and 2020.
The company's deep-sea drilling technology is becoming more sophisticated, and after many years of technological closure and autonomous innovation, the company's development challenges in the fields of water, high temperature, and high pressure have led to a set of technology systems for exploration and exploitation of deep-water oil and gas resources. For example, in exploration and development of deep-water 17-2 deep-water atmospheric fields in the mausoleum, seismic data processing has been developed on its own initiative.
The complex techniques of decomposition of multiple waves have resulted in a set of techniques for the establishment of shallow water -- slope reflux -- deep water velocity fields, which have provided basic information support for the exploration of mausoleum pits; in terms of the technology for the installation of the first domestic set of electric-removed wells, the preparation and self-researching of the cement head of deep-water reinforced wells have been put into use successively to demonstrate to the world the state of our high-end solid wells.
4.1 Capital expenditure to protect domestic operations, since China ' s oil dominates domestic marine oil and gas exploration and development, companies are the largest in the ocean.
The top five customers, based on sales by their major customers, contribute 85-90% to the performance of China Sea oil uniforms, while China Sea oil accounts for 70-80% of the company’s revenue, so whether China Sea oil’s capital expenditure increases will have a greater impact on the company’s performance.
Given the relationship between oil prices and capital spending over the past few years, the warming of oil prices will drive China’s continued increase in capital spending on oil. – After 2014, international crude oil prices have fallen from historical highs, companies have reduced their plans for future oil production in a comprehensive manner, and capital spending on exploration and development and production has been reduced, making investment in exploration and development in 2015-2016 the same way.
Despite the impact of the epidemic, investment fell in 2020, but under China Sea Oil ' s 2021 business plan, the total budget of this expenditure amounted to RMB 90-100 billion, up 13-26% from the previous year, of which the increase in exploration and development expenditures for China Sea Oil is crucial to the country ' s energy security from a longer cycle.
The development of conventional oil fields in the interior has entered a decline in the development life cycle, and marine oil and gas have become the main source of production for the future increase in reserves. According to the China Ocean Oil and Oil National Exploration and Exploitation Plan of Action for the Future, published in 2019, the exploration workload and the discovery of oil reserves in mid-2025
The doubling of the volume has provided a strong support for sustaining the company ' s long-term workload. Figure 25: Capital expenditures on oil exploration and development in the middle of the year (billions) 4.2 Strategic layouts have contributed to the growth of offshore operations in recent years
The company has a well-developed global service network, covering over 40 countries and regions, with long-standing and stable customer relationships with the oil giants of China, China, petrochemicals, and major international oil companies, such as Confi, Dadal. According to the company’s plan, the future will revolve around Asia-Pacific, the Middle East, the Far East, Europe, the Americas, and Africa.
From the point of view of market occupancy, prior overseas development relied mainly on more competitive boreholes, exploration plates, and so on, and global market holdings of less than 5% were seriously incompatible with the company’s leading position. In our view, the company’s future market share is expected to rise in the context of industry shuffling and the upgrading of autonomous technology.
Drilling plates will continue to benefit from last year’s industry shuffling. In 2020, the global epidemic triggered a sharp drop in oil prices, a massive cancellation of the global marine drilling contract, and idle installations and personnel placed a huge operating burden on the industry, leading to the international ocean drilling platform diamondoffshoredilling, noblecorpation, valaris.
The company has been declared bankrupt, and with the backlash of its domestic operations, the number of operating and managing drilling platforms increased by three to 57 in 2020, rising to the top of the world, promising to capture more markets in the future, upgrading the technical services section, which is largely the result of the upgrading of autonomous technology, and will become more involved in international bidding in the future.
Limitations on access to equipment and other factors often limit the availability of some of the imported advanced tools for bidding in the international market. 70 new revenue contracts are signed each year, covering a number of technical services, including new access to offshore cable surveying services in Asian and Pacific, Middle East and American cities, offshore production-enhancing equipment and operations services, offshore construction services, land
The company’s technical services have been recognized by a number of international clients in the area of operation. 5. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
Building on its technical advantages, the Division is expected to increase its participation in international bidding in the future by acquiring new and additional projects in such markets as Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East, and the Americas, such as maritime production-enhancing operations services, and offshore well-fixing engineering services. The expected rate of growth over the next three years is a well-drilling block: the number of days of operation of the China-China oil rig is expected to continue to rise as international oil prices continue to rise.
At the same time, the company expanded in reverse during last year’s industry shuffling, and the number of operating and managing drilling platforms jumped to the top in the world, with great potential for growth in the future. Operations are expected to increase by 6%, 13%, and 13% over the next three years.
As exploration and development projects increase, the ship service plate is expected to grow in space. In the next three years, the growth rate is expected to be 5%, 13%, and 13%.
The increase in the number of projects will yield a steady return on the survey plate. For the next three years, a 5% increase in revenue is expected. Given the course of the company and its main business, we have selected petrochemicals, Jerry's shares, sea oil industry, sea oil development, and four listed companies as comparable companies.
Other companies in the industry have a clear technological and cost advantage, so companies should enjoy a certain premium on valuation. Reference to the average value of companies in the industry, we consider it reasonable to give companies a 27-fold market gain in 2021, corresponding to an increase in the cost of oil capital and the expansion of their overseas operations, and there is still much room for growth in the company’s performance, covering it for the first time.
The risk of a sharp fall in international oil prices and the direct impact of market demand on oil prices on oil companies. If oil prices continue to be depressed, they may affect oil and gas companies’ investment in exploration and development, creating adverse risks for companies’ operations, increased competition in the industry, the gradual liberalization of domestic oil and gas exploration powers, and the exposure of the oil and gas industry to State, private and foreign companies
With operational flexibility and market-based mechanisms, private enterprises have become more competitive, and more and more private enterprises have become involved in the garment industry, and competition in the industry has intensified. The risks of natural disasters such as typhoons and tsunamis have led to heavy operations in the marine environment, which is harsh.
For example, typhoons, tsunamis, sea ice, etc., can have a negative impact on the normal conduct of maritime operations, and can cause serious damage to company property and people. Pollution risks from crude oil spills, offshore oil and gas exploitation have a certain risk of leakage, and companies have obtained it as required.
Safety of production permits for related operations and a series of safety of production management systems have been developed in accordance with industry standards and actual production performance, but there is still a risk of safety of production accidents, which may lead to company production that has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.