A single-quarter increase in non-performance was doubled, and the profit rate continued to rise. On 16 October 2022, the increase was 40.55 per cent in the same year; the deduction was $373 million in net profit from non-return to the mother, an increase of 59.06 per cent in the same year.
\triangleright \triangleright \tweep net profit of a company is up by 50%; net profit of a company is up by 145% on a year-on-year basis. At the same time, the company is upped by a profit margin of 9% net profit/income of a company, up from the same period last year.
According to corporate disclosure, good performance has been maintained, mainly as a result of the company ' s continued focus on the production and operation of its main business and its commitment to providing high-quality services to clients, increasing investment in research and development, enhancing the development and quality of new products, and increasing profitability by expanding the market in all its aspects.
The core business continues to bear fruit, and the new capital core is expected to benefit from policy gains. \triangleright 1) The “East West” policy continues to advance, and companies are actively responding to policy trends such as “East West.”
The Eco-level Integrated Large Data Centre programme can reduce the pue value of the computing facility to 1.04 while advancing the number.
2) Storage becomes a new dynamic for growth. In terms of storage products, companies provide users with solutions that include distributed files, distributed blocks, etc. The products are designed to meet the need for large-scale isomer data storage and management and are expected to be an important contribution to the construction of the domestic data centre industry.
3) Traditional business is gradually moving towards a high-morigin chain, which provides an important basis for increasing profit margins.
Continuous upgrade of the 2022/08/16 bios and bmc code architecture, development of Bios start-up solids and bmc remote tubes to support national processors.
The company is given the opportunity to revalue its core assets. The shift from a traditional model to a relatively high profit margin has become the weight of the company’s rising profitability - 2022/06/23.
The company is actively involved in re-evaluations in agriculture, meteorology, transport, emergency response, government, etc.: profit margins continue to be optimized, digital intelligence in high-growth areas is upgraded and projects are already on the ground.
Certification of 2022/04/28 Investment proposal: a company that is a domestic innovation, super-counting, new capital leader and is expected to benefit from the focus \triangleright
The growth rate of non-performance is close to 50 per cent, and the long-term growth of the CBSC leader is likely to increase, while the growth of the industry's innovation continues to maintain market advantage in such operations as extra-counting and policy trends such as “East-West accounting” - 2022/04/15
The benefits will continue to accrue. With the company’s performance in the previous three quarters growing at a high rate, a small adjustment profit forecast, prev. Middle East Sungwang (603019) 2021: 40% of non-performance growth, leading the industry’s innovation strategy.
21x, 16x, and 13x, respectively, maintain a “recommended” rating. Methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.