• 27 October 2022
18 per cent; net profit attributable to mother, $171 million, a 50 per cent increase in the same year; net profit withheld from parent (upped, mainly 1) companies continue to expand their markets and the quality of high-end computer operations improves; 2) under the banner  excess profit expected in the first three quarters of sealight information: sealight information 2,022q1-q3 achieved revenues of 3,822 million
Dollars, 181% increase in the same year; net profit on the return of the mother, 652 million yuan, 42% increase in the same year; net profit on the deduction of the non-return of the mother, 604 million yuan, 645% increase in the same year.
Il, the sealight information supermarket is expected. The X86 directive is the best for eco-support in the industry. Sealight is the country's scarce X86-authorized manufacturer, with performance and compatibility in the first echelon, and will benefit from the rapid advance of industry's trust. We expect the sea light message to be more than 5 billion in 2022.
In the future, as sea light information becomes more profitable, it is expected to be rated as: performance is higher than expected, business quality continues to increase the return on investment in China and China.
▪ Continuously leading arithmetic markets: according to the 2022 billion Euro think tank study on the development of the market for arithmetic services in China 2022, dawn light computing services (operated by dawn light and intelligence) won first place in terms of their combined value, and corporate intelligence skills were recognized by the market.
Quarterly review of China's first national report, launched jointly with the Beijing International Big Data Exchange, China Telecommunications and China, in 2022: slightly over-expected performance, running a business.
Launch of the Integrated Arithmetic Transaction Control Platform, Arithmetic Service Platform, based on “Arithmetic Available, Controllable, Measurable”, which integrates distributed resources such as arithmetic, storage, network and data throughout the country, marks the flow of numeracy transactions, plus
The technological barriers to high-end computer operations in companies are high, and as the 14th Five-Year New Capital and the East-West Calculus project further land, it is expected to continue to lead the computing market.  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We maintain the company’s 2022-2024 ps projection
With high growth, we look forward to the development of the company as the leader of the industry in the new capital market, and we hope to benefit fully from the industry’s innovations and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board