We're talking about the speed up of the extraction capacity building for the benefit of the minischengsecurities.
\triangleright item. On 3 August, the National Electricity Network indicated that it would do its utmost to invest in grid expansion, to speed up the construction of superpressures, pumping capacity, superpressures, etc., and that the total investment in ongoing projects over the year would exceed trillion yuan.
By the end of the year, a large number of major projects are expected to start, totalling $41.9 billion, of which 110 are dry-volved and above and 1,173 pumping storage stations. The total investment in the construction of the project is expected to be at an all-time high of $1.3 trillion, leading to more investment in upstream and downstream industries.
Policy-driven, pumping energy is growing faster. The extraction capacity is dominated by existing storage technologies, with advantages such as high capacity, high reliability, high value for money, and \triangleright technological maturity.
Issuance of the Opinion on Further Improvement of the Facility for the Development of the Price of Pumping Energy, which specifies that the internal rate of return on capital money is approved at 6.5 per cent for the duration of the plant’s operation and that the facilitation of the price transfer mechanism will help drive the development of the industry.
The trend towards a significant increase in the model is to double the total volume of pumping capacity in 2025 to over 62 million kW; by 2030, the total size of pumping capacity in 2030 to be one more than in the 14th of May.
China’s electricity supply is a tap for pumping capacity, with more than 80% of the country’s large- and medium-sized hydroelectric plants planned and over 65% constructed, and accounts for more than 50% of the world’s large, medium-sized hydropower production market. On the order structure, a rapid increase in photovoltaic and storage energy orders was observed in 2021.7
On 29 September, the report on the feasibility study for the construction of a total pumping plant in Chongqing Yunyang was approved as one of the priority implementation projects of the 14th Five-Year National Plan for Pumping Energy with a total installed capacity of 1.2 million kilowatts, with an expected annual capacity of about 925 million degrees of electricity generated by the power plant, which will save the amount of coal that is the target for the generation of electricity each year.
256,000 tonnes, reducing CO2 emissions by 650,000 tonnes and SO2 by 16,000 tonnes. Corporate orders remain high \triangleright water storage + capital year and “recommended” ratings are maintained.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.