China Power (601669.sh)
In the first six months of the year, the number of new contracts signed by the company accelerated.
In the first six months of this year, the country's major power-generating enterprise, the power industry, completed the investment of $215.58 billion, an increase of 14.0 per cent, compared to January-May.
The rate of increase is 8.3 pct. Of this amount, 63.1 billion yuan was spent on solar power, an increase of 283.6 per cent, and 19.5 billion yuan was spent on grid engineering, and a package of policy measures to stabilize the economy was set out in the package of measures to promote the implementation of a set of measures to stabilize the economy.
The energy project, which promotes the implementation of major projects in the energy sector, which are basically in a position to start this year, is expected to continue at a high rate of investment in electricity and grid engineering throughout the year.
According to the report, this year the national investment in water construction will exceed $800 billion, reach $1 trillion, and 757.6 billion in 2021. This year, the investment in water construction is expected to increase by 32%.
Global capacity and performance (planning, design, construction, etc.) is in the forefront. This year, investments in water and energy power have increased rapidly, leading to faster growth of power companies.
The Medium- and Long-term Development Plan for Pumping Energy (2021-2035) proposes that by 2025, the total capacity for pumping water will be over 62 million kilowatts and by 2030 to 120 million kilowatts.
A preliminary analysis shows that the pumping capacity of 14 million kW can be installed at an authorized capacity of 270 million kW, with a total investment of 1.6 trillion kW. With the increase in the share of new energy generation, to address the instability of new energy generation, as a storage system for the associated storage capacity, pumping water
The amount of the contract for the company’s pumping power plant operation in 2021 commits itself to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or observations.
A third in the construction industry.