A significant increase in profitability due to the bright performance of the wealth management and investment industry Events: 3-quarterly report of 2021 published by the stockbrokers and 12,078 million securities (601.878) collected in the first three quarters of 2021
Wang Qing Dynasty has performed well in wealth management, supporting the company’s increased profitability. In the first three quarters, the market traded an average of billions of dollars a day, +42.10 per cent a year, well above the average increase in the previous three quarters.
By the end of the third quarter, public fund-raising was 23,98 billion yuan, an increase of 76 per cent over the previous quarter, with companies with high-quality investment teams, strong control over clients’ assets, professional financial product selection systems, customer investment experience and management of clients’ assets.
With a virtuous circle of scale growth, the company will benefit fully from the high rate of public and private fund-raising, and revenue from wealth management is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in 2021.
Investment performance has grown steadily, with year-round performance. Companies achieved 9.01 per cent growth in the first three quarters compared to their investment income, with market share rising from 0.66 per cent to 0.73 per cent in the same period last year; re-emerged.
In Jiang Province, where enterprises are rich in resources, companies have a strong demand for capital market financing for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) for long-term company support, corporate bond teams are highly recognized in terms of service awareness and professionalism by municipalities and business clients in the interior of the province, the advantages of intra-departmental investments are evident, and the performance of companies is expected to increase at a high rate throughout the year.
7 billion can be transferred to replenish operating capital, and investment and credit operations will develop robustly. In the first three quarters, the company achieved investment revenue of 1,414 million yuan, an increase of 32.26 per cent over the previous three quarters, with net interest income of 3.5 billion for investment and trading, $3 billion for capital intermediation, and heavy capital for the company.
Business is expected to benefit from a sound growth in capital replenishment.
Well, itd rich, well-positioned corporate investment, wealth management, and the company's profitability.
A qualitative leap will be made with the contribution of revenue from wealth management operations. We expect that the company’s fees and commission revenues will be valued at 20 times the value of brokering, wealth management, investment and capital management operations and 1.7 times the value of heavy asset operations (credit and investment operations).
Wang Xing Dynasty, Master, Graduated from International Finance Studies at the University of Duren Enterprises, United Kingdom, has served as Deputy General Manager of Naval Capital Leasing and General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Business, and has been employed in China Xinjiang Portfolio and China Censorship. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, he was responsible for non-monetary financial researchers.
Judinin, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector
Winesch Peng, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Gangan, formerly worked at the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2021 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Sun Szew, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, University of Hong Kong, Master of Economics, April 2021, Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for small and medium-sized enterprises.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.