It's proposed to separate the Central U.S. High Machines, the engineering machine's lead, and the research assistant, Wettinger.
Keywords: # Merger Reorganization Event: The company released a plan on 5 February to divide the central high-speed aircraft for listing. The program is to distribute shares (002813.sz) to the central high-altitude shareholders, acquire 100% of the central high-altitude company's shares, and distribute them.
At a price of $23.89 per share, a matching fund is raised for no more than 35 selected investors.
As of February 2022, UCST was a listed company acquired by ICSU in February 2022, with the main smart cockpit, smart seating, intelligent assistive driving, and car connection-related products. As of February 2022, the UCSU held 61.43% of the SCM and 53.82% of the UTC.
China’s high-tech affiliates still hold the stake in technology. China’s high-level players are expected to build capital through an independent public-market platform, and to do much more, and the plates are expected to be valued.
High machines are the emerging strategic block of the Central and Central IUKS, based on the technological homogeneity of cranes, the full spectrum of corporate products, and leading the transition to electrodynamics. In recent years, the company’s high-level business has grown competitively and has stabilized in the country’s first echelons, entering a fast-release period.
There is still room for an upswing in the net interest rate of the upper-middle machine, with great potential for forward growth. ▪ The engineering and machinery industry is expected to recover in 2023, with a long line of performance expected to return to the bottom, affected by industrial cycle fluctuations, epidemics and land drags, and high costs of steel, shipping, etc., 2022
In 2022, the excavator industry sold 261,346 units, a decline of 24 per cent in the same year, with a 45 per cent decline in the same year ' s sales, a 60 per cent increase in exports and an increase in the share of exports in total sales to a quarterly report rating: o3 performances in line with expectations and gains.
In 2023, the industry as a whole returned to a warmer trend, driven by the number and exports. In the three quarters of 2022, the ability of the industry to work three-time jobs was expected to recover gradually. In 2023, the profit margin of the industry showed a recovery trend, and the profit margins of the major companies were expected to recover at the bottom.
Reporting point: Performance meets expectations, and, as you can see, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has been accredited to the Securities and Investment Advisory Board of China with the approval of the Securities and Regulatory Commission of China.