Events: ICUS published 2022, with companies achieving operating income of $41,631 million in 2022 and net profits of $1,293 million for non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a decline in comparison
The decline in performance was mainly due to the disruption of the start of infrastructure projects affected by the epidemic, the weakening of the real estate sector and the reduced demand for engineering machinery. In addition, high price shocks, such as raw materials and maritime transport, resulted in cost pressures. As the impact of the epidemic weakened, the downstream industry recovered and domestic demand recovered.
Diversified product layouts, excavators, and high-capacity operations. Diversified company product layouts, concrete, machinery, engineering, and construction cranes are becoming more competitive, with the share of the city remaining the top three in the industry.
The agricultural machinery followed the strategy of “deep-in-crowding, transformational fluids” and completed the “double-headquarters” project, focusing on the development of new products and the development of product lines, folding them into an initial system of smart-growing products, and accelerating the development of agricultural machinery and smart agricultural plates.
The share is 8.43% and 11.04% respectively. The company’s large tonnage excavator products are reliable, intelligent and technologically advanced, and the quality of its operations continues to improve.
The remaining countries and regions will complete the certification of new overseas market products in 2023, accelerate the internationalization strategy in overseas markets, and accelerate the process of intellectual upgrading. Companies will continue to promote internationalization, localization and development strategies, creating an end-to-end, digital, localised offshore business system, 2022.
The overseas market has a high rate of innovation of $9,992 million, an increase of 72.60 per cent over the same period, an increase in the ratio of revenues to revenues, an acceleration in the intellectualization of production, a rapid transformation of research into the application of advanced intellectual technology, the fruits, the creation of smart parks, smart factories, intelligent production lines, and the continuous upgrading of the company's core.
Investment proposal: As the impact of the epidemic diminishes, the downstream industry recovers, and the company cores will decrease the number of downstream projects that start if the issuance of specific debt slows down or does not yield as much as expected.
Less, it will affect the sale of corporate products; (3) if demand for domestic corporate products in overseas markets decreases, it will lead to pressure on corporate performance; (4) if raw material prices rise significantly, corporate performance will face a relatively high level of scrutiny, “positive” investors will be fit only to use research of a risk level not higher than “medium-high” risk, and “radical” investors will be fit to use our division's categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.