Launching of a high-performance equity incentive scheme to highlight management Research Assistant Yao Jiuhua : 23 January, launch of a restrictive equity incentive scheme for 2021 to award incentives
The number of restricted shares was 2.02.1 million, with core technical (operational) staff at the date of the announcement of the draft incentive plan being the focus of this equity incentive: 247 persons were targeted for this equity incentive, including company directors, senior managers, and core technical (operational) personnel;
The total number of core technical (operational) personnel is 240, and the number of restricted shares awarded is 183.10. Staff motivation is fully mobilized, depending on the interests of core technical and business personnel, to ensure future corporate development and the achievement of business objectives.
Equity incentives highlight the high growth confidence of the performance company in its business and industry: operating income is a direct reflection of the company ' s business ownership while indirectly representing the company ' s market share, and the second net profit is a reflection of the company ' s business performance and real profitability.
150%, we believe that this equity incentive reflects more of the firm’s management’s high-growth confidence in the company’s business and industry landscape. Technology-based, market-oriented, strategic forward-looking card core competitive advantage: Tianfu communications has always been strong.
The concept of medium- and high-end market positioning and high-quality products is currently the leading provider of one-stop solution products for optical devices in the industry, with the acquisition of filiation precision, the promotion of fibre-optic array lens product layouts, and the pursuit of data centre development opportunities; and the acquisition of polar photovoltaics, product synergies, client synergies, etc.
1. Mobil Communications (300394): Industry multidimensionally pushes companies to further upgrade to provide strong technology for the High Speed Light Engines project.
The final forward-looking card-bit silicon light technology, and a competitive advantage in the field of solid light communication products. Quarterly performance is high above expectations. 2020-10-23,400g+ and silicon light.
Space 2020-08-183, Fertilize Communications (300394): M&A, Arctic Photovoltaics, Matching Business Needs, Over
Good Markets, Strategic Product Maps 2020-East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board