On February 9, 2021, the company released the award limit for the company ' s restrictive equity incentive scheme 2021, awarding 2.09 million restricted shares to the company ' s 247 incentive recipients, accounting for the announcement of the draft incentive plan.
A total of 247 persons eligible for the incentive scheme, including 5 directors and senior managers of the company, 242 core technical (operational) staff, and a stable core team through the introduction of the incentive scheme to achieve workforce benefits.
The plan’s performance test requires: 1) the same net return profit ratio between 2021 and 2023 to demonstrate firm corporate confidence in future development and to contribute to the growth of the company’s performance. Performance growth is bright, and the new business is expected to work.
The company ' s 2020 performance forecast shows the company ' s impressive performance growth, and in the future, with high demand in both the digital and telecommunications domains, the lightware industry will continue to move up, serving as the vanguard of the lightware industry, and the company ' s performance is on a high-speed growth trajectory. The industry has a high profile and has recently raised $785 million in capital.
The actions of the construction project mean that, in addition to the steady growth of the existing product lines, new operations in the field of high-end optical devices are expected to flourish and become new growth points for companies.
\triangleright ' s fast-growing performance was due in part to the company ' s completion of a 74.5 per cent equity acquisition in Suzhou Tianfu Precision Optics Ltd., a 100 per cent equity acquisition in Arctic Photoelectric (Hin Shenzhen) Ltd., which was included in the consolidated statement for the company in 2020
Positive effects of performance. Integration through extended M&As, internal delays in the development of new products, company product lines, research assistant: Fu Ningfeng, growing in abundance, growing in capacity as a one-stop platform for optical devices. In addition, Arctic photovoltaics have overseas market capital.
Source, will expand corporate client development and offshore base expansion, laying a solid foundation for corporate growth in 2021. Technology and Middle and Middle and Middle Pells valued 46 times the average in 2020, taking into account the high profile of the lightware industry and the company’s performance forecast for 2020 (300394.sz):
Growing certainty, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
Fu Jin Fei, Chief of Communication, Master of Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, 12 years of advanced farming and communication, formerly employed as China Tech Ltd., Wireless Communications Engineer, Wireless Solutions Marketing Manager, Cloud Calculator, Senior Outreach Manager, 2020 Allied People’s Security. Authors with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,