The year 2020, the annual performance of one day's freckle communications was evaluated by a high rate of growth and the company's profitability was significantly enhanced.
\triangleright expects to be attributable to net profits of shareholders of listed companies and net profit capacity after deducting non-recurring gains and losses in the year 2020.
58%, 71%, strong growth momentum, with year-on-year growth expected to be higher. This is due to the company's effective resumption of work under the epidemic; the acceleration of the global 5g network and data centre construction, which has led to the growth of multiple product lines of the company; and the Department of Public Justice's 74.5% acquisition of Su Tianfu Precision Optics Ltd. in April 2020 and the completion of the match in August 2020.
A 100% equity acquisition by Arctic Photovoltaics (Shenzhen) Ltd., which was included in the company ' s consolidated statements, has had a positive impact on the company ' s annual performance in 2020.
\triangleright's targeted growth program, which actually raised a net amount of $777 million, was used to build a high-speed light engine at the center for 5 g and more.
A high-speed high-speed engine for research and development can effectively enhance the company’s ability to compete in the field of high-end optical devices. It is hoped that the firm’s growth will be boosted by the introduction of equity incentives.
Launch of the 2021 Restricted Stock Incentives Scheme, to be awarded to more than 240 core technical (business) staff
The company completes the acquisition of shares in Suzhou Tianfu Precision Optics Ltd. and Arctic Photoelectric (Henzhen) Ltd., moving one.
The company’s product lines are enriched, the company’s internal growth widens the product lines, and the integration of mergers and acquisitions is extended to facilitate rapid enterprise development in terms of capacity and technology development. By integrating resources and technology, the company’s ability to serve as a one-stop provider of precision devices for light communication is enhanced.
Technology and Meso-Change were valued at 46 times the averagepe in 2020, and, for the first time, covered with a “recommended” rating, taking into account the high landscape of the optical instrument industry and the certainty of company growth. High-speed light engine development was not as expected, new coronary outbreaks were repeated, and trade frictions between China and the United States.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
Fu Jin Fei, Chief of Communication, Master of Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, 12 years of advanced farming and communication, formerly employed as China Tech Ltd., Wireless Communications Engineer, Wireless Solutions Marketing Manager, Cloud Calculator, Senior Outreach Manager, 2020 Allied People’s Security. Authors with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,