The year's performance was in line with expectations, the product lines were imported smoothly, the industry research assistant Yao Jiuhua incident: 25 January, the filiation communication announced the 2020 performance forecast, the 2020 filiation communication forecast.
Realization of the net return to the mother is RMB 257 million - RMB 290 million, an increase of 54-74 per cent in the same year; achievement of the q4 quarter is expected to slow down, but it has remained at a higher rate than last year: according to performance forecasts, the median value of the net return to the mother was RMB 58.72 million in the 2020o4 quarter.
The median net profit for the parent is 555.2 million yuan, with a decline of 33.41% and 32.96% for ring q3, respectively, mainly due to a slowdown in telecommunications in the fourth quarter and a slowdown in downstream demand. But, by comparison, the net profit for the parent and the net profit for the non-mortality of the q4 quarter communications increased by 45.53% and the net profit for the non-mortality of the parent, respectively.
With 56.94 per cent, a higher rate of growth than in the previous year, the company’s combined contribution to short-term performance, 5g and the data centre’s resonance logic: Tianfu communication sub’s precision and Arctic photovoltaics were achieved in May 2020 and September 2020, respectively.
With a positive impact on 2020 performance, future synergies between parent companies and subsidiaries will continue to add to corporate performance. Externally, the global 5g network and data centre build-up has accelerated the growth of multiple product lines, increasing the yield while increasing the volume of production.
Since the increase in domestic mobile data flows, 5g has steadily advanced globally and will continue to drive down-stream demand from the light module for long-term good; on the other hand, communications from the sky continue to expand production lines and harvest.
In addition, on January 20, the company will increase its production lines by integrating laser chips into high-speed light engines, silicon chips into high-speed light engines and 1, Communications (300294);
The high-performance growth equity incentive scheme highlights management's confidence in business and industry landscape.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: projected 400g+ and silicon light, based on key assumptions and recent financial statements 2020-08-18
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board