Performance continues to be positive, with equity incentives to show confidence. Tienfu communication (300394.sz) incident company issued a performance forecast for 2020, with a net return profit expected throughout the year.
The company is expected to continue to improve its performance as a leading company in the development and design of optical devices in the field of light communications.
The global 5g network and data centre construction has helped to accelerate the drive of multiple product lines to increase efficiency, further optimize product and client structures, in the same way that the volume of production has been scaled up.
At the same time, the Ministry of Information and Communications indicated that it plans to build 600,000 new 5g base stations in 2021.
Based on the depth of urban coverage above the current level, speed up the extension to the county towns where conditions exist, and synchronize the deployment of data centres and computing facilities.
The strategic and integrated layout of a product series that goes hand in hand with each other’s development is expected to generate new growth, driven by sustained policies. The acquisition of sophisticated optical and Arctic PV equity contributions has increased the synergies in the industrial chain.
In 2020, the company completed a 74.5 per cent equity acquisition of precision optical and a 100 per cent equity acquisition of optical power in the Arctic, all of which were included in the company ' s consolidated statements, with a positive impact on net profits in 2020. As a result, the company promoted PV lens
Effective synergies between array, high-end plating, optical filtering, micro-optically sophisticated components, wdm product lines, etc., and existing products, with new product lines gaining more client approvals and bindings as technocratic art matures and efficiency grows.
The stock incentive scheme is published to show confidence. The company issues the equity incentive scheme, to be awarded limited shares totalling 2.02 million shares, representing the total equity stock of the company.
Incentives include directors, senior managers and core technical operators, production staff of 1285 and technical staff of 238. The share incentive scheme is more extensive for technical staff, etc.
The performance evaluation is based on a combination of business income or net profits in 2019 and the competitiveness of the company to ensure the achievement of its development strategy and business objectives, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.