A decline in growth in the q3 quarter under the influence of a high base, steady year-round growth, sustained approval of new slurry stations: the company published a three-monthly report in 2021, and the company achieved revenue of $2.818 billion in the first three quarters of the year.
(+6.9 per cent), net return to mother ($558 million (+12.3 per cent) q3 q3 q3 q1 q1 q1 q2 q2 q3 q2 q3 net return to mother (6001) q1 q3 q2 q3 q2 q3 q2 q2 q3 = net return to mother (60016 %)
In 21 years, 15 new slurry stations (3 of which were approved in 3 quarters) are expected to receive more slurry growth, while new slurry sources continue to gain energy, with enough slurry to grow.
Fifteen slurry stations, three of which were approved in the third quarter, are located in Gansu, Hebei, Jiangsu, Lake Tianjin organisms (600161), where the performance is over-expected, north, etc. The number of company slurry stations (including substations) is now 74. New slurry stations are approved in batches.
The ability of the company to continuously expand more slurry stations is further validated by the high level of slurry source acquisition.
The struggle lies in the ability to expand plasma resources, and in the ability to access the resources of the magma station, the first-quarter performance of the planet's organisms (600161), with the advantage of other blood-producing companies.
The Young-Ann project is expected to move forward successfully, and support local governments in their efforts to combat the epidemic is an important contribution, depending on shareholder influence, and the company will be released as scheduled at the slurry stations - 2021/04/27.
The creculation factor viii has been approved, and the production of the durong will be released as scheduled, and the performance is expected to increase significantly. The gmp has been tested and the capacity will be released as scheduled. The cagulation factor viii has been approved, and it is expected that in 2021, the blood system will be released, and the production capacity will be released, as well as new products will be released.
We're looking at an increase of 280,000 tons of slurry, and we're looking at a significant increase in performance. Other varieties, recombinant cdensity factors, siltacresis, human fibres, are expected to be marketed in 2023.
q1 returns to a better, smooth market access for yellow artemisinin dropsters Investment proposals: scarce, growth-logic blood industry with clear growth paths, high level of certainty, and maintenance of a “buy-in” rating. We expect the company to return to its parent net profit in 21-23 years, respectively.
The sufficiency of new slurry stations is not as high as expected, and research and development is not as fast as expected.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.