The Sini Sanctuary brings the sky into the sky (600161.sz)
Reasons for reporting: 3-quarterly reports of steady growth in overall performance, accelerated growth in R & D and slurry station construction 6.91 per cent; net return return profit of $558 million, an increase of 12.32 per cent over the same period; achievement of a reduction
Overall performance grew steadily and profitability continued to rise. Companies achieved operating revenues of 2,818 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 6.91 per cent in the same year, and net return returns of 558 million yuan, an increase in the same performance ratio.
In terms of cost, sales costs, accelerated R & D and slurry station construction, steady corporate leadership. In terms of R & D, a number of products have progressed well. (1) Chengdu Yongsheng: human constriction factor viii successfully passed the gmp check and is about to go.
Market sales: human fibre proteins have completed clinical trials and have obtained a summary of clinical trials and are in the process of being placed on the list application stage: subjects of the fourth-generation intravenous human immune protein iii clinical trials in the country have completed their exits; subjects of the human constriction factor viiiii clinical trials have completed their integration by injection;
28th floor of Trade Center, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, human constriction factor Via is entering clinical i-test; the first home in the country to inject human immunoglobin has been approved by Chinahai International, 28th Psychiatry Street, Beijing City West Side.
Center, 7th floor, clinical. (2) Wuhan's note: covid-19 immunoprotein (ph4) has been posted in the country and in Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
The United Arab Emirates has been given access to clinical treatments; (3) the laboratory trials of the blood-celebrosis primary iii have been completed in Lanzhou. With regard to the slurry stations, the company has built 15 new slurry stations in Gansu, Hebei, etc. since this year, increasing the total number of slurry stations to 70, the industry's leader has been further strengthened, and the market share is expected to continue to rise.
> Drug safety risks; industry policy risks; research and development risks below expectations; single plasma station regulatory risks; cost escalation risks; risks of inadequate supply of raw materials; market competition risks; new coronary attitudes; independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.