On October 27, the company published its three-quarter 2021 report, which generated revenue in the first three quarters of 2021.
28.18 million yuan (+6.91 per cent) and net return to the mother ($558 million (+12.32 per cent) were realized. Performance grew robustly, with new slurry stations continuing to advance. 19.46 per cent in the third quarter, corporate income ending ring growth maintained robust growth, compared to 50.2 per cent in the previous three quarters.
The overall cost of the company was smooth, with an administrative rate of 7.52 per cent, an increase of 1.16 per cent over the same period last year, and sales. The board of directors considered the establishment of three slurry stations in Takeyama, Patang and Zhang Jiakawa, respectively, through the Wuhan blood system and the Lanzhou blood system. To date, the company has established three slurry stations in Hubei, Gansu, Hebei, Jiangsu, etc.
In the third quarter, the company's Wuhan blood system, “Silent note covid-19 immunoglobin” was issued by Npa and the United Arab Emirates, respectively.
The pharmaceutical clinical trial batch, which is a new drug such as a therapeutic bioproduct, is the world's first drug for the treatment of new coronary pneumonia specifics using a new post-immun plasma vaccine, which is currently not on the market. In addition, the company's Chengdu human celebratory factor viii has been certified as a pharmaceutical certificate.
Human constriction viii is mainly used to combat haemorrhagea and the lack of sexual coagulation viiiii, as well as surgical haemorrhaging of such patients. The company’s combined plasma use is expected to increase further in the future.
The slurry station has not expanded as expected; the new slurry station has led to an increase in capital expenditure and depreciation amortization; the build-up of capacity has not progressed as expected; industry policy risks; recurrent outbreaks; and the risk of stock-restriction.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment