Revenues are growing faster and are expected to exceed expectations by another $151 million in net profits, with a deficit of $260 million in the same period last year; $317 million in net profits from the realization of the cost of the parent deduction and the equity deduction incentive; and $193 million in losses during the same period last year.
▪ Reduce post-cyclical concerns about accelerated income growth, with a high probability of over-expected profits throughout the year: the company’s revenue grew by 38.8% in the first three quarters, exceeding the previous forecast value of 35%, and by 37.1%, effectively dissipating market concerns about post-cyclicality.
Technology upgrades and business upgrades are driven by a high degree of sustainability, rather than economic cycle. The first three quarters saw a 25.96 per cent increase in corporate operating costs, management costs, sales costs, respectively, and a net return profit of $649 million in a single quarter of the quarter, with revenue from the fourth quarter of 2018 based on current trends.
In the third quarter of the year, there were 4.46 million corporate cloud service providers, of which 32.45 million were cumulatively paying clients, an increase of 39% from the end of the 17 years. The integrated, integrated, ecological cloud development strategy made public.
The company will publish cloud products for large firms in four quarters, targeting a group of growers to mega-groups, helping them to innovate and manage their business, make a digital transition, and make a digital transition.
At the end of the spectrum, national production is replaced. The company’s cloud products for large/medium/small businesses will be complete, and 1, Friends’ Network (600588), whose income subsumes an integrated cloud development strategy.
Keeping up with high growth, three-quarters of a quarter of a season of surplus, tweaking the architecture to embrace the industry's Internet, applying the layers of Paas as a necessary arena for friends' platform, 2018-10-18.
The value of the strategy is yet to be recognized by the market: Quest officially launched a new round of overall strategic upgrades, in the form of a new version 2, Friends Network (600588), which is reported to be " Clouds and Smart Industries " (csig).
The big swings, the increase in software + cloud operations are the new starting point for the next 20 years, and the second half of the Internet is the industrial Internet, the long acceleration.
The first half provides high-quality services to users by connecting them, and the second half will help industry and consumption.
At the heart of the web ecology is the necessity of a c-substantial, new access to the industry's Internet. At the end of the day, it's profitable, software + cloud business income rings, and it's starting to locate the industry's eco-sharing platform, providing 3+2 core values: technology, data, data, etc.
The synergies between the operations under the company’s eco-strategy. For target offshore companies, the transition is recognized by the market.
After that, more than 10 times the total amount of ps and the company currently 5.4 times the number of ps, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.