Income continued to grow at a high level, with three-quarter single-quarter profits achieved on 17 October 2018: the company issued a performance forecast announcement for the first three quarters to realize a net profit of between 140 and 155 million yuan to the mother.
During the same period last year, there was a deficit of $260 million: business income is expected to grow by more than 35%.  Income growth has reduced post-cycle concerns, and input points have been profitable after three quarters of a quarter: the company’s income grew by more than 35% in the first three quarters, continuing the positive trend of the first half of the year, which is higher than the market’s current public policy.
A consistent forecast of the Division’s annual income growth rate, in which we judge that software and cloud operations are growing at a much higher rate than in the first half of the year, effectively dispelling market concerns about post-cyclicality. This cycle of the erp industry’s trust input is driven mainly by technological upgrading and business upgrading, rather than by the economic cycle.
There is a strong level of sustainability. As a result of inputs from new operations, the third quarter of 2015-2017 is a single quarter, due to rapid income growth, on the one hand, and the turning point in cloud operations, on the other, where the scale effect is beginning to manifest itself, with operating costs and costs growing at lower rates than income growth.
See, corporate revenue growth is expected to continue at a higher rate, and net profits are expected to continue to exceed market expectations. 4.2760 million corporate cloud service enterprises grew by 4.5 per cent from the end of 18q1 in the first half of the year; 2906 million customers increased by 11.9 per cent from the end of 18q1 in the meantime.
In the second half of this year, companies released cloud products for large firms, nccloud, targeting growing groups to mega-groups to help them innovate and manage their operations.
The company’s cloud products for large/medium/small businesses will be complete, reflecting once again the integrated cloud development strategy.
A huge loss, an increase in software + cloud operations, an adaptation structure that embraces the industry Internet, and an application base that uses a friend's platform to build a long acceleration.
The value of the strategy is yet to be recognized by the market: Quest officially launched a new round of overall strategic upgrades, in the form of a new version 2, Friends Network (600588), which is reported to be " Clouds and Smart Industries " (csig).
It's a new starting point for the next 20 years, with the second half of the Internet being an industrial Internet, making a profit, the first half of the software plus the cloud business income ring, and the second half providing high-quality services to users by connecting, and the second half of it will help industry and consumption.
In the future, Paas at the application level will be located in industrial interconnections,3 the use of friends networks: the cloud business will remain three.
At the heart of the web ecology is the necessity of a new c-top that enters the industry’s Internet. With the growth of friends, the cloud platform will become the main future platform for positioning industry eco-sharing, providing 3+2 core values: technology, data, data, etc.
The synergies between the operations under the corporate eco-strategy. For overseas companies, the transition is recognized by the market.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board