The cloud business continued to grow, with the first three quarters losing their performance to a gain - the third quarter of 2018 (600588), the end-of-life network reported an increase of 38.84 per cent, compared with the corresponding increase of $151 million, compared with 158 per cent, and the net profit of $127 million, respectively.
After the first half of the year, the company continued to make a profit in the first quarter of the year. The rapid growth and improvement of the quality of the company’s operations, and the company’s success in reversing the losses, became an important factor in income growth, based on steady growth in the software sector.
In terms of income, the corporate cloud service business achieved revenue of $1.303 billion, an increase of 127.7 per cent over the reporting period; The non-financial cloud service revenue increased by 186 per cent.
Good cost control and a significant improvement in the quality of business. The first three quarters had a five-year Māori ratio of 68.22 per cent, the highest for the same period; sales costs, management costs as a percentage of revenue, 20.3 per cent and 20.89 per cent, respectively, were both new and low in five years.
On the one hand, following strategic cooperation with the provinces of Hubei and other provinces, three quarters of the company has entered into a directory of local cloud service providers in Sichuan, Tianjin, Jiangxi and signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the provinces of Guizhou, Chongqing, Ningbo, etc.
On the other hand, during the reporting period, the company’s cloud platform has been online in China, China, China, etc., and has signed a new contract for large-scale pole customers, such as Trio, Green City, Ocean, South China, and Xinhua, targeting large companies.
Further enhancement of the branding effect of industrial Internet platforms and increasing cross-industry outreach capabilities \triangleright 3-quarter pilot testing project with the Ministry of Trade and Communications
50 million yuan. In conjunction with the company ' s previous selection for the Industrial Internet Innovation Development Project in the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the company has been selected on several occasions in the course of the year for national projects, with increasing influence within the industry and increased branding effects helping to attract more customers (s010116120027).
Meanwhile, during the reporting period, the company joined the regional industrial Internet union of Inner Mongolia, Guangdong Fuoshan, and signed contracts with customers in the western part of the country such as the mining industry, the Triangese Group, the Xinjiang trade, the Mingtai aluminium industry, and the Hannan electric power plant.
Equity incentives to bind core cadres and stimulate business dynamism \triangleright rating: good cloud transformation indicators, double deduction of non-performance
The company issues a stock incentive scheme in three quarters, targeting 28 key employees, stock award, 2. Users' network (600588), which is reported on a yearly basis: performance returns. Corporate cloud services and industrial Internet operations are in a fast-growing phase, with no equity incentive scheme in place.
It only shows the firm’s confidence in development and its ability to bind business cadres in line with the company’s interests, stimulate staff growth, and provide an important basis for the continued healthy development of the company’s cloud business. 53x and 40x. The company is the leading company in the field of erp and software cloudization, the rapid development of the cloud business, cloud computing, industry.
Co-operation with local governments has fallen short of expectations; competition patterns have worsened. Hu Sam, Master of Finance, University of Foreign Economy and Trade, joined the civil security portfolio in July 2011, with many years of research experience in the media Internet industry.
Guo Xinyu, research assistant in the civil security computer industry, Master of Financial Sciences, Clark University, joined the Institute of Civil Securities in 2016. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial, and the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.