Friends Network (600588); three fees improved significantly, cloud services maintained a high rate of growth Events: before the third quarter of 2018, companies collected $4,548 million, an increase of 38.8 per cent over the same period; Mothers' net profit was $151 million, a loss of $260 million over the same period last year; Deductions were net of the mother
In the third quarter of the year, the company collected $4,548 million, an increase of 38.8 per cent over the previous three quarters, exceeding market expectations.
Cloud services (non-financial clouds) generated $348 million, an increase of 186 per cent in the same year: software receipts, company basics (latest) $1 billion, an increase of 117 per cent in the same year. Cloud services and financial operations grew rapidly, driving the public.
• Increased R & D investment, with a significant improvement in the cost rate over the period. The company accumulated R & D investment in the last three quarters of the year, an increase of 14.7 per cent over the previous three quarters, and R & D investment accounted for 21.4 per cent of the total R & D investment, 526 million yuan.
The company's three fees are well controlled, with sales, management and financial costs falling by 4.97, 25.91 and 3.25 percentage points, respectively, compared to the same period last year.
The rate of renewal of the cloud service has steadily increased. The company’s cloud services have gone hand in hand: Paas earned 95 million yuan, an increase of 233.2 per cent over the same period: Saas earned 181 million yuan, an increase of 210.9 per cent over the same period; Baas earned 68 million yuan, the same amount.
Thirty-two hundred and forty-five thousand payers, of whom sixty-two thousand payers, have increased on a year-on-year basis: 60 per cent renewal rate for cloud services in large and medium-sized enterprises; continuation of cloud services in small and medium-sized enterprises; and promotion of the digital transformation of enterprises around cloud platforms.
Provision of Paas+saas+baas+daas services for enterprises and public organizations in various sectors. This includes: 1) Corporations provide uniform digitization by publishing products such as 3.5.1, and the iupapaas base platform, iuap development + application platform 3.5.2
(ii) The Tomonaga platform has been used to connect third-party applications and eco-partners to China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
The Smart Industry Clouds platform actively promotes the digital transformation of industrial enterprises, strengthening cooperation with local governments, and promoting and supporting local industrial enterprises.
The company is listed as a pool of local cloud service providers in Sichuan, Tianjin and Jiangxi.
Growth is over-expected, and costs are well controlled, keeping in view the long-term growth of the company. Maintains the public department’s “prudentially recommended” rating. Xu Peng: Master of Engineering, joined in June 2013 with Chinese securities.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.