The lithium industry: integrated and synergetic development cuts across the whole industry chain Events: companies published three quarterly reports in 2022, which generated business income of $27,612 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 291.45 per cent, a net return to the mother of $14,795 million, an increase of 498,31 per cent;
The volume price has risen, and the company ' s performance of 2022q3 has increased significantly in the same year.
Production and prices have increased rapidly. 2022q3 domestic battery-grade lithium carbonate, battery-grade lithium hydroxide, at an average price of 49.24 million yuan per tonne, 4909 million yuan per tonne, +324.12 per cent, respectively. Companies are steadily developing their resources by increasing their resource controls.
The distribution of the surrounding lithium resources in Australia, Argentina, Ireland, Mexico, the Lithium Industry: 21 winds, thick hairs, Mali and my country, Qinghai, Jiangxi, etc., took control of a number of high-quality lithium resources and formed stability.
(2021.11.15) Fixed, high quality, diversified raw material supply system. In July 2022, the company acquired Lithea Lithium Industry: q4 performed above expectations.
100 per cent of the company ' s shares, and the main asset appg project under Lithea is the Lithium Salt Lake project in the department of Salta in Argentina (2022.01.25), including two lithium salts: Pozuelos and PastosGrandes
The lithium industry: q1 performed at the same time as lithium prices. The ppg project currently holds 25 completed mining/exploration licences, and the ppg project plans an annual production capacity of 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate, depending on the location of the project.
(2022.04.27) Depending on resource conditions, the capacity to produce 50,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year could be expanded.
In August 2022, the public division placed the battery in Jiangxi's annual production, based on market demand and long-term orders.
The scale of construction of the 5gwh new lithium battery project was raised to 10 gwh per year, and the scale of construction of the 10 gwh new lithium battery technology park and the Advanced Battery Research Institute project was increased to 20 gwh per year in the Qingqing Xinjiang district; and it was agreed that it would cost up to RMB 3.5 billion in self-financing.
Investing in the construction of a new lithium battery production project with an annual production capacity of 6gwhh; agreeing with the new surplus of Lithium Electronics Company, the new lithium source battery company Ltd., with its own capital not exceeding RMB 2 billion for the construction year, producing 2 billion small polymer lithium batteries.
A vertically integrated business model that actively builds industrial ecological chains up and down.
\triangleright Upstream Resource Development, Midstream Lithium Salt Deep Processing and Metal Lithium Smelting, Downstream Lithium Battery Manufacturing and Decommissioned Lithium Batteries Integrated Recycling, Operational Blocks Co-developing to Enhance Corporate Combining
In August 2022, the company signed with Hiromoyan New Energy Motors Co. Ltd., Strategic Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., Ltd.
Cooperation agreement between the two parties to establish a long-term strategic cooperation between the two sides, from the top of the new energy-powered battery, from the upper end of the upper end of the upper end of the building of 9th Altitude Street in Beijing City West Side, to the ongoing exploration of lithium resource development, deep processing of lithium salt in the middle and scrapping.
In-depth cooperation at all levels of integrated battery recycling will bring sustainable value and win-win results. In September 2022, the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement and a Project Investment Cooperation Agreement between the two sides to establish long-term, stable and close upstream and downstream approaches to the new energy industry.
A comprehensive strategic partnership to achieve win-win development through in-depth cooperation in the supply of lithium salt products, the supply of lithium phosphate orthode products, investment in industry and project operations, and research and development in the field of new lithium salt; joint investment in joint ventures and the creation of new years as the backbone of joint ventures
The rate of increase in the supply of lithium silicon is constrained by the pace of resource development, and lithium prices are expected to continue at high levels in 2023. Large-scale capital spending on this round of global lithium mines started in 2021, with about capacity.
The rate will begin to be concentrated in 2023, but given objective factors such as overseas epidemics, short-lived labour and equipment, life cycle, product certification, etc., we don't expect the initial amount of the product to be used on batteries. Add to the strong demand for new energy vehicles and storage.
Lithium prices are expected to remain high in 2023. Progress on the Lithium salt and lithium resource project and the expansion of lithium batteries, while maintaining a “buy-in” rating for companies in the area of downstream new energy vehicles, continues.
Risk factors: Lithium resource mining is not as large as expected; new energy automobile sales are not growing as expected; lithium prices are highly volatile; Chen Guanghui, M.A. Metallurgical Engineering, University of China and South China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in August 2022 for battery metal-related research.
Rainbow, George Washington University, Master of Finance, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for research on precious metals and small metals. White Purple, Jilin University, Master of Regional Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021 for research on new sources of metals such as light metals such as thorium and lithium cobalt.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.