The lithium industry, q3 lithium salt, sold for the future, the whole industry chain, published a three-monthly report in 2022, making a profit of $14.8 billion in the previous three quarters.
Accomplishments, expanding production capacity, improving business layout and product matrix, and maintaining an increased rating.  498.31% increase in profits in the first three quarters of 2022 compared to the previous quarter, meeting expectations: the company continued to sell the lithium salt in 2022, and the resource layout went to the next city: the company increased the sales ring for lithium salt in the third quarter of 2022.
The company announced on October 13, 2022 that it had completed the purchase of 100% of Lithea’s shares, which are now 100% of Lithea’s shares.
The main assets under the umbrella of the ppg project include the assets of two salt lakes, Pozuelos and Pastosgrandes, with a total resource of approximately 11.06 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent. Currently, the ppg project plans to produce 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity per year, which could be expanded to 50,000 tons of lithium carbonate, depending on the resources available.
Longitudinal extension-coded battery operations, with a continuous refinement of the product operations matrix: the company announced on 31 August 2022 that it would build a new 6gwh lithium battery project and 2 billion small polymer lithium battery projects, and raise the annual capacity of the new remaining and Chongqing lithium battery to 10 gwh, 20gwh; 2 September
The announcement was made on 29 September that the project “200,000 tons of dihydrium phosphate integration” would be established in cooperation with the elites, and that the project for the production of 30 gww new lithium batteries and 7,000 tons of lithium and lithium metal would be built together with the Government of IYP; further construction from lithium resources and lithium batteries would be carried out through the implementation of the above projects and the cooperative companies.
At the market price of 2 November 2022, the material went to the whole industry chain of lithium battery manufacturing and recycling, creating a new performance growth point.
Project delivery is not as expected; overseas operations and exchange rate risks; the impact of the new crown epidemic is more than anticipated; and the new talent, Lithium: resource-end advantages are increasing and the needs of the lithium battery industry are less than expected; price competition is more than anticipated; and policies are less than expected.
"Acceleration of the situation" 20220903 S.H.I.E.L.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.