Investment ratings: buy-in (maintenance) q-valued upscaling and significant growth in corporate performance
During the reporting period, the growth in the company's business performance was mainly due to sales of lithium products and rising prices.
The average cost of lithium is 51.56 million yuan per ton, the ring ratio + 9.39 per cent, the average price of lithium carbonate in batteries is 53.87 million yuan per ton, the average price of lithium q3 hydroxide + 9.34 per cent, and the average price of lithium hydroxide + 4.73 per cent.
During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the company deployed the construction of the 5gwh new lithium cell project to 10 gwh per year in the Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Xin District.
The construction model of the new lithium battery technology park and the Advanced Battery Research Institute project, which produced 10 gwhh per year, was raised to 20 gwh per year: investment in the construction of a new lithium battery production project, which produced 6 gwh per year, and a 2 billion small polymer lithium battery project.
• Acquisition of lithea, expansion of the stock of high-quality resources The company acquired Lithea internationally through its subsidiaries, with a 100% shareholding.
Two lithium salt lake assets, with 25 mining and exploration licences. The project is currently planned to produce 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year. Depending on the natural resources of the project site, it can be expanded to include strategic cooperation and continuous improvement of the industrial chain layout.
The company places emphasis on working with a wide range of partners to enhance synergies to better improve the layout of the industrial chain. 1) The Ministry has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Government of IYechun, which will take advantage of each other ' s strengths to build a whole-of-industry chain system from the development of lithium resources to lithium materials, new lithium batteries and battery applications. 2)
The company has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Hiromoyan to establish a long-term strategic partnership between the company and the top end of the new energy power cell, which will continue to explore further cooperation at all levels of lithium resource development, middle- and middle-water lithium salt, deep processing and integrated recycling of used and end-of-life batteries. 3) The company is working with Shinyang Fu.
The company also signed an investment with the People's Government of Tyakfung County.
2. High profile of beneficiary industries, lead performance agreement for lithium industry, proposed investment in a combined-use project for the production of 6 million tons annually of lithium mine and 50,000 tons of electricity per year 3. Sustained deepening of the industrial chain layout and acceleration of performance
This report is presented independently and objectively, using data and information from open market information that I have used for this purpose.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.