Performance is warming in tandem with the industry, and profitability has increased significantly.
The performance has improved with the industry, giving priority to overseas layouts and acquisitions. According to the National Bureau of Statistics, in 2025, Zhao Liang Bing's total aggregates were positive on a year-to-year basis, and according to the Chinese Iron and Steel Industry Association, 2025 q3 of the national steel price index.
Overall planning was carried out in line with the construction of the whole-industry chain of steel biosphere “Resources + Distribution + R & D Centre.” In July 2025, the Central Finance and Economics Commission held its sixth meeting, which emphasized the need to further advance the country's unified and larger markets, to manage low-priced competition, to guide enterprises in improving the quality of their products and to promote an orderly exit from backward production capacity.
In the first half of 2025, the company’s internal share of the business income of the special seamless steel tubes continued to rise, with high temperature corrosion-resistant alloys, high steel, special stainless steel products sold at the same rate as +5%.
The market undertook an in-depth examination and systematic validation of steel projects in South-East Asia, the Middle East, North America, Europe and South America and Australia's resource lines, identifying “M&A priorities, follow-up, small, large and secure implementation strategies” and selecting priority projects for positive progress.
Profitability has increased significantly, and the ai has reduced efficiency gains. The sales of Māori by 2025q1-q3 companies, Mr. Māori, pointed out at the 14th China International Steel Congress, that the company has a relatively deep 300-percent performance based on the construction of a full-flow smart factory.
The ability to customize services in high-end areas such as aerospace, new energy equipment, etc. is being enhanced by reducing product defects by 45% using the iQM model, reducing the research and development cycle of high-end bearing steel by 30% through digital binary technology.
Life cycle quality control, production and sale of high performance bearing steel elite smart plants, big smelting steel "special high-precision, seamless steel pipe-smart smart factories", Yangzhou special "`Industrial Imaging Plus Networking Dynamic Perceptions" - "Mechanical Models+Knowledge Diagnosis of the Knowledge Bank" - "Big Data+Mechanical Learning for Optimizing Decision-making"
The company is expected to take the lead as the company’s leading steel leader in 1. [Galactic Steel].
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.