A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Goertek (002241 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Strong VR momentum into 2H22E; Maintain BUY
Target Price
RMB48.0
(Previous TP
RMB46.9)
Up/Downside
+58.0%
Goertek posted strong 1Q22 revenue/recurring NP growth of 43%/46% YoY, in-
Current Price
RMB30.39
line with its preliminary results, mainly driven by 125% YoY growth in smart
product segment, such as VR (Quest 2) and gaming console (PS 5), in our view.
China Technology Sector
Also, Goertek released upbeat 1H22 profit alert of 20-40% YoY growth, which
implies 2Q22 NP of RMB1.18-1.52bn, up 54-99% YoY. Looking into 2H22E, we
Alex Ng
believe Goertek growth momentum will continue with multiple product launches
from new-gen AirPods, Quest 2 Pro and PS VR2. Overall, we expect Goertek's
earnings to grow 33%/21% in FY22/23E, backed by 62%/26% growth in smart
product segment (VR, gaming console, smart watch). We believe recent pullback
provides good buying opportunity (17.7x FY22E P/E), given its solid product
Stock Data
roadmap and high earnings visibility in AR/VR and gaming console biz. Maintain
BUY and raised TP to RMB48.0, based on rollover 28x FY22E P/E (7-yr hist avg).
Strong 1Q22 on strong VR and gaming console product cycle. Goertek
reported solid 1Q22 results with revenue/recurring NP of RMB20.1bn/878mn,
up 43%/46% YoY, in-line with its preview earlier. We attribute it to 1) AirPods
recovery with product launch in 2H21, 2) stronger VR products (Oculus Quest
Shareholding Structure
2), and 3) share gain in gaming console client (PS 5). For 1H22E, company
NP growth of 59-99% YoY, with mid-point 33% above consensus estimate.
Source: Bloomberg
We think the profit alert alleviated market concerns on AirPods weakness,
COVID-19 impact and VR momentum in 2022.
Share Performance
■ 2022 Outlook: AR/VR and gaming console as dual growth engines. We
estimate AirPods shipment will rebound with 13%/6% YoY to 88mn/93mn in
FY22/23E, and Goertek will maintain at 43% share allocation. In addition, we
believe Goertek VR/AR and gaming segment will become major growth driver
Source: Bloomberg
(51% of FY22E sales), which will grow at 62%/26% YoY in FY22/23E, backed
12-mth Price Performance
by new product cycle from Oculus Quest 2 Pro and Sony PS VR 2 in 2H22E,
as well as share gain in Sony PS 5.
Reiterate BUY and raised TP to RMB48.0 We revised up our FY22-23E EPS
to reflect upbeat 1H22 outlook and stronger momentum in VR/gaming console.
Our new TP of RMB48.0 is based on rollover 28x FY22E P/E (vs prior 35x
FY21E P/E), based on 7-year hist. avg P/E. We believe recent correction
offers good opportunity to accumulate the stock.
Earnings Summary
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: Ruihua
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
1Q22 results review
Earnings Revision
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 3: Revenue breakdown
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Valuation
Maintain BUY with new TP of RMB48.0 (58% upside)
Our new TP of RMB48.0 is based on rollover 28x FY22E P/E (vs 35x FY21E P/E prior).
Following recent correction on concerns over demand weakness, we think the stock is
attractive at 17.7x FY22E P/E, given 21% FY22-24E EPS CAGR, strong earnings visibility
and improving ROE.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates, * under review
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does
not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors
to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its
affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or
enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss,
damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information
contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information,
advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information
and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make
investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf
of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in
this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume
any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or
published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.