Wally Group (300.979): Clients are well structured and able to grow well and perform well.
In the first three quarters, business income increased by 22.57 per cent: net return to the mother increased by 31.46 per cent, net profit to the mother increased by $707 million, or 30.15 per cent.
For nike, converse, vans, puma, and ug, a slight increase over the first half of the year, with a single-quarter net interest rate of 15.91%, the higher position will continue to be maintained.
The company’s dollar-calibre income increased by 32% in the first three quarters, and services were provided. The company split up at volume prices in Viet Nam, China, Dominica, Myanmar, and sold about 153 million double yoys + 30% in the first three quarters, with the asp rising by about 2%.
There are 20 shoe-making plants in Dian and elsewhere, which are the world’s most specialized sports shoes with a small output of more than 100 million pairs of shoes, and the product upgrades are continuing.
Deckers are one of the top two clients (35 per cent and 22 per cent, respectively), with growth rates of 39 per cent and 58 per cent, respectively, which are much higher than the growth of the company as a whole and contribute the most.
The growth rate is about 44%, with large clients Nike and deeckers growing at about 79% and 40%, up from the first half of the year. The company’s major downstream customers sell well, and the company is full of high-quality factory orders.
The share of major clients continues to rise, contributing to the highest volume of orders and to the further release of the firm’s scale effect.
On the part of new clients, there is a strong willingness to work together, and the amount of cooperation is currently small, but future orders are ready. The main clients have a high level of motivation, and future firm orders are expected to remain relatively full, and production is expected to continue at an increasing rate next year.
In a state of energy stress, Wally is not affected because of his geographical position and his company’s ability to control the epidemic. The company’s demand is too saturated, mainly by increasing production lines from existing plants.
The production is expected to continue at a relatively high rate next year. Profit levels remain high, and the industry continues to run.
At a high level, Māori rates are affected by the rising cost of immunization and higher transport costs in a single quarter, and the Māori rate will pick up as the epidemic subsides control and transport. q3 net interest rate of 15.91%, which continues to be high, with net profit rising faster than operating profit, is, in our view, an increase in income tax costs.
The profit margin has jumped since the apparent change in the company's client structure last year, and since then the company's large client base has risen steadily, the quality of new clients is high, and the overall profitability level of the company will remain at 16%.
In the area of shoe substitution, the advantages are clear. As clients and capacity continue to grow, companies have great potential for growth.
Wally Group (300.979): Client structure optimization and capacity expansion have been successful, with excellent performances, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation, report Wally Group (300.979): Client structure optimization and capacity expansion were successful and performed well
Changja Jay, research assistant profile, Shen Chong Lwin.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved.
Point, conclusions and recommendations are for information only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.
The copyright for this report is reserved only for my company and is not written.