q3 income growth at a faster rate, and the dominant position of sports shoes is highlighted by the Wally Group (300979.sz), which achieved a net return of $1.997 billion, an increase of 51.57 per cent, and a net gain of $1,997 million, an increase of the same amount.
In the first three quarters of 2021, companies sold 153.34 million pairs of sports shoes, 30.43%, after the outbreak.
Global consumption of sports shoes has grown rapidly, while South-East Asian shoe production centres, such as Viet Nam, have been affected by the epidemic, and there has been a halt in the production of a shoe-volume factory and an accompanying supplier, which has led to a strain on global production of sports shoes.
For the global champion, the advantages of production of sneakers are evident and control measures are strong, and the plant remains normal, operating and rapidly expanding to meet the needs of its customers. The average price for company sneakers in the first three quarters of 2021 was $82.39/double, which is 6.03 per cent lower, mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations.
The top five clients of the company, Nike, deeckers, vf, Puma, underarmour, now earn 4,422 million yuan, 2,746 million yuan, 2,453 million yuan, 1,402 million yuan, 729 million yuan.
In addition, companies have continued to expand new customers, such as as asics, asrunning, and new banking, to build a long-term development base.
The Māori ratio has risen in the same year, and the cost rate and net operating cash flow have decreased in the same year. 1) The Māori rate for companies increased by 3.90 pct to 27.87 per cent in the first three quarters of 2021, mainly due to company clients and product bindings, mainly due to the increased costs of controlling the Vietnam epidemic. 2) In the first three quarters of 2021, company sales, sales,
The same rate of constant use is slightly lower in Casted Booby Shoes. 3) Net cash flows from companies in the first three quarters of 2021 fell by the same amount of $35.78 per cent to $1,745 million, mainly due to the use of supply chain finance by some customers last year.
" Head client orders full, supply chain lead up " , resulting in an increase in revenue collection and an increase in the amount of operating receivables, taxes and charges paid, and a long acceleration in receipt " , 2021.8
The performance of the company will continue to expand. The world's sneakers industry continues to have a high-intensity atmosphere, head branders show good income, and the supply side will contract, with the effects of the epidemic.
The company, as the leader of the industry, organized a vaccination campaign against the epidemic.
Soundly controlled, the expansion of production capacity is evident compared to most competitors, meeting the needs of downstream branders. Failure to do so will further expand capacity in Vietnam, Indonesia, etc., and boost income growth. \triangleright
For 21 years, 34.69 times, we're looking at the long-term growth of the track of sneakers, the firm and sustained partnership between industry leaders and international head brands, the growing certainty, the space for development, and the maintenance of the "buy-in" rating.
Risk factors: More concentrated production areas, increased labour costs, spread of neo-crowd pneumonia in Viet Nam
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.