2021q3 remarks: q3 revenue per year + 31 per cent, higher nike and deeckers orders on 28 October 2021
Oh Jin-ho, research assistant Tan Chi-ho, 2021q3 income + 31 per cent increase, motherhood net profit + 30 per cent: late morning, 27 October
It is expected that corporate revenue profits will be affected to some extent by foreign exchange fluctuations at the level of the statements, where the principal customers of the companies are overseas, the business level is settled in dollars, and the reporting level is the renminbi, and if the exchange rate influence is not taken into account, corporate income increased at a rate of +32.42 per cent in the previous three quarters, with net profits at a rate of +32.42 per cent.
+63.76% increase. q3 quarters show that the company achieved $4.440 billion in revenue, compared to +31.46% increase in the previous three quarters of 2021, that the net interest rate remained stable: Māori in the first three quarters of 2021, that the peak in spending on immunization had passed, that the rise in raw materials had been gradually adjusted to the product offer, and that Māori would be the future.
+ Interest on assets + exchange rate gains reduced financial cost rates. q1/q2/q3 net profit. The top five clients were Nike, deeckers, vf, Piao, world manufacturing, sports shoe manufacturing dragons in the first three quarters.
The growth of Nike and deeckers as a whole is now well under way, and nb has begun to recognize revenues. The company produced 153 million pairs of products in the previous three quarters, i.e. +30.4% of the company’s factory in Viet Nam is located mainly in Viet Nam.
Clean-up in the north, where plant attendance is less affected, is not expected to affect the delivery of orders. Consider three new factories in 2021, plans for future plant acquisition near existing plants, and a profit forecast and investment rating: the company is the leader of a sneaker, with a steady head.
Client orders, customer resource barriers, and future or continuing benefits from increased concentration in the surrogate industry; in addition, companies are increasingly deepening their internal performance, increasing efficiency and profitability from organizational structures, equipment production lines, labour resources, etc. We maintain the company for 2021-2023.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board