Income growth is robust, core products are expanding faster, computer/software development is falling in the third quarter, and revenue is rising in a positive way. The company achieved business income in the first three quarters of 2025.
The net return of the company has been reduced by $2003 million, or 3.7 per cent, in q3 alone, continuing the growth trend since q2 and achieving the net return of the mother - $454 million, or 208 million.
The Department has been active in strengthening its management of operations and effectively controlling staff size and cost. Growth in core products has been increasing, and cloud operations have continued to rise.
This represents an increase of 16.3%, a cumulative increase of 1,011,000 clients paid for cloud services, and 138,000 new customers paid for cloud services. Bip, a friend of the company’s core product, earned $2.15 billion in the previous three quarters, 15.8% more than in the previous three quarters, of which q3 grew at a rate of 31.9% in the previous three quarters.
Of these, 7.8%, the amount of the contracts awarded by the one was over $730 million in the first three quarters of the year, while the income of medium-sized enterprises was rising at a positive rate, and micro and small enterprises were losing at a positive rate. q3 clients of large enterprises grew by 13.5% compared to the previous three quarters, while revenues of $3.617 billion were earned at 2.4% compared to the third quarter of the year.
In the first three quarters, revenue was 726 million yuan, a 14.3 per cent decline in the same year, with income rising in the third quarter of the first quarter rising at a positive rate of 6.8 per cent in the same year; in the first three quarters, income was 720 million yuan, a 7.1 per cent increase in the same year, of which cloud subscription income was 526 million yuan, a 9 per cent increase in the same year; and in the third quarter, net return to the mother was 43 million yuan, which was achieved.
Alumni Network (600588.sh) - Core product bip3 increases, i have short-term government pressure, and overseas markets continue to expand. In the third quarter of 2025, corporate governments and other public organizations achieved revenues of $398 million, a 29% decline in comparison, mainly due to tight government budgets.
Friends Network (600588.sh) - Income continues to increase, i.a. new products contribute to increased performance, project acceptance cycles, etc., impact. Companies increase their investment in overseas operations and speed up the expansion of overseas markets, former end-of-life networks (600588.sh) - performance traps are expected to emerge, with large clients driving diversity
Investment advice: maintain profit forecasts and maintain a “better than the big market” rating. The company benefits fully from the current situation.
As cloud services continue to rise, core products progress well, and overseas markets accelerate by billions of yuan to achieve a net return profit of 5.54.54.051 billion yuan. The net loss is $1.48 billion, and the same loss is realized.
The growth rate of 3.7 per cent over the same period continued the growth trend since q2; the net return to the mother ' s profit of $454 million was reduced by $208 million over the same period. The company actively strengthened its management of its operations and effectively controlled the size and cost of its personnel.
Figure 2: Corporate income and growth in the single quarter, Figure 3: Net profit and increase in corporate return, Figure 4: Corporate income and increase in corporate income in the single quarter
The company fully benefits from the current downstream demand, and as cloud services continue to rise, core products progress smoothly, and overseas markets expand at an accelerated pace, it is expected that the authors will ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author