Computer group Performance recovery trends are clear, one plus core business multiple breakthroughs, revenue growth trends are clear, profits and cash flows are improving in both directions.
Billion dollars, a 3.65 per cent increase in the same year, continued the positive growth trend of the second quarter. At the profit end: net profit from the third quarter was reduced by $208 million in the third quarter; net loss from the first three quarters was $1,398 million and the loss was reduced by a quarter.
Quarterly net operating cash flow has improved by 1.11 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis.
During the first three quarters of the year, Pip achieved income of $2.15 billion, an increase of 15.8 per cent over the previous quarter, with a 31.9 per cent increase in the first quarter of the third quarter of the year compared to the second quarter of the year.
Subscriptions: high growth is strong and future performance is on track.
By the end of the third quarter, the liability for subscription-related contracts was $2.54 billion, an increase of 26.6 per cent over the same period last year; cloud services services, i.e., the rate of liquidity of the operation was faster, with one-quarter contracts exceeding the sum of the first half of the year.
In the first three quarters of the year, the contract was signed in excess of $730 million, of which $410 million was signed in a single quarter in the third quarter, more than the sum of the first half of the year ($320 million), and the results of the “ai top” strategy were gradually realized.
People, the size of the personnel structure is stabilized when it is optimized. Cost control is effective, sales costs are reduced in the previous three quarters, administrative costs are reduced in the same proportion, and research and development is continuously invested, taking into account cost efficiency and technological competitiveness.
Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings, according to the company's annual report, we expect companies to achieve revenue in 2025-2027, downstream client budgets below expectations, and R & D progress below expectations.