The contract value of the Division increased by 7.8 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, including $730 million in the first three quarters of the contract value, which was driven by the rapid growth of the contract value.
Single q3: Companies achieve operating income of $2003 million, yoy+3.7 per cent, q3 achieves significant losses in the first quarter, resulting in net profit of $454 million (as compared with $208 million), improved operating cash flow resulting from non-returned net profit, continued optimization of business income structure, and promotion of the transformation of the subscription business model
1) Improved cash flow: the company ' s cash income for the first three quarters was 5.72 billion yuan, a positive increase of 4.7 per cent, yoy + 4.7 per cent, a 19.2 per cent increase in the year-on-year q3 q3, a significant improvement of 1.11 billion yuan in the year-on-year net operating cash flow and an improvement of 550 million yuan in the year-on-year q3 q;
2) Income structure optimization: In the first three quarters, cloud services earned $4,298 million, or 77.0 per cent of income, 3) Subscription model transformation: Subscription business model transformations have been significant, up to q3, subscription-related and liability of $2.540 billion, an increase of 26.6 per cent compared to the end of the last three quarters, and cloud services arr
14.0%; by q3, the cumulative number of paid clients for company services amounted to 1,011,000, the number of new cloud services amounted to 138,000.
In August, the company released a new version of its core product, "Bip5 with Friends", based on innovation, and built up a "ai" by using a friendbip, enterprise data cloud, process service, mind-base seating, enabling the enterprise to re-engineer business and management processes, activate data values, one-stop landing application.
X-Dataagent is officially released, smart question numbers, automatic attributions, simulation predictions are made, and many people are supported to collaborate with active decision-making, and one promotes the evolution of business software from the traditional "tool system" to "intellectual group" business.
Two-digit growth in the 2024q1 battalion, large company partner. As of q3, more than 100 clients had signed on to the "friends' bip'ai" smart products, adding new contracts, and business customers continued to break through. 2024-4-27
Key clients such as Open Group, Guizhou Maotai, China Free Shares, Golden Group, Mau Go Ping, Ning Bo-hwag, Emeralds, Doo-Tech, Gold River Pharmacy, etc. 25 q3 , Small and Medium Enterprise client business is getting warmer.
In the first three quarters, the clients of large, medium and micro-enterprises achieved income of $5.067 billion, yoy+0.2 per cent, q3 single quarter income of $1,801 million, yoy+11.8 per cent) and large enterprises: in the first three quarters revenue of $3.617 billion, yoy+2.4 per cent and q3 single quarter
This represents an increase of 13.5 per cent and, as of q3, the company has added four first-tier companies to contract, cumulatively 48 companies, cumulatively serving China ' s 500 top clients, 387 or close to 80 per cent, and has successfully signed on to China ' s nuclear power industry, China ' s General Institute of Mechanical Science and Research, China ' s colour-coloured mining group, among others, and its head companies.
2) Medium-sized enterprises: income of 727 million yuan, yoy - 14.3 per cent, q3 single-quarter gains positive, vov+6.8 per cent, continued promotion of priority subscription strategies, 36.3 per cent increase in subscription income over the previous three quarters, accelerated landing of yonsuite product lines, and continuous upgrading of u9clud product lines
Lei, publishing the u9cloud smart platform rich ai application scene; 3) Micro-enterprises: the holding company achieved revenue of $723 million and yoy + 7.1 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, which was reversed in the same period last year, with more than 130,000 new payers in the first three quarters of the cloud services business.
This represents an increase of 21% compared to the same period last year. 1) Large clients are not expanding as expected; 2) industry competition is increasing; 3) macroeconomic risks.
Contact person: Liu Jie, Master of Economics, Johns Hopkins University, United States of America, covering areas such as saas, ai, software, etc. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.