The q2 low-pressure electrical business is clearly reversed and its overall performance is in line with expectations. As a result of the epidemic, corporate q1 low-pressure harvests fell by 20-30%, q2 operations were clearly warming up, rising by about 17% per quarter, and profits by around 20%, as large-scale resumptions of production and completion of real estate accelerated.
The net profit from the q2 crop and the return to the mother continued the q1 trend, with the overall increase in revenue and performance remaining at a level of 10-15 per cent. H1 company has a Māori rate of 31.33 per cent, of which q2 has reached 33.56 per cent, creating a new high and promising level in recent years, and we believe that the fall in the prices of commodities such as 1 and q2 copper is related to the fall in prices.
2 From an increase in the share of clients in the low-pressure sector, 3 from the efficiency gains of automation. 1. The second half of the low-pressure business will continue to improve significantly, with industry direct sales markets and overseas markets continuing to lead.q3.
2. 2000 2. Data on the tri-quarterly review of real-estate appliances - low-pressure ring collection ratio, industrial pmi index, total profits of industrial enterprises, etc., continued to warm up, property was accelerated to completion, and new and old infrastructure, such as new energy, electricity, transhipment, traditional infrastructure, was fast-growing and industry was expected to grow year-round
The company’s low pressure identifies three main strategies: one channel and eco-building.
Establishment: The company is actively developing a three-tier distribution network and strengthening the ecological construction of channels, focusing on areas with greater potential Focused on 475 first-tier agents, over 5,000 second-tier distributors, to achieve 4.
The network of channels is fully covered. In addition, the company actively guides and supports distributors in the development of end-user-type operations, with 15 branding houses, 381 brand image shops, 32 supermarkets in the electrical industry, and so on.
Replenishment of the direct marketing team structure and staff size, with rapid new product development and priority development efforts in the areas of electricity, property, communications, oem, etc., has now led to the signing of a set of standard clients. 3 Globalization: Companies have significantly increased customer stickyness and satisfaction through international supply chain collaboration in Singapore, Egypt, etc.
Increased research and development of smart manufacturing and innovative products. Emphasis is placed on building digital workshops such as small circuit breakers, plastic-shell breakers, frame breakers, communication contacts, relays, etc. to promote efficiency.
Innovative products, such as 5g1u circuit breakers and power grid breakers, have been distributed directly to the enabling industry. The share of household use has risen to 30% and the share of sales has gradually increased.
The advantages of access and of the integration of photovoltaic and electrical products account for more than 30% of the country’s share, with the addition of 600mw in six months’ time, which is expected to reach around 2gw in the year. Macroeconomic warming is not as good as expected; real estate is not finished as expected; and the global epidemic has not subsided as expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment