Date: October 27, 2020 - 3-quarter review of Desaiwei (002920).
The company issued its third quarter report for 2020 and realized gross operating income between the beginning of the year and the end of the reporting period.
q3’s performance was slightly higher than expected: revenues of $1.702 billion were realized in the third quarter, with significant increases in interest rates withheld and net profit increases forecasted against the company’s performance in the third quarter
The main reason for the period was that, in the context of the continuous warmth of the city, the company's caboline power had been laid for many years in a row, and the relative depth of 300 indexed shares, intelligent driving and web-connected service products had increased significantly, driven by orders from old and new customers.
The Māori rate continued to improve and cost controls improved: the company ' s Māori rate was 22.98 per cent during the reporting period, with the same improvement. In addition, the company ' s enhanced cost management rate for the reporting period was 17.21 per cent, a decrease of 2.81 pct over the same period, with a cost of 16.01 per cent over the q3 period.
There has been a marked improvement in performance under the dual combination of modelling and cost reduction. Three operations have gone hand-in-hand, with multiple projects contributing to growth: a company based on a cabin electron, an active layout of new areas such as smart driving, web-based services, and a combination of smart mobile travel.
In the version, the multiscreen interactive smart cockpit product has been evaluated in the semi-annual reports of the ideal, Chang An, Chir, etc. _aaa_Desseway (002920).
In the case of smart driving, _aaa_Desessive (002920) annual reports that adas products have been scaled up and sales have increased at a high rate.
All passenger parking products were produced on a scale of L3-level autopilot aaa Xavier (002920) and the domain controllers increased production and expanded other customers on the Pelican Car Auxiliary Model, v2x
In connection with online services, Cho Chun Lin has mastered cloud-end online upgrading technology, network security technology, big data analysis, and applications.
The company's forward-looking layout around the smart cockpit, smart driving, and the three product lines of the network's services has entered the commercial harvest period, and will continue to be used for the first six months of the year.
Deeply benefited from the drive of the car's “new quadrupling” process, which led to the gradual landing of many projects, such as the company's smart cabin, smart driving, and car connections. The pe should be 72.9 times, 56.7 times and 43.3 times, respectively, taking into account the company's smart driving seat.
Q3 performance is slightly higher than expected.1 In the near future, the company released its third quarter report in 2020 and achieved gross operating income of $4,298 million at the beginning of the year to the end of the reporting period.
The gain of 21.22 per cent in the same year, $318 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, 123.02 per cent in the same year, and a slight over-market forecast of net profits, is due mainly to the significant increase in the number of electronic, smart-driving and network service products driven by orders from new and old customers in the company ' s long-term layout in the context of the continuing warm-up of the car market.
2. The Māori rate has continued to improve and cost controls have improved. In addition, corporate cost management has been strengthened at a cost rate of 17.21 per cent over the reporting period, a decrease of 2.81 pct compared to the corresponding period, and the Division ' s performance has improved significantly with a combination of raising revenue levels and reducing costs.
Three main lines of business go hand in hand, with multiple projects for growth The company has built an integrated approach to smart mobility in new areas such as a cabin-based electron, an active deployment of smart drivers, web-based services. In smart cabins, the company has developed version 3.0 of a 3-environment smart cabin, multiple screens.
In terms of smart driving, the adas products have been scaled up and their sales have increased rapidly, with a full automatic parking system.
As a result, V2x products, 77g mm wave radars have been ordered. In connection with online services, companies have acquired ownership of cloud-end online upgrading technology, network security technology, large numbers.
According to the analysis and application of core technologies such as technology, and the gradual commercialization of web-based services, the first six months of the year have helped to upgrade the motor-public Teleda brand for the first time. The company's forward-looking layout of the three product lines around the smart cockpit, smart driving, and web-connection service has entered the business harvest period and will benefit in depth from the “new quadruption” of cars.
This has led to the gradual landing of a number of projects, such as the company’s smart cabin, smart driving and car networking.4 The profit forecast and investment proposal are 72.9 times, 56.7 times and 43.3 times, respectively, taking into account the company’s smart cockpit, intelligent driving, and intelligent driving.
In addition, new products from car networks are gradually landing, maintaining an “uptake” rating, and automobile sales are below expectations, and smart network operations are not expanding as expected.