• q3 shows good performance: the company collected $4,298 million in the first three quarters of the year, +21.22 per cent, the mother's net profit, q3 out of non-recurring gains and losses, and q3 outperformed performance expectations
Core indicators, such as the 2020q3 company revenue growth rate/morigin rate/period cost rate, are in good general terms, with the net profit excluding the net return (fair price fluctuations - 42 million yuan from Japanese share price fluctuations at the core) and the ring ratio improving significantly. Analysis of reasons: 1) the overseas epidemic is gradually gaining ground
To control, the company ' s major overseas client, Ma ' a.o.x.10.0 per cent of global output from 2020q3, compares the impact of the decline in overseas demand. 3) Since its listing, the company has continued to develop new customers/products, the growth of domestic orders and the upgrading of product structure.
New customer outreach + product roll-out, enabling q4 performance upwards Domain controller step-by-step: In April 2020, the first Desai was based on British Weida xavierl 3 level Automated DMV product ipu03 on Xiao P7 and actively pushed to a larger number of customers
Hiro, with an in-depth attachment to the British Weida, has led to an increase in the amount of money available. In the first half of 2020, a fully automated parking system, 5g-v2x products were selected for joint branding projects.
For the first time in Beijing, Si Wei's first autonomous cabin controller was shown. The program supports a two-inch, 12.3 inches of super-intelligence, based on a two-operability system structure, flexiblely applied to an eye for performance growth, and continues to focus.
The system supports the enrichment of information and entertainment functions. The company’s client structure has been upgraded and expanded, and has been successful in recent years.
The definition of a car perspective is worth looking at for the long term: the public, the public, the Toyota, the Jili, the Volkswagen, and so forth.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: national production replacement acceleration + one-core multiscreen upgrade, smart cabin capacity full price, upscalable; car networking platform actively promoted when adas functional product was released; based on great performance expectations, continued focus recommended
The da chip is built into autopilot control platforms, with industry giants entering, opening up the long-term growth gap. We expect a net profit of 454/660/946 million from the mother in 2020-2022, a year-on-year increase, and Desai is expected to enjoy a higher valuation premium and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board