• Automotive recovery combined with an upgrading of smartness, which drives a sustained increase in revenue performance. Companies announced a performance report for the third quarter of 2020, yielding revenues of $4,298 million (+21.22 per cent) in the first three quarters of 2020, net profit for mothers of $318 million (+123.02 per cent) and net profit for non-mothers of $228 million
Ten thousand yuan (+119.15%) – the net profit of 120 million yuan (+928.17%) from the non-return to the mother – has continued to rise. After the epidemic, the country’s automobile industry has gradually recovered, rebounding from vehicle sales, superimposed intelligent trends in the company’s smart cabins, smart drivers, and smart network operations, with high corporate growth continuing.
The company’s ficha stock price fluctuations have had a fair value fluctuation – 42 million yuan in impact, and our little downscaling company – working with the chip giant, Yvette, to develop a next-generation domain controller, smart-driving and next city – has more than doubled its growth every year since the intelligent transformation in 2016.
At the same time, in September 2020, the company announced once again that it would work with Anglo-Weida, the ideal vehicle, to build the next generation of auto-driving controls, smart-driving domain controllers, and city after city, based on the latest Orin chip in Anglo-Vida.
At the same time, the company’s fully automated parking system, the 5g-v2x product, has been targeted by the international branded car factory project. The intelligent cabin, web-based product penetration rate continues to increase, with three full-scale breakthroughs driving high growth.
In the light of the trend towards the big screening of the Carborne Information and Entertainment System, the company's smart cabin business has risen to a full price, and products such as multiple-screen interactive smart compartments, vehicle display modules, LCD meters, etc. have been placed on successive orders for new vehicles such as Biadi, Guangya Group, Wall City and Chang An.
To get a car-networking platform for the general public, and other clients, such as Long-Ammadhuda, ota, and so on, to boost the Téda brand for the first time, the ota was upgraded. Added to the high growth in smart driving, the company’s three core industries have made a full-scale breakthrough in driving the company’s continued high growth in revenue and performance.
Small and Medium Disk Information Update - Three Product Lines Full Break-through, Drives Performance Off-Market Multiply - Small and Medium Disk Information Update - Software Defines New Cars
The Age, The Value of Domain Control Cards -- The First Override Report for Medium and Small Disks -- The Smart Driving New