Texas q3 outperformed, looking ahead, and the company released a three-quarters report in 2020, with a total operating income of $4.3 billion in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
Billions of dollars, 33.5 per cent more than the previous year; 90 million yuan in net profit returns, 119.2 per cent more than the previous three quarters, driven by the arrival of new customers and projects, resulted in a high rate of growth in corporate incomes and slightly higher expectations than expected. Domestic vehicle sales continued to warm and companies performed better than industry.
We expect public q3 profits to double and performance to be slightly higher than expected. Multiplication in the first three quarters of 2020 is affected by the epidemic.
Car sales fell by 12.4 per cent, but new products from new clients of the company were being put into production, and sales from major clients were showing good results, contributing to a negative income growth of 21.2 per cent, with a significant increase of 0.2 pct over the previous three quarters. Management costs increased by 8.0 per cent, mainly due to depreciation amortization, employee remuneration, etc.
This is due to an increase in exchange rate gains during the current period. The four cost rates for the previous three quarters decreased by 2.8 pccs on a year-on-year basis, combined with an increase in revenue and the Māori rate, resulting in a 292.9% increase in net profit deductions, q3 and a sustained recovery in domestic car sales, a 33.5% increase in corporate income over industry, and a similar increase in Māori rates; and sales, management, R&D fees.
The increase was lower than the increase in income, with a 314.7 per cent reduction in financial costs, the impact of the change in the promised value of the four rates of decline on a year-on-year basis, with a net return of q3 to the mother of $90 million, representing an increase of 119.2 per cent the same year.
The company’s complementary customers, Gilly, Chang-An, are expected to perform better than the industry, and new clients, such as Toyota, are expected to produce more.
The expansion of the cabins, intelligent driving, and a significant increase in the value of the products, new projects such as a fully automated parking, 360-degree viewing system, and a multiscreen interactive cockpit will drive rapid growth in corporate performance. The deployment of smart drivers and smart seat-space controllers will take the lead in measuring output.
From the distribution to the central, the domain controller becomes the core zero of the smart pilot and the smart cabin. The company-backed smart-driving domain controller is already in production on the Pop7 model and is based on the ideal gas, using the market price as of October 26, 2020.
Cars, British Weida, etc. have signed a strategic cooperation agreement that will develop autopilot controls using orin chips in the future. The company's smart seat area controller has already been matched with Swig 8plus in the lead. The company has taken the lead, and is expected to share the industrial dividend in the event of a future outbreak.
Taking into account the continuing warming of industry sales and the volume of new projects, we have raised profit projections, and we expect the company Desaiway – New Project Intensive Production, 2020q1 outperforms 1) cars to be sold less than expected; 2) new items such as intelligent driving are not as fast as expected; 3) products are undervalued.
Desecway — 2019q4, Smart Network — Performance is expected to improve, Smart Driver, Silver International, Inc.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations