A small country of purple light has a strong demand for lines of business, with high growth in h1 performance and a net profit of 876 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 117.84 per cent over the same period.
Business lines are in high demand and performance has increased significantly. During the reporting period, corporate smart security chip operations were evaluated in the purple emblem, which generated $771 million, an increase of 40.12 per cent, and a Māori rate of 29.69 per cent, an increase of 3.38 per cent.
Percentage points; special integrated circuit operations generated $1,370 million, an increase of 69.91 per cent over the same period, and the development of the special chip continued to boost and inject new growth points. Special microprocessors and accompanies the chip group products continued to be rolled out and received bulk applications in important embedded areas, with a new generation of 2 x nanometers larger.
The high-capacity fpga series of products continues to be in leadership positions in key areas such as signal processing, information security, network interconnection, automated control, and special storage products cover a wide range of specialized applications in the country, network bus lines, interface products continue to dominate the market, special Sopc platforms, etc.
The market share of simulated products continues to grow. The company has also increased its research and development investment in digital power sources, high performance clocks, high high-speed adc/dac, protection of circuits, isolation chips, sensor chips, and has made breakthroughs in some key technologies and is expected to become a new growth point for the company.
Car-class chips keep moving and the purple is losing. In car-class chips, the company's safety chip program has brought in a number of well-known car companies and has been delivered in bulk, a fungible project. High-end safety chips and car-borne control chips are also being developed and industrialized and will be made public.
In the fpga business, the company’s share-in-stock subsidiary, Purple and Light, completed a new round of replenishments in the first half of the year, large-scale fpga research and development went well, and small- and medium-scale fpga multi-products gradually matured and steadily increased their delivery, yielding 235 million yuan and net profit of 89 million yuan.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected; production capacity is not as high as expected.
Long-term, 20200825 The Purple Light: Special Quantities, q1 Performances, Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations