The Purple Group, in conjunction with judicial review, had little impact on the country.
The court served a Notice to the effect that the relevant creditor applied to the court for bankruptcy reorganization of the Purple Light Group on the grounds that the group was unable to pay its debts as they matured, that the assets were insufficient to satisfy the full amount of the debt and that they were clearly insolvent and had the value of reorganization and the feasibility of reorganization.
Judicial reorganization is a professional choice and normal process, which has less impact on UV affiliates. Legal reorganization is a professional choice and normal process. Judicial reorganization is a market-based, rule-of-law debt-disposal approach that helps legalize pre-existing communications with strategic investors, and protects them.
Creditor rights and interests; also helping to mitigate the debtor ' s debt risk and improve the asset-liability structure. For the moment, the domestic judicial restructuring process has matured. Debt relationships are complicated by the size of the Group ' s debt and the number of creditors both within and outside the country.
The use of the usual means of consultation is bound to be time-consuming and inefficient. Thus, the total equity/flow (millions of shares) reorganization of the Start-Up Division is a professional option that facilitates the acceleration of agreement on the claims of different creditors.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) determines creditors ' rights and interests through judicial reorganization, while facilitating the quickest possible return to a maximum/minimum level of 12 months with investors
There will be no reduction in the shares of subsidiaries: the judicial reorganization has little effect on the subsidiaries.
In the group: Purple has a separate governance structure, and Purple Group is only one of the shareholders, holding large orders, or 32% of the "super-safe" shares in the 5-g era. Therefore, neither normal production operations nor employee interests in Purple country.
This judicial reorganization was directly affected by the entry -- 2021/05/28.
There is no reduction in the shares of subsidiaries: first of all, the Purple Group is heavily indebted, shares are sold back to the cage, performance is forecast, special integrated circuit operations are growing more than they are, so the option of reducing the shares of subsidiaries is not desirable.
The decision is to introduce strategic investors under the leadership of the working group. Moreover, there is no change during the reorganization period.
Long-term value, good corporate value focus chips, the group won't lose its debt: country-level working group leads + investor basically finished + potential value of production. Working group leads: November 2020, Purple Group introduced specialized work.
Teams, through the involvement of national forces, coordinate efforts to stabilize the company’s fundamentals. So, there has been an important turn in debt risk resolution by the Purple Group.
In addition, several of the group’s operations are national (special chip (national microelectronics), fpga chip (violet co-inventive), storage chip (gang storage), mobile chip (engine storage)
In spite of the increase in the size of its liabilities, its assets are of high quality, its assets are of high quality, and its investors have a strong will: the Working Group has been present for eight months, has approached a number of investors, and there is a strong interest in their participation.
Investment proposal: The judicial reorganization of the Purple Light Group has had little impact on the country, and the company is a unique chip leader, and orders are expected to grow rapidly, while super Sim’s operations are fast-disbursed, pre-researched.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.