The performance of the IT semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment was exceeding expectations, and after the "3 cow vote", the company recently released its mid-year report in 2021, which generated business income of 2,292 million yuan.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved business income of 2,292 million dollars, 1.370 billion yuan (oy+70%) and 771 million dollars (yoy+40.2%) for smart security chips. Corporate income increased significantly over the year, mainly from demand for special chips.
Rapid growth, and the rapid outbreak of telecommunications chips in the 5g era. Meanwhile, Xian purple storage investment contributed 85.4 million dollars.
At a percentage point, the Māori ratio of special integrated circuits dropped by 2.78 percentage points, and interest rates for smart security chips rose by 3.38 percentage points. Special integrated circuit demand continued to burst and is still expected to grow at a high rate.
Total market value/flow (millions) and packaged chip group products are rolled out on an ongoing basis, with bulk applications in key embedded areas; special 12 months maximum/minimum (million dollars)
The fpga product is new, the new generation of high-capacity fpga products of 2 x nanometers is widely recognized in the market and continues to be in leadership position; the special storage product is maintained.
The rest of the markets are in the network bus, the interface product market, and are in the lead of a judicial review that has little effect on the UV country. With the extensive use of special Sopc platform products, system-level chips and surroundings,
-2021/07/10 The market share of products such as Super Sim Card Acquisitions, Power Modules, Power Surveillance, etc. continues to grow.
Large orders, or "super" safe in the 5-g era, clocks, high-speed adc/dac, circuit protection, isolation chip, sensor chip, etc. -- 2021/05/28
The first half of the first half of the year, the performance forecast, the special integrated circuit business has grown exponentially, and we think that: 1 surge in specialized demand, 70 per cent over the same period, with industry demand.
The business is still expected to grow at a high rate. 2 companies have partially outsourced many medium- and low-end chips, focusing on high-end chips, and it is expected that the company's Māori ratio will continue to rise, or will outpace the development opportunities of the 5g era in the field of deep-fertilized smart chips.
One hundred million Super SimCard product collection projects, moving 70 million sesim strategic orders, are sold in more than 23 provinces and cities in China.
The company’s share of the domestic bank’s ic card chip market continues to rise; the company’s car code safety chip program has been imported into a number of well-known car companies, and a bulk supply has been achieved.
We believe that the company smart card chip business will continue to grow at a high rate: 1 winning mark moves 114 million 5gsim card chip orders. 2 supersim cards are phased in. 3 chips remain intact.
For supply, chip price rises have less impact on companies (a small increase in surrogate prices). Four three-star drops off the foreign Sim card market, and companies fill the offshore market space. Average income growth in previous years was about 20%, with 40% growth in the first half of the year, a significant increase over expectations.
The company’s business is not affected. Judicial reorganization is a professional choice and normal process that has less impact on UV affiliates. Reorganization is concentrated in groups, UV countries have a small separate governance structure, and the UV group is only one of the shareholders and holds 32% of the shares.
As a result, neither the normal production operations nor the employee’s rights and interests in the country will be directly affected by this judicial reshuffle.
At the same time, supersim’s fast-disbursing operations, and the opportunity to replace the car-car control chip, we look forward to the company’s long-term growth. The company’s net profits are forecast to be raised in 2021-2023.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.