Special + common domain, plus main battalion operations, plus special + common area, plus corporate intelligence security.
The chip business accounts for 771 million yuan (yoy+40.12%), or 33.64% of the total. The company is running a 110 million China-based super-sim card product collection project, with a winning customer; its share in the domestic iC chip market continues to rise; and the car chip is delivered in bulk.
In the area of special integrated circuits, influenced by the volume of demand in the military market, the company’s portfolio has grown rapidly, generating $1.307 billion (yoy+69.91%) of the total revenue.
The new generation of special fpga is recognized in the market, and brand effects are becoming apparent. Corporate electronics (crystal frequency devices) collect $129 million (Yoy+49.60%), or 5.65% of the total.
Increased profitability and improved quality of operations. As a result of changes in product structure, companies increased their interest rate by 2021h1 cents per year by 2 pct, benefiting from the scale effect, and the cost rate fell by 4.2 pct over time.
There has also been a significant increase in profitability. The company’s significant growth in the size of its operations has been accompanied by a substantial return volume, a 172.98 per cent increase in net operating cash flows from 202h1 to 172.98 per cent over the same period, and a marked improvement in cash flows.
The project is progressing well, with the release of capacity as expected. The company’s car code safety chip program has imported a number of well-known car companies and has achieved bulk supply.
But, given that the company is a special integrated circuit leader, depth benefits from large-scale demand for military equipment on this ship. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.