The Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) performed beyond expectations in the first half of the year, with a special ic high and sustained. 1. "Special ic high, safe and open to growth."
This represents an increase of 57 per cent, a net gain of 880 million yuan for mothers, an increase of 118 per cent for the same year, and a net gain of 800 million for non-mothers.
“Safety and Specialic Leader, High Performance Growth Special Quick: The Shenzhen Sea Emblem was raised by 1.37 billion yuan, a 70 per cent increase in the same year, and the net interest rate for net national microelectronics was 55.6 per cent, an increase of 5 pct. The new generation of 2 x nano special fpga
The market share of chips, power modules, and power-control products has continued to grow. The value of special equipment is constantly increasing, the value of special equipment is being added to the national production of special chips, and the market space in the industry is growing rapidly. Specialic has a relatively stable pattern of competition with higher barriers in terms of qualifications, technology, markets, etc.
The full R & D power of the class, some of which are high in the middle of the sub-tracks such as aviation, is expected to be produced in the country Smart security chip: $640 million in the same core micro, 29 per cent in the same year, $1038 million in net profit, 238 per cent in the same year. The M & A ratio of smart card chips has risen to 30 per cent in the same year.
3.7 pct. Corporate sim card chips have grown rapidly and become market mainstream in the first half of the year. Esim continues to drive and deploy overseas. Bank card chips continue to increase their domestic market share, while sea sales continue to grow. Social security cards have made breakthroughs in a number of projects.
The process of developing and industrializing high-end safety chips and vehicle controller chips is well under way, in addition to the debt-transferable projects. The share-sharing company Purple and Purple 1 generated 235 million yuan, a 103 per cent increase in net profits.
90 million yuan, corresponding to the same period last year - 90 million yuan. Small and medium-sized fpga multi-products have been delivered steadily, and significant progress has been made in video image processing, industrial control and consumer markets. 2021h1 has started to develop the first generation of sopc products, which are mentioned for specific areas such as embedded terminals, margin computing, cloud computing acceleration, etc.
A highly competitive system-level solution for depth optimization. Purple-and-forward capital enhancement, with companies’ share in purple-for-light creation falling from 36.5 per cent to 29.5 per cent.
▪ Special integrated circuit demand is not as high as expected, special integrated circuits are at risk of downfall rates, indirect shareholders' assets, relevant report rating ratios are analysed in the market, and then an average is calculated to arrive at the final rating as average market investment