Special integrated circuit height, intelligent safety chip marginal improvement Industry classification: F-FDTL (+56.54 per cent), mother ' s net profit of 876 million yuan (+117.84 per cent) and non-mother ' s net profit
Special integrated circuits continue to function, with net profit growth of mothers exceeding the ceiling for performance forecast: 2,292 billion yuan (+56.54 per cent) of operating income of women, 876 million yuan (+117.84 per cent) of net profit of mothers and 802 million yuan (+125.21 per cent) of net profit of mothers.
Mainly driven by the high growth of the full-sourced Shenzhen logo electronic special integrated circuit operation, which received 2021h1 battalion, the release of special equipment downstream, the replacement of speciali.c national production, and the three-fold informationization factor, the company grew more dynamic with the scale effect and the expansion of the high-value-added product spectrum.
2 smart security chip camps with 771 million yuan (+40.12 per cent) and a Māori rate of 29.69 per cent (+3.38 pcts), mainly due to an improvement in the margin between fully-owned subsidiaries and microelectronics, with 639 million yuan in 2021h1 battalion.
3 Electronic components charge $129 million (+49.60 per cent) and Māori rate of 19.31 per cent (3.05pcts), mainly due to the active national production needs of the company ' s transistor frequency system operations for the frequency components of domestic communications equipment manufacturers, and to increased intra-group industrial synergies and intensive efforts to develop 5g network communications, material networking, and steam
Market areas such as car electronics, medical devices, industrial controls; $4 memory chip collection of $61.42 million (-94.43 per cent) and Māori ratio of 0.43 per cent (+4.36 pcts). Special integrated circuit heights + security edge improvements in smart chips, corporate overall Māori ratio, net
Profit, roe growth, interest rate, roe upturn, mainly one smart security chip business marginal improvement, Māori rate 29.69 per cent (+3.38 pcts) and company support to the winning customer China moves 111.4 million super Sim cards
Product collection projects, coupled with a rapid increase in the volume of corporate telecommunication chips in overseas markets;2 special integrated circuit operations, as the company ' s highest value-added business, have benefited from high demand in specialized downstream areas and have grown rapidly to 59.77 per cent of the company ' s overall business (+4.70 pcts),
The overall profitability of the company has been boosted by the air-carrying building, S.A.C. The overall cost has remained largely on the rise, with increased investment in research and development going beyond key technologies.
In-house development expenditures include, inter alia, the Special Integrated Circuit Research and Development Project, the High-end Smart Chip Development Project, the Semiconductor Power Facility Development Project, the Electronic Component and Other Research and Development Project, which covers the company's main business, and continued research and development inputs that will facilitate the Division's efforts to achieve closure in the areas of digital power sources, high performance clocks, high-speed high-precision adc/dac, protection of circuits, isolation chips, sensors chips, etc.
A breakthrough in key technology will drive business to grow steadily over the next few years. The increase in accounts receivable and good operating cash flow, which is 4.26 percentage points higher than at the end of 2020, is largely due to an increase in the size of integrated circuit operations.
At the end of the cash flow, the cash flow of the company’s operations is $181 million (+172.98%), mainly due to increased corporate profits and sales returns. On 10 June 2021, the company completed the public issuance of $1.5 billion in convertable corporate bonds, raising funds for the development and industrialization of, inter alia, a new high-end series of chip development and industrialization projects, vehicle-borne control chip development and industrialization projects, and replenishment of liquidity.
The former operating cash flow provides sufficient funds for future companies to pay $1.5 billion in debt-transferable principals. National logo: the demand for special equipment downstream during the "145" period was strong, national production was replaced, IT was driven by three-fold factors, product spectrometry The full-time subsidiary of the company, Shenzhen National Insignia, was in the lead domestically in the area of special integrated circuit technology, covering seven series of more than 500 ic.
Products (fpga, high reliability storage, high reliability simulations, bus, high reliability microprocessors, new generation Sopc chips, interface drivers, power management chips), specifically developed and applied for: 1 special microprocessor and packaged chip group products continued to be rolled out with bulk applications in important embedded areas;
Special fpga products are new, a new generation of high-capacity fpga products of 2 x nanometers is widely recognized in the market, and leadership continues in important areas such as signal processing, information security, network interconnection, automatic control, etc.3 Special storage products are technologically advanced and rich in variety, are the most widely covered product series in the country's special applications and maintain a huge number of products.
4. The company continues to maintain a leading market share in network bus, interface products.3 In the area of analogue products, the market share of the company ' s products such as power chips, power modules, power monitoring, etc. has continued to grow.6 The company is also engaged in digital power sources, high performance clocks, high-speed high-precision adc/dac, protection of circuits, isolation chips, sensor chips, etc.
Increased R & D investment has made a breakthrough in some key technologies, and is expected to be a new growth point for companies during the fourteen-five-year period. We believe that companies are expected to grow at a high rate, driven by a three-fold expansion of scale-plus product spectrums, driven by downstream special equipment deployments, special national production substitution, and informatization.
Coker micros: Support for China’s 111.4 million supersim card product collection projects, which have been imported into the country’s smart card industry, which has achieved remarkable success and is now one of the world’s largest smart card markets. Finance, transportation, communications, electricity, social security and identification are the main applications of smart cards.
The whole chip, using leading process technology nodes and efficient design, has significant advantages in performance, cost, reliability, etc., and has both domestic and external authoritative certification qualifications such as Silver Union chip security certification, national secret secondary certification, international sogiscceal, and anec-q100 Car Code certification, which is widely applied in various areas such as financial payments, identification, object networking, mobile communications, smart terminals, vehicle connectivity, etc.
Sub-area: 1 telecommunications: The complete layout of the company’s telecommunication chip product provides a rich product selection for the global market, which will provide great development opportunities in the 5g era. During the reporting period, the company supported the consumer’s 111.4 million China Super Sim card product collection project, which supports the demand for innovative applications such as 5g, digital currency, digital identity, etc., and represents the trend in the sim card product.
At the same time, corporate telecommunication chip products have grown rapidly from overseas markets, becoming market owners: 2 Financial: Financial Payments Safe Products, companies have continued to lead the industry based on excellent product quality and services, and products support multiple digital payment schemes to support new financial payment applications. During the reporting period, companies continued to have a market share in the domestic bank's ic card chips.
Upgraded; the social security card market actively advanced and made a breakthrough in a number of projects; focused on the dynamic overseas market, the bank card, payment end product sales, three vehicles, i.e. the company ' s Car Code safety chip program has imported a number of well-known car companies and delivered bulk supplies. Work on research and development and industrialization of high end-of-pipe chips and vehicle-borne control chips is well under way, bringing new impetus to the company ' s future development.
We believe that, in 2012-2019, the global sim card market was highly competitive, leading to a downward trend in corporate Māori (from 37.56 per cent to 22.27 per cent), and that the scale of corporate smart security chip revenues has increased by over 40.12 per cent, and Māori rates have returned to a marginal improvement as the company moves to the foreign sim card market and the domestic high-end safe smart card market.
Utility: Large-scale fpga R & D is progressing well, small- and medium-scale fpga multi-products have been delivered steadily, and semi-annual profits have been realized for the first time. Shenzhen City Utility Electronics Co. Ltd. is a company-owned subsidiary specializing in the development and production of programmable logical devices (fpga, cpld, etc.). In the first half of 2021, the same flashlights completed a new round of replenishments and continued to increase R & D inputs. Large-scale fpga R & D is progressing well.
Lei, small- and medium-scale fpga multi-products have matured and steadily delivered, and significant progress has been made in the areas of video image processing, engineering and consumer markets. Planning for the new generation of programable technological innovation products platform chip sopc has been initially completed, the first generation of sopc products has started to be developed, and rich resources such as embedded processors, programmable modules, high-speed interfaces and multiple application types of ip are available, with basic layouts, edges, etc.
For the first time, profits of $89 million have been realized, generating investment returns for companies. We believe that fpga is working as a high-end chip with significant performance advantages.
There is plenty of space in the areas of letters, industrial controls, and consumer electronics, and according to marketresearchfuture data, the fpga global market model is expected to reach approximately $12,521 billion in 2025. From the domestic market, the fpga market will be 12 billion yuan in size, and the purple light and creativity will be the leading fpga business in the country, and its value cannot be ignored.
Increased competition and low Māori product ratios; high levels of purple light and research and development inputs that continue to cause large investment losses for listed companies; wind of trade frictions; Figure 6: Corporate structure of 2021h1 products (billions of yuan)