The company's evaluation reports that q2 pig chicken prices are falling, and that the cost of living pigs is improving.
Shenzhe Yo, the cost of farming has increased, and profits from pig-raising have declined significantly over the same period. o2 chicken prices have suppressed profit growth, and in August chicken prices improved by 2021h1
The sale of 484 million chickens (chicks, fresh products and cooked foods) was +0.97 per cent in the same year; the meat business gross was 13.99 per cent in the same year +24.98 pct. In the first half of the year as a whole, the sales price of the company ' s chickens and ducks increased substantially in the same year as the profits of the poultry business.
+0.87%; sales averaged $12.39/kg, ring ratio - 13.78%, same ratio +11.72%; q2 chicken price shows a downward trend and we estimate a basic profit/loss balance in May and a loss in June.
In the case of fresh products, 21h1 sells 69 million items, compared to 33.51 per cent in the same year, up to 13.5 per cent. In the case of capacity-building, the company has steadily promoted the development of small-scale farming and slaughtering capacity, with the existing chicken-producing small-scale production capacity of about 170 million units and single-shift slaughter capacity of about 256 million units per year.
In terms of self-sufficiency, the company has accelerated the supply of pigs through three hybrid pig production models. The company has increased its capacity to feed itself significantly. The company’s high-volume stock of pigs has risen by more than one million, and at the end of June, the average cost of production of pigs fell to $470 per head, with some of the best species.
The company’s full cost of self-sufficiency is declining every month. Investment is proposed to benefit from a return to the price of chicken, and the company’s meat performance is either positive: as the pig increases its self-sufficiency and efficiency, the company’s full cost of pig production is expected to fall down, followed by performance.
The company's performance is expected to improve significantly. The “recommended” rating is maintained. 1, risks from animal disease, 5, risks to food security, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.