High growth in 2021q1 performance, g12 silicon acceleration recommended (first time)
The production of g12 silicon is booming and growing. The company's output of g12 silicon is rising in the first quarter of 2021. The company's output of g12 silicon is rising.
About 5gw, this year the share of silicon silicon tablets will increase from 10% to more than 60% from last year, and the production costs will be further reduced and the product performance will increase again as the company accelerates the implementation of five phases of the Inner Mongolia project.
This year it is expected to achieve full production of single crystal silicon tablets, which will increase from 55gw/year to 85gw/year by the end of 2020. On 1 February, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the People’s Government of the Ningxia Autonomous Region for the construction of a 50gw (g12) silicon tablets project (six projects), which is expected to be completed by the end of 2021.
By 2023, the company ' s total photovoltaic single crystal silicon production capacity would have reached 135gw or more, of which g12 capacity would have exceeded 100gw, and it was expected to further strengthen its size and cost advantages and consolidate its competitiveness in the new energy source materials industry.
The semiconductor technology is so deep that it is about high growth. For more than 60 years, the company's semiconductor industry has made a major breakthrough in key technology, product performance quality, producing quantities of the country's main digital logic chip, storage chip producers, and traditional power semiconductor products with silicon chips (5).
Inch, 6 inch, 8 inch) has grown steadily, supplying domestic and foreign users. The Chinese ring shares now have the capacity to produce 3-12 inches of full-scale semiconductor silicon products. In 2020, the company’s semiconductor silicon silicon silicon silica was increased by 30% on a year-on-year basis and remained in short supply.
Inches, 12 inches of product have been put into production line, with the company semiconductor silicon silicon sold abroad in 2020 at 40%. The company’s base Fab2 crystal growth plant is expected to be operational in 2021, and with the expansion of the 8 inch semiconductor silicon silicon at Tianjin base and the launch of the 8-12 inch 2 project at Jiangsu base
Move, the company's 8-12 inch semiconductor silicon production capacity will be further enhanced. The company achieved 8 inches of production by the end of 2020, with an expected 750,000 pieces of production per month and 1 million pieces of project inputs by 2021 and 2023, respectively, with an eventual planned capacity of 620,000 pieces per month.
The market share in the semiconductor silicon sector is expected to expand further during a period of high growth. The carrier silicon expansion is not as high as expected.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.