In the first half of 2025, the company ' s performance was evaluated: the five-food bulletin reported its performance in 2025. The income achieved in the first half of the year was $52.8 billion, i.e. +4.19 per cent, compared with 4.19 per cent; the net return to the mother was $19.5 billion, i.e. +286 per cent. Of this, 2q25 million, i.e., +0.1 per cent;
There has been a steady increase in the production of VF products, and the structure of the series has changed considerably: sub-products, in the first half of 2025, 5 RMB 41 billion, or +4.26 per cent. Dismantled distribution is equal to +12.7 per cent, and the ton is equal to Liu Lei-jin.
The seat was the main energy scene, with the company having two-digit increases in the number of feasts and bottle openings in the first half of the year. q2 was influenced by changes in the consumer environment, the wholesale prices of the eighth generation of liquid food products dropped markedly, and we estimated that the product had been on the market in recent days, and we were expected to increase sales in the second half of the year.
The product structure has changed considerably, as the white wine industry is in a period of deep adjustment, and the medium- and low-priced alcohol is more popular among consumers. Direct distribution channels contribute to the increase in income: split channels, with sales mode revenue of $27.9 billion in the first half of 2025, compared to 1.2 per cent in the previous year; direct sales revenue of $21.2 billion, compared to +8.6 per cent in the end of the period, is lower than at the beginning of the year.
One hundred and forty-two, ring ratio-5.2%, and we expect the bulk price of the product to drop out of some of the distributors, but the scale of the change is still manageable. The increase in direct sales revenue is due to the company's efforts to develop its customers, as well as the continued promotion of the “Three Shops” building, the successful development of 60 business-type clients in the first half of the year, with a total of 242 new professionals.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my pay was not in the past.
This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.