It's a liquor industry.
One million yuan. +2.28 per cent. Of these, 2025q2 companies achieved 15,831 million yuan. +0.1 per cent: at the core, they are mega-nationals in the fields of smart manufacturing, food packaging, modern-day flows, financial investment, health industries, etc.
There's a conglomerate. Its dominant product, LSD, has a long history and has a deep cultural base, and the price of Chinese fragrance white wine has fallen in tons, leading to a slight decline in the Māori rate. In the first half of the year, the Māori rate for alcohol products declined by 82.20 per cent, compared with the previous year.
The title “National name 0.39%, of which the Māori rate for five foods and liquid products is 86.45%, a decline of 0.24 pcts from the same year.” Other alcohol products, alcohol, were first selected for coverage under the Central European Geographical Indicators Agreement.
The Māori rate was 60.74 per cent, a 1.49 pct decline in the same year, and the change in Māori rate was due mainly to the increase in the discounts resulting from increased market input with companies, as well as to the company ' s increase in the low ton price of 5 grains and 1618 injections. The same increase of 4.6 per cent was recorded for 25H1 per cent of liquid products, with sales increasing by 12.7 per cent compared to the same figure, measured at the same ton price.
Other alcohol revenues increased by 2.7 per cent over the same period, sales increased by 58.8 per cent, and the measured tonnage fell by 35.3 per cent. According to the distribution pattern, revenues were on the same basis +1.2 per cent, direct sales pattern receipts were on the same basis + 8.6 per cent, and the cost rate was generally stable and cash flows improved on the same basis.
The increase of 1.54 pcts is due mainly to the company ' s increased promotion fee input during the rest of the season. The administrative cost rate is 4.22%, a decrease of 0.04 pcts compared to the same period, and the administrative cost rate is stable. With respect to cash flows, 25q2 sales commodities received a similar increase of 12.0%, and net operating cash flows were 18.4% compared to 18.4%.
The channel layout continues to improve, and the market’s influence has increased steadily. The company’s focus is on the development of more sophisticated channels, with 7,990 new booster terminals in the first half of the year; the seizure of the party’s consumption scene; and the opening and opening of feasts in the first half of the year.
(a) Double-digit growth in both numbers, with service to more than 2.83 million consumers; successful development of business-type clients with a total equity/flowa share (in thousands); 60; and continued promotion of the “Three Shops One” building, with a total of 242 new units to fill 18 vacant districts;
In 20 core cities, there has been a steady increase in the number of terminal orders. This year, the company has also stepped up the reform of its personnel management and organizational structure.
At the same time, the company promoted the reform of the channel, which was announced in early January 2025, followed by the closure of traditional channels.
They demand that the traditional channel quotas be reduced in accordance with uniform rules, and that the reduction be transferred to a newly established exclusive company to open up sales in the form of direct sales. Both size and dividends are the highest since the market.
The company’s market influence in high-end alcohol is continuously rising. The company is expected to achieve a net return on its homecoming in 2025. Effective demand is expected to recover less than expected: the company’s management is not as good as expected. s1480070003.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the five grains (000858.sz): smooth running, running through the cycle, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities reports five grain fluids (000858.sz): smooth business, running through cycles.
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, Menssoe, King Kiting.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Five grain fluids (000858.sz): operating smoothly, across cycles, does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.