The banquet led the growth of the bottle opening rate to counter-cyclical gluts. \triangleright \triangleright \
A double-digit increase in the number of squares and bottle-openings has been maintained in the market. The overall increase in performance has been reduced. 49.20 billion yuan, or +4.26 per cent, has been achieved in the 25h1 liquor main camp, with volume splits: volume increases +44.59 per cent, and five-year quarterly reviews: 24 years of smooth closing expectations for reform.
Sub-products: 15 % of liquid food products received 40,998 million yuan, i.e. +457%, volume +12.75%/price - 7.25%, mainly due to the same increase in the number of feasts and bottle openings dominated by 1618 and 39 degrees of fluid, falling prices or the increase in the volume of discounts as a result of marketing practices such as banquet policy, scavenging red bags, etc.
In late August, the company launched a 29-degree new product, "A first-in-the-art", with a sale price of $399 per bottle in Kyoto, which is expected to increase in the second half of the year. 2 other wines generated $8,122 million, i.e. 2.73 per cent, volume + 58.81 per cent, and 4-year quarterly reviews: steady lifting, focused on marketing implementation.
First, during the year, the firm increased consumer interaction to increase repurchases through a season-scan red bag; second, a modest reduction in the threshold of the feast policy for popular price belt products and an expansion of the guest population; and, third, an increase in the expansion of new and emerging channels such as electricity suppliers, supermarkets, instant retailing and local life, and an increase in sales transformation.
The Division's marketing organization structure has been restructured to establish a vertical control system for “headquarters-regional centres-endpoints” and to reduce the management links that can enhance management's efficiency and responsiveness to market changes.
White District; the number of q2 end-of-life five-food and liquid stores reached 1,768, and 18 fewer than six months ago were either willing to clear illegal stores, reflecting firm ' s firm ' s firm ' s commitment to price stability. Homes, 1,077 dealers in the firm, 18 more than at the end of 24q4.
The total revenue of the top five distributors amounts to $3061 million, or +181%, compared to +38.5 pcts to 61.20% in the liquor mains.
Lower structure, higher discounts and higher promotion fees to suppress the profit center, with higher cash return ratios, compared to +1.54-0.04 pcts, q2 sales cost increases, mainly due to promotion costs and a significant increase in sales, resulting in a net increase of +63 per cent over the same year, mainly as a result of the higher number of bank bills paid by dealers during the same period last year, and this year ' s purchase price
The ratio of cash to cash is higher, and the quality of the repayments has improved. Investment proposal: unshakable with the first single item at a price of $5,000, short-term policy repression, follow-up \triangleright
With the policy bias, the social environment of politics and commerce is marginal and loose, and the basics open the path to repair, with five batches of prices and the risk of \triangleright volatility; increased competition in the $1,000 price belt; and food safety risks.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.