There has been an increase in steady harvests, with the product channel being a two-wheel drive — the incident assessment report of the P5 (000858.sz) company, on 27 August 2025, the P5 issued its semi-annual performance announcement for 2025.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn’s recovery has increased, and R & D has shrunk profits
2025q2 Māori ratio is equal to 0.3 pct to 74.69 per cent, a moderate decrease; sales cost is equal to 2 pct to 18.88 per cent, mainly as a result of the company's adherence to the overall position of “market implementation promotion year” and increased investment in brand marketing promotion fees; and management cost rates
Companies continue to invest more in scientific research projects, such as production processes. There has been an increase in the firm’s steady harvest, with a positive marketing strategy in place, a “half-time” target achieved in the first half of the year, and a steady increase in performance throughout the year.
In the first half of the year, the company actively pushed for a new product, completing a drinking sail.
New products such as Fashion and King King's list are on the market, accelerating the push for 29 degrees of 5 grains, 1, 5 grains (000858): q1 slightly ahead of schedule, accompanied by 1618 and 39 degrees of 5 canteens and feasts.
. Expecting the effectiveness of the reform of the channel 2025-05 - Stable Growth, which together contributes incrementally to corporate business. 2, Five Foods fluids (000858): Marketing Implementation
Channel layout continues to improve, market share is rising steadily, year of increase, stability is paramount. 2024-12-279.25/2119.5 million dollars.
For the first half of the year, the number of feasts and bottle sweeps was equal to the average.
Maintenance of double-digit growth; 60 successful business-type clients; 242 new “three shops” to fill 18 vacant districts; 20 core cities with direct end-to-end distribution and steady increase in terminal orders.
We look forward to the firm's determination to maintain the price system, to restore confidence in the channel, to speed up the downside risks of the macroeconomy, the growth of the season short of expectations, the increase in the prices of the batch, and the introduction of the food and beverages group.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, eight years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
It reflects my research. I've never been, never been, nor will I be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.