Peace in China (601318): Stand deep and jump, and the success of the reform of the channel will be accelerated to show peace in China.
China reported a performance review for 2022, and China revealed a business income of $111,0568 million during the reporting period.
A share-based insurance company has developed into a multi-billion dollar insurance policy, with an increase of 0.2 per cent over the previous year; of that, life and health insurance are transferred to the parent ' s operating profits of $111,235 million, and the three main branches of insurance, banking and investment are integrated and central.
The personal money developed in parallel with financial operations on the Internet is worth $14,23,763 million, an increase of 2.0 per cent from the end of the year.
Leading private financial life service providers, adhering to the concept of “high volatility in equity markets and exposure to housing-related risks, investment-end pressures becoming technology-led finance, financial services life during the reporting period”, through
The core factor of the slides. In 2022, the Russian-Turkish conflict, the US-European Central Bank’s rapid interest hikes, among others, were influenced by “combined finance + Internet” and “Internet + consolidated finance”, increased volatility in capital markets in the interior and Hong Kong, and exposure to real estate risks.
Two models, focusing on the "big financial assets" and "big health" industries, create "specialties" for customers around the four main sections of insurance, banking, asset management, Internet finance.
By contrast, banking continues its steady and rapid growth, with industry making life easier." Companies are countries where profitability and asset quality have risen steadily, and they become groups when insurance owners and investment are under pressure.
One of the most closely connected groups of personal financial life services is the “stabilizer” with the most comprehensive internal financial license plates, the widest range of operations and controlling interests.
The company has been working since the end of 2019.
While the unexpected impact of the epidemic has slowed the pace slightly, the Peace Trust, the Peace Guarantee, the Peace China Foundation and so on, after several stages, have led to a marked improvement in the structure and capacity of the current workforce as compared to the early stages of the reform.
The financial sector has grown into a minority in China, and the structure has shifted from a traditional pyramid to a more robust dumb bell, and the rate of loss of agents at all levels does not provide the client with the full range of insurance, banking and investment.
One of the financial enterprises in financial goods and services, with the same decline, the efficiency of the newcomer development continues to improve.
A positive cycle of high retention rates. Two consecutive years of double-digit growth in performance and productivity in proximate teams: medium-potential workforce capacity and income reversed the downward trend in 2022 to achieve high growth; the “good plus” workforce in the new workforce rose rapidly, up by 14 percentage points from 2021.
At a point, production capacity and income are three to four times the size of the material. In the company’s reform of multiple channels, community grids make a significant contribution, and the current community grid commissioners are made up of elite teams, effectively reducing the number of “orphans” and helping to reverse the continuing decline of 13 to 25 months. In addition, 2022
In recent years, companies have adapted their strategic plans to social development trends and their own endowments, and have now given high priority to large health-care industries. The firm’s buyers’ group is looking for mature, high-quality North-based health-care resources.
High-level “hospitals + humans” are important players in the company’s strategy to develop health care. With the two main platforms of good health care, life and health care, companies have been able to integrate the best health services available on the market.
Clients, raising the average cost of the product, the rate of continuity, and the rate of household plus insurance, which will allow further release of the product. Through three years of reform, the company’s agents’ workforce and output will be effectively upgraded, with the core agents, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
A growing team, with a better proximate agent structure, is expected to be in a better position to compete with foreign institutions, such as domestic counterparts and friends. At the same time, with high-quality bankers’ resources and intra-group efficiency agreements, companies are expected to dominate the high-growth track of silver insurance, building the second-highest growth in indebtedness.
Moreover, with the support of policies for efficient financial and technological empowerment and a healthy industrial chain, and in conjunction with the acquisition of the North Medical Group, the company ' s big health platform is well developed and the company ' s core strengths are expected to be effective. On the whole, we still view the company as a domestic insurance leader, under the industry ' s Matthews effect.
Peace in China (601318): "Standing high, the success of the reform of the channel is accelerating, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East."
East Hing Securities Insight Report, China Peace (601318).
B.A., University of Wuhan, Master's degree, University of Nankai, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016. Ninth Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and 10th Crystal and Non-Bank Finance Industry in 2016.
Master of Economics, 2019, joined East Hing Securities. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.