Pinganinsurance (group)ofchina (601318) with funmresoltioninthecriticcaltime, pingan insuranceexpectsmeetingful
This is the first time I've ever heard of you.
#reversalaffective investmentthesis
Pinganinsuranceenjoysanattributeofposiveoption Valuefrompandemiccontrol optimizationandconomicrecoper.itslowvalationprovidationprovidation, and marginallyrecoveringenvironmentleadstovastacitity.weblievethathat
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. President, for your help, and for your help, for your help.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
"Safe China" (601318): year 2022, year 22, and year 22, year 22, year 2022.
Quarterly Review: The spread of the epidemic has cost two millions of dollars and cost two million dollars in the world.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about.
"Peace in China" (601318): 2022 achievedinitialresources. Basedondigitaltools, assessment report: team quality now turning points.
"Performance, qualityandbehavior", with the internallogicof"goodssupportsgoodqualityquality, whichinturndrivesgoodforce", andguidestams toformaposivefeedbackbackbackmanof"retentimprovement, equalityimprovement, equalityimprovement,
".pingan'snewbank & insuranceteamplaysan important trategileincreasingbankingreveau, meetingcustoms'diversificated social
"Assentallocationneds, andoptimizingfinancechannelstructures. Brokeragemitedwouldliketo earlysforcast&rating:wemaintainouriradinalringsforeastcastandextectthe
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it, and we've got to get to the bottom of it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
zhu, orproductsidereformeffects. Peace in China (601318)
# In the middle of the game # # in the middle # # in the middle # # in the dawn # # in the middle # # in the middle # # in the middle # # in the middle # # in the middle # # in the middle # # in the middle # # in the middle # # in the middle # # # in the middle # # in the middle # # # in the middle # # # in the middle # # # in the middle # # # in the middle #
▪ China’s safe and implicit positive-end options for disease control and economic recovery, with lower valuation levels giving security cushions and marginal elasticity to a good internal and external environment. We believe that this cycle of life insurance recovery looks at the epidemic in the short term, the teams in the medium term, the products in the long run.
Well-repaired, life-threatening plates are expected to hit Davis double, while short-term asset-end logic is stronger, and long-term liability-end elasticity is a test of the success of head-risk life-risk transitions. We believe that peace, as a leader in life-risk reform, can lead the industry out of the trap.
• The external environment: the dawn is now waiting for us to fly. Real estate policies are falling, policy orientations are being reversed, and the thinking of the marketers is becoming clear. With the expected warming of the economy’s recovery through the optimization of the vaccination policy, the build-up of the credit multipliers is expected to be matched by long-end interest rates and equity markets.
While there is no real signal at the end of the life-risk liability, opportunities are being created. On the supply side, as the number of listed risk groups has increased in recent years, although the number of listed risk groups remains low, it is clear that the drop has been reduced seasonally and the capacity of the workforce to sustain recovery has become a new order.
On the demand side, a combination of security, profitability, and liquidity gains are emerging in a low interest rate environment. The yield rate is falling and the willingness of residents to deposit is increasing, and we expect a 1q23 to be marketed for new policies and prices.
The company upgrades the slogan "financial technology" from the existing brand logo to "professional value," reflecting its original commitment to be a shareholder, client, employee, and so forth.
The public creates long-term interest and value aspirations. The company's quarterly talent-recruitment program yields initial results, and the three-star evaluation system relies on digital tools around the three dimensions of “good performance, good quality, good behavior” to “be good for good behaviour, good quality for good” performance.
For the underlying logic, the team is guided to form a positive feedback mechanism for "maintaining a qualitative improvement in income, attract an increase in income, attract a boost".
The need for meta-assembly and optimized life-risk channel structures is of strategic importance. Quarterly reviews: the spread of the epidemic has cost less than two billion dollars to create a new engine for value growth in health care.
At the end of the day, attention was paid to the opening of the door and the expectation of catalyticity, and the Chinese version of the “managerial medical model” was launched in an innovative manner, providing a one-stop medical health service for individuals and group clients “saving hearts, time and money” and empowering financial operators.
Peace in China (601318): At the end of September 2022, more than 64 per cent of the nearly 228 million clients who were safe used the health-care environment at the same time.
We keep the group p/ev target values, and we keep the "buy-in" rating.
The report is supported by professional research and analysis, particularly thanks to the less-than-expected reform of the product end-of-products of Hao, Gogyu and Chu.
1.1. China’s share price falls by more than 50% at the height of its share price, as a result of the continuing spread of the new crown pneumonia epidemic, the downside of the real estate industry, the new lows in the year of the long end interest rates and the large fluctuations in the equity market.
Over $90 per share in July 2020, followed by Happiness Property defaults in summer, the continued spread of new bills and value increases, long-end interest rates and equity market shocks, and the continued underperformance of company life insurance reforms. We believe that this round of life risk recovery is short-term, medium-term, long-term, product-based.
The situation is constantly being repaired, the life risk plate is expected to hit Davis twice, while the short-term asset end is more logically resilient, and the long-term liability end elasticity is testing the success of the head risk life risk transition, mainly because of the high consumption profile of the life insurance industry, which requires a process of “demand recovery, human warming, product upgrading”.
The recovery needs to go through “stock capacity improvement – stable marketing – the bottom of the new policy premium – up,” and is currently in the second phase of the transition to phase III. China is safe to cover the positive options for disease prevention and recovery, with lower valuation levels giving security cushions, and marginal margins giving elastic valuation elasticity to a good internal and external environment.
2.1. Analysis of marginal changes in real estate risks
The production-sector policy winds have become the focus of investors’ attention. While real estate, industry risk prevention and quality control, enhanced risk screening and regulation efforts have been given high priority from the group to the subsidiary level, the exposure to real-estate risks held by companies and the landscape of real-estate policies have become the focus of investors’ attention.
On the one hand, the share of investment in safe houses is higher than that of the main counterparts, as measured by the ratio of the balance of investment in hazardous housing, and is estimated to be 5.2 per cent, 5.1 per cent, 4.3 per cent and 2.0 per cent, respectively, up to 1h22, Taibo, Xinhua, and Xinhua.
The proportion of investment means that the risk factors of real estate policy are much more pronounced. On the other hand, secure property exposures are dominated by top private enterprises, including Beguio Park, Happiness summer, Xu Xu Xing, etc., which are expected to follow the launch of this support policy in the context of falling down for two or three years.
2. Analysis of marginal changes in the state of the epidemic, and the state of the epidemic’s prevention and control are gradually warming up to both ends of the promising life-risk industry. On November 11, the State Department reported on the current situation.
Measures to prevent and control the epidemic have been partially optimized with the introduction of the “Twenties to Prevent and Control the Epidemic” initiative, this time with appropriate relaxations in the areas of containment, risk zone management and nucleic acid detection requirements under the general approach of “dynamic zero sustainability”, such as: “7+3 management” for close contact adjusted to “5+3 management”, and “high, medium, and risk zones divided by “high, medium”
Low three levels are reduced to "high and low" and so on. The epidemic’s state of alert will strongly support the recovery of the life-threatening sector, with the asset end reflected in the recovery of equity markets, the expected recovery of the economy, and the warming of the investment generated by the recovery, while the indebtedness end is now the recovery of the size of the workforce and the recovery of new single-value data.
External environmental factors are conducive to the sale of red products, and China’s external environment is either safe or over-expected. The external environment is good for two factors: 1) the rate of return on the competition is declining; 2) the willingness of residents to save is increasing.
The internal and external environment is favourable and looks forward to the expected opening of the door, and 1023 is expected to see a substantial increase in the value and value of the venture. According to the current feedback from the sale of the open door and red product, the opening of the door in 2023 is expected to be more than double-digit in view of the favourable performance of the internal and external environment and the stable supply of the product.
Growth. Horizontal comparisons of open-door products by head risk companies continue to show a homogenization of product patterns, which is reflected mainly in the accompanying services behind the policy, and the healthy 2023 opening-door product, which is competitive among the many open-door products of the same industry, owing to its diversity and excellent rate of return.
In late August 2022, the China Peace Group announced the official rejuvenation and upgrading of the company brand, primarily upgrading the label "financial technology" in the existing brand, to "professional value" and keeping the Chinese and spelling "pingan" of the subject of the brand logo.
This brand change is a return, a legacy, an upgrade, and a rejuvenation. It is an important milestone in China's successful transition to a “integrated financial + health” strategy.
This brand change marks Ping-Am, a leading national business, deeply rooted in China, determined to remain strategic and responsive to the times, and focused on the future, focusing on the company’s 100-year foundation, highlighting the world’s leading brands.
Since 2021, the strategic framework for the reform of the four-channel three products has been perfected. In terms of the avenues for the reform of the life insurance policy, the reform of the proxy channels has been deepened, and cooperation with the Bank for Peace has been strengthened.
Innovative channels such as community grid-connection and sink channels continue to promote high-quality development through multiple channels. On the product side of life insurance reform, the Healthy Ecoosphere of the Safe Life Insurance Group is structured into differentiated competitive advantages through three core services: “Insurance + Health Management”, “Insurance + High-end Pension”, and “Insurance + Home-based Pension.”
4.1. Life insurance channels: good talent, exploration of multiple proxies, still contributing to the transformation of life insurance fundamentals, and gradual upgrading of the multiplicity of channels. Since the reform, the single agent channels have continued to be transformed into multiple channels, with four main channels and a major effort to restructure the channels for life insurance operations.
4.2. Life insurance products: "three years", "four-dimensional" location, life insurance, based on the concept of "cooled-temperature insurance" and increased competitive products based on customer demand.
Supply, and building on the Group's Health Care Eco-Cycle, creates a differentiated competitive advantage through three core services: “Insurance + Health Management”, “Insurance + Home-based Pension”, and “Insurance + High-end Pension”.
Since 2021, we have been exploring new and innovative ways of managing the “hmo+family doctor +o2o” group, providing supply, demand and payment closures, and providing health services to clients “saving, saving time and money.” We will focus on hmo entry points and exploring the new model of the company's “insurance + medical health services”.
5.1. Innovatively introducing the Chinese version of the “managed medical model” and drawing on years of experience in the management of the farming insurance and the medical industry, innovatively introducing the Chinese version of the “managed medical model”. Safely integrating differentiated health care services with the financial operations of the payer is seamlessly integrated for individuals and groups.
By the end of September 2022, more than 64% of the nearly 228 million clients were using the Healthy Eco-Coopers to provide 5.2.
The health-care environment has been effectively integrated with the financial industry to enhance the group’s overall profitability. The health-care environment’s contribution to health can be seen in terms of life, health and production risks: for life insurance, the introduction of “run” products, the internalization of basic health tests, etc., and the enhancement of customer value.
In the case of health insurance, the introduction of the “e-Safe Clinic Additional Package” to provide a certain number and duration of online consultations, thus creating a safe and secure medical loop for clients; and in the case of risk of production, providing clients with both medical treatment and consultation benefits, through one.
6. Life risk operating profits: good quality of business, steady growth in amortization of surplus marginal amortization.