The year 2022 was marked by a steady increase in red and red, with resilience, key words: # underperformance, Ju Jie Yu.
▪ Events: China ' s safe disclosure of the 2022 annual report: 1. Realizing the return-to-mother profits of $148,365 million, the main difference between net profits and operating profits being the volatility of short-term investments of $46,791 million and changes in discount rates. End-of-pipe investment deficits are recognized so that they can be lightly assembled after the epidemic and should be implemented in compliance with the accounting standards for new insurance contracts
In 2022, the share of cash in cash was $2.42, an increase of 1.7% over the same year, highlighting its resilience. Life insurance reforms are still under way, with the new business value (nbv) in 2022 being less than 2019 (pre-epidemiological) showing a sharp decline of 39.6% in the same year (the manpower at the end of the year was still at the bottom of 4.45 million), but the per capita Nbv is the same.
A 22.1 per cent increase, a 22.5 per cent increase in the average monthly income of the workforce, and a qualitative improvement resulting from a positive and continuous clean-up and a 14.1 per cent increase in the ratio of superior + human capacity to the same number of new manpower. The Ministry of Digital Industries has completed the extension of the National Department of Commerce; the value of the new guaranteed business in the long term is equal to the value of the product in terms of product attribution
This is a 50% decline, mainly due to the spread of the epidemic, which lowers the expected disposable income of the population. In 2022, life insurance operations maintained a strong profit growth rate, thanks to a recovery in operating deviations and other contributions under more conservative assumptions and a decline in tax rates, but the remaining marginality and amortization have been slowed slightly by the continuing negative growth of new operations in recent years.
We expect that the company’s nbv will grow by a single digit throughout the years 1q23 and 2023.
Millions of dollars, mainly due to the capacity of micro-enterprise clients to pay back due to difficulties in doing business. Focusing on macroeconomic recovery in the wake of the epidemic, it has contributed to improving the quality of guaranteed risk operations.
Middle-life risk was 0.2 per cent lower at the beginning of the year, life risk was 11 per cent, negative returns on investment were delayed, life risk was increased by about 4.6 per cent, and the rejection of goodwill from the new group was delayed by about 2.4 per cent.
Operating assumptions and model changes, as well as operating differences, are 1.0% delayed. This is due to the net/total investment return in 2022.
Peace in China (601318): Chess to China Figure 3: The company ' s manpower is still declining (in thousands) Figure 4: The Nbv downside is shrinking under the same assumption as life and health insurance
Figure 5: Increased productivity of life insurance agent activities Figure 6: Corporate nbv makes up medium- and long-term guaranteed business contributions that hit the bottom
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board