Non-Golden Financial Insurance, China ' s Safe 2022 annual report, remarks: "I'm sorry, I'm still waiting for the reverse."
The impact of factors such as the restriction of agency activity, the weakening of the population's appetite for consumption, the obstruction of the team of agents' optimization process has put life and health insurance under pressure, resulting in a new business value of $28.820 billion, a 24.0 per cent decline in the same year, and a 24.1 per cent decline in the value of the new business, a 3.7 per cent decrease in the same year.
This has led to a significant increase in agent productivity, with a 22.1% increase in the value of new businesses per capita compared to the previous year.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares)
In 2022, in a difficult external environment, China made steady progress in the reform of life insurance, laying a solid foundation for subsequent performance restoration. In the light of recently released data on income from the original premium, the original premium income for January-February was $13.31 billion, up from the same period last year.
The creation of the National Directorate for Financial Supervision, with approximately 5.1%, has already yielded results in the reform of life insurance.
With the rapid pace of the process and the diversification of channels at the ground level, we hope to see life-risk operations reverse the downward trend of 2023/03/07 and nbv return to growth.
The Pacific Bank Week Perspective: The recent closure of bond dealers, affected by guaranteed production insurance operations, increased the coor combined cost rate to 100.3 per cent in 2022 and earned $298.038 billion in insurance premiums for safe production insurance, representing an increase of 10.4 per cent over the same period.
The difficulties encountered by micro-enterprises in running their businesses have increased the risk of default on loans, resulting in a combined cost rate of between 0 and 20 per cent. The breakdown is as follows: car insurance has been affected by the fine-tuning of business reforms, with the number of insured vehicles increasing by 4.6 per cent compared to the previous rate, and the original insurance premium for car insurance operations has increased by $201,298 million, or 6.6 per cent compared to the previous rate of 6.6 per cent.
Due to the reduced demand for travel by residents in 2022, there was a marked improvement in the rate of reimbursement for vehicle insurance, resulting in a significant contribution to the production insurance operation. The original insurance premium revenue for the credit insurance operation was $21,934 million, an increase of 21.2 per cent, but a loss of $9,013 million was incurred due to factors such as operating in the economic environment.
In the long run, the country’s economic stimulus policy has been followed by macroeconomic warming, and small and medium-sized enterprises have gradually emerged from the difficult situation, which is expected to lead to a significant improvement in SSS operations by 2023, reducing the overall combined cost of production insurance.
But the combined and total return on investment was lower than expected. As of 2022, the balance of real estate investment in China ' s safe investment portfolio stood at RMB 2,045,662 million, or 4.7 per cent of the total, and as an important driver of economic recovery, we were expected to see a recovery in the real estate sector, while at the same time holding back.
In 2023, with the introduction of the country’s economic and social policy, the warmth of capital markets and the rise in real estate activity, and the efficiency of the capital sector, we believe that the company is still in the midst of a dramatic change in the external environment over the past year.
Under pressure, with the liberalization of the anti-control policy, the demand side is expected to be released this year.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.