Life insurance has worked well, with steady growth in the overall cash pool: China released its 2022 annual report safely and the company ' s 2022 shareholding profits were $148,365 million, i.e. +0.3 per cent, operating 17.9 per cent, i.e. 1.0 per cent, and returned.
Life insurance reforms have been very effective, and there has been a marked improvement in the quality of personnel. 1) For the last three years, the company has continued to deepen its efforts to reform the Wang Qing Dynasty, to promote the strategy of Channel 4+3 products, and to improve its capacity for integrated channels.22
Nbv per capita increased by 14.1 pct per person per year for new manpower, expected to continue growth in March, and we expect a positive increase in the value of the new business throughout the year compared to that of the same number. 2) With regard to agency channels, the workforce structure is steadily optimized and performance is deepened.
In 2022, when the average monthly income of agents was higher, the bank ' s elite and grid-based commissioners expanded in an orderly manner, and the financial operations were smooth and the quality of the vehicle insurance improved significantly.
At present, car insurance coor is significantly optimized, falling by 3.1 pct compared to the previous year; ensuring that insurance operations become more difficult for micro-enterprise clients because of the complexity of the economic environment, which has a negative impact on their ability to repay, and that payments have increased, leading to fluctuations in the overall cor.
Banking development has remained steady. The Bank of Peace has been growing steadily for 22 years, with an annual income of +6.2%, a net profit of +25.3%, and a non-performing loan rate of 1.05%; and a provision of 290.28%, compared to early in the year, is expected to further facilitate the transformation of retail operations.
The company has continued to improve the health-care environment by meeting the needs of its clients through three core services: “Insurance + Health Management/Home Pensions/High-end Pensions.” Fourteen health management centres have been set up throughout the country.
Six level A/City hospitals, with more than 10,000 co-operative hospitals, have achieved 100% co-coverage with 100% of the country’s top 100 and third A hospitals. The company’s construction of the Chinese version of “hmo” is expected to accelerate further, but not to achieve further synergies between insurance and health care.
\triangleright Sindam Securities Co. Ltd. Investment Proposal: 2022, in the face of complex and volatile internal and external challenges, the company was determined to push forward the "Channel."
Reform of "cindasecuritiesco., ltd + Products", strengthening product innovation and channel reform, and continuing to deepen the "Integrative Finance + Medication House No. 1 of 9 West Side Street, Beijing City
The results of the reforms are now being seen. We expect the quality of the 23-year life-risk marketing team to increase further, the end of the liability is expected to continue to improve marginally, and the long-term matching of investment-end assets and liabilities is expected to be further optimized.
The risk factors are not as high as expected; life-risk reforms are not as high as expected; multiple channels are not growing as expected; and large volatility in capital markets is causing sharp declines in investment returns.
Figure 1: Number of insurance agents and rate of increase
Figure 4: Total and net return on investment International financial profession, former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry and General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department, formerly employed in the China-China Portfolio Portfolio, China-Custom. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019.
Maester, Master of Economics, Shandong University, Master of Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France, three years of experience in the non-banking financial sector, formerly employed in the Tianfeng securities, joined the Sinda securities in August 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Zhang Kajing, Master of Science, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials sector, June 2022
She has worked in finance, domestic electricity, and the non-financial sector. She has worked in Chinese banks, civil credit cards.
In November 2022, they joined the CSVC to conduct banking research. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or opinion in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.