Event: April 22, 2019, company report, 2006.47 billion yuan, an increase of 23.09 per cent over the reporting period; revenue from the main coal business
In 2020, the company will focus more on ownership, optimize stocks, and boost the volume. In 2019, the company accelerated the intensive clean-up of non-owners and sold 100% of its affiliated coal-filled international trade and shares to Hong Kong, a fully-owned affiliate of the Sino-Mines Group, and the company and its major shareholders, the Sino-Mulco-Multi Group, moved the financial plate out of the financial block.
In 2019, progress was made in the processing and implementation of projects for schilling coal mines and trenches, and Methanol 2 projects were completed, with a significant increase in the volume of major products sold over 2019, with significant economies of scale. In 2020, when companies sold their own commodities, they stepped up their priority high-quality projects and increased their development, with capital spending planned at $9.9 billion in 2020, of which $4.91 billion was invested in infrastructure and $36.9 million was invested by Vikings.
In 2020, the company will continue to work hard, and the cost per unit of the product will increase by no more than 5%, and the assets will be negative.
The company is still looking for opportunities for strategic expansion. The company plans to build two billion tons of coal from the Limong Base and the Australian Base over a period of three to five years.
Changes in economic development have created opportunities for the consolidation of good assets and, at the same time, for the expansion of new mining wells in the country, thus increasing the corporate coal industry’s focus on high-value dividends, 2018.09.02. At the same time, the Mine Group has promoted asset capitalization and asset securitization, with the aim of achieving a group asset securitization rate of more than 90% in two years, and group high-quality coal holdings.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Profit projection and rating: We expect ps to be $1.59, 1.66 and $1.72 in 20, 21 and 22 years, respectively, taking into account the marginal improvement of production at the \triangleright base, the gradual realization of the management incentive and the release of the post-partum production from the methanol phase II project, and we maintain the company's “buy-in” rating.
Stock price catalytic factors: the successful completion of the camp trenches process, the gradual increase in the use of coal from the thong base, the second phase of the methanol reduction efficiency gains, and the launch of the milling coal mine. Risk factors: the economic slowdown due to the impact of the epidemic and the continued decline in international oil prices, the risk of safe production, and the underproduction of the milling coal mine under construction. \triangleright
He is a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation (CIEAC) and of the China Sindha Business Audit Advisory Expert Bank, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy projects. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on the coal sector since 2019.
Zhang Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering School, University of Mines of China, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.