Values are low and companies are repurchased: on 5 May, the Luang State Coal industry issued a bulletin on the implementation of h share buy-backs, and as at the date of disclosure, the company was repurchased a total of 10.3 million shares of h shareholdings, with total payments made in the Luang State Coal industry (600188.sh)
\triangleright Subject to the approval of the relevant regulatory body and compliance with the laws, administrative regulations, and company charters, the board of directors of the company, on the basis of need and market conditions, practises the relevant number: s150051911001
If the company’s board of directors exercises the general authorization referred to above, the company will legally cancel the back-purchased shares, and the company’s registered capital will be reduced accordingly. >The company has now re-purchased 10.3 million shares, representing about 0.53% of the total stock of h, and 184.51 million shares remain authorized to buy back.
\triangleright, \Triangleright, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,  2020.04, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
In addition, the company responded positively to investors’ concerns by severing less profitable non-coal trading operations, and the annual report of the Luang State Coal Industry (600188.sh): Focus on Main Industries, Growth of Raises 2020.04.23.
During the year, two billion tons of coal were added to the base of the Limong and the Australian bases, one of which is a merger of good assets from changes in economic development that have been affected by the epidemic.
At the same time, the group promotes asset capitalization, asset securitization, with a group asset securitization rate of more than 90% in two years, and group high-quality coal assets can be loaded into listed companies.
♪ Triangleright cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing ♪
1.60 US$, taking into account the marginal improvement in the production of methanol at the thong base, the gradual realization of management incentives and the high dividends rate, to maintain the firm's “buy-in” share rate catalytic factors: the successful completion of the process, the gradual increase in the utilization of coal at the thong base, the second phase of efficiency gains in methanol, and the launch of the Mt.M. Risk factors: the economic slowdown due to the impact of the epidemic and the continued low toll on international oil prices, the risk of safe production, and the low-than-expected production of the millinium coal mine under construction.
\triangleright Tung Ming, Dr., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, China University of Mines (Beijing), Member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, Member of the China Bank of Experts for the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation, Member of the China Bank of Consulting Experts for Business Audit and Inspection, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for research and advice in coal- and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Planning Research and Technical Revision of the Coal Industry Policy
Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering at the General Institute of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business and Industry Management at the Chinese People’s University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master of Technology at the China Mining University School of Mining Engineering, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.