\triangleright \triangleright \
Power field: 23 years of company power cell delivery.
\triangleright Lee Hyo-Hyun 2.01 pcts, fourth place in the country. The company ' s 46 series of large cylinder batteries have been downlined by over 4.25 million.
The 20gwhh large cylinder battery plant was completed in phase I and the first two stages of equipment were phased in. 2) Storage area: 23 years of company storage capacity generated 26.29gwh, an increase of 121.14% over the previous year, ranking third in the world. During the reporting period, the company released a new version of the mr series of energy products, of which mr.big cores used innovation collections.
Fluid and 3t technologies, 96% energy-efficient, mr.giant energy 5mwh, system energy-efficient, like Wang obtained orders from several overseas manufacturers, and energy projects were followed up.
Jubino signed a Lithium Batteries Purchase Agreement with Powin, abs, the United States storage power plant, to supply 10, 13 gwh square lithium phosphate batteries respectively. In September 23, the company signed a memorandum of understanding with Rimac.
In the same month, the company’s subsidiary’s power of 100% of the latitude was notified of the gm’s location to supply it with a 12-v lithium battery system for its research assistant; 2) capacity: in May 23, the company joined the Hungarian debrecen.
Government subsidiaries, pkl have entered into land purchase agreements and memorandums of understanding for the construction of lithium cell production bases in Malaysia and Hungary, respectively. In July 23, the company signed a memorandum of understanding with ea to establish a joint venture in Thailand and to build a battery production base of at least 6 gwh.
Cooperation with daimlertruck, paccar, electrifiedpower to build power cell capacity locally in the United States to serve the local heavy card market through a model of licensing fees. 100 million latitude lithium energy (300014.sz) performance forecast for 2023
Multiply, given the company's technological superiority, the overseas layout is fast-tracked to maintain a “recommended” rating.
Tri-quarter 2023 Lithium 200 million latitudes (30014.sz) Reported: Performance meets expectations and power reserves continue to raise 300 million latitude lithium energy (300014.sz) semi-annual report 2023
Question: Performance meets expectations and power storage operations continue to report to the first quarter of 2023 at 400 million latitudes (300014.sz) and 500 million latitudes (300014.sz) in 2022:
The high growth in power storage cell operations, the advantages of the head effect, the methodological and analytical logic of the study, the independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not been or will not be directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.