Million-latitude lithium energy (300014.sz) Power installations and new energy sources, lithium iii, are growing rapidly and the application landscape is expanding.
Millions of yuan, 34.38% more than the same year, and the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is $4.05 billion, which is a rapid increase in the size of the reserves and stable profitability of the same year. The company achieved gross operating income of $48.784 billion, the country’s fourth, operating income of $23.984 billion, or 31.41% more, of which the company’s 46-series cylinders grew.
Batteries were successfully commercialized, with more than 4.25 million downlines; storage power cells delivered 26.29gwh, as a result of the same growth in liquidity efficiency. 40pl and high-capacity 21,70058e cylinder battery products, meeting performance requirements for different application scenarios while at the same time covering the same side
In terms of power, the company has a fleet of 46950, 12v, 48v, and a variety of models for cars, suv, and mpv. In terms of storage batteries, the company has launched a new generation of mr flagships, and, in addition,
Zhang Wenchen has taken the lead in launching a storage capacity-specific lithium core to effectively address the multiple management, security and economic challenges of large-scale power stations. In addition, the company has been involved in the construction of smart power grids in the country, as well as in the south of China.
Shin Wen Wen, Jiangsulin Ocean Energy Co. Ltd. and Sunshine Power Co. Ltd. have set up a power storage battery project, and have signed strategic cooperation agreements with Powin, wärtsilä, abs, respectively: and participated in Vota Energy Co. Ltd.
To build a new platform for storage energy. In addition, the company has established the Medical Battery Department, which has developed seven major medical services based on different needs, and has given high priority to research and development inputs, actively storing cutting-edge technology in the industry. As of the end of the reporting period, the company’s lithium metal was second-billion-latitude lithium energy: improved profitability, accelerating global expansion.
Batteries have successfully tackled three major technical difficulties, based on a 10ah core, with a maximum of 580wh/kg, supporting 5c output. Semi-solid cells based on a 50ah package can achieve 400wh/kg, with more than 100 million latitudes of lithium energy: power + storage power is growing at both speeds, 46 being large.
In the area of solid-state batteries, the process of commercialization of cylinders can be evaluated with a period of time - 100 million latitudes of lithium energy. The company has conducted studies of polymer-type solid-state batteries, which are now initially stable under house temperature.
Sodium ion batteries are based on concentrated arctic positives and hard carbon negatives compared to energy at 110wh/kg, holding capacity below 10c at a capacity of 100 million latitudes. Lithium 23q1 is performing as expected, with an output ring ratio of up to 90%, and will be developed in the future around the “0” carbon target.
At the end of the reporting period, the company had invested a total of 2,871 million yuan in research and development, an increase of 26.97 per cent over the previous reporting period. The research and development staff had continued to expand to 5291 tons of productive capacity, actively expanding overseas markets and customers.
The first phase of the large cylinder battery plant was completed at the gate, and the first phase of the equipment began at the end of 2023; the first single-scale 60gwhh super plant in the planned industry is under construction. On the overseas side, the company entered into a land purchase agreement with pkl and its controlling companies in Malaysia for the construction of a “cylindrical lithium battery” in Malaysia.
Project: The company entered into a land purchase agreement with a subsidiary of the Government of Debrecen, Hungary, to plan the construction of a large cylinder-carried lithium cell production base in Deblussen, Hungary; and an important cooperation with three internationally recognized companies, namely, Daimler truck, Paccar, electrifedpower, through the collection of an authorized licence fee, with a proposed joint venture
Local capacity-building for power cell production in the United States serves the heavy card market in North America. The Māori ratio is stable at 2024q1, with a significant increase in storage/power output.
+0.11pt. By the end of the quarter, the company ' s fair value change gain was 0.09 billion yuan, a decline of 289.19 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of changes in the fair value of forward closing contracts due to exchange rate fluctuations; business activity generated money. In addition, in January 2024, the company ' s subsidiary, Lake North, was working with Aksajeneratörsanayi
a. Agreement to establish a joint venture in Turkey for the production, marketing and sale of battery modules, outdoor cabinets, containers and the implementation of a project on the implementation of a storage system in Turkey as the master contractor for engineering.
In view of increased competition in the industry, we lower the company’s profit forecast, and the company is expected to return to its net profit share in 2024-2026.