Gradual repair of performance, with upwards and downward linkages in the industry chain leading to a boost in the volume of the booster pool.
Largely due to the optimal cost control capacity and brand advantage of the whole industry chain top-down with lithium carbonate price, the price negotiations were $2.86 billion, with 66.3 days of inventory turnover (73.0 days in 2022) and the working days of accounts payable, after entering 2024, the company ' s financial targets continued to improve with $9.32 billion, corresponding to 16.7 per cent for q1 battalion and net return to the mother.
At $1.07 billion, equal to 6.5 per cent, the price of lithium batteries, the main source of both revenue and profit drops, was rapidly lower than in the same period of the previous year; The global trend of motor motorization has been upwards, with a high rate of growth in the storage market supporting the industry’s boom, and the world’s electric train is still growing at a rapid pace. According to vsales, sales are expected to remain optimistic in 2024.
By 17.5 million vehicles, the same year + 24.9% penetration rate is expected to cross the 20.0% threshold. In 2024, China’s new energy cars are expected to be sold more than expected, driven by a two-wheel drive from tram prices, “price-for-price” and consumer goods in old-change policies.
The storage market is expected to benefit from a high rate of growth in domestic and foreign market resonance, with cnesa predicting a steady increase in the share of domestic and foreign productive power in the short run. We believe that as lithium price volatility slows and industrial chain layouts improves, companies’ profitability is expected to turn.
In terms of domestic capacity, the first phase of the company’s 20gwh46 series of large cylinder battery plants was completed, the first phase of the second phase began in late 2023, the 60gwh power storage super plant was in the construction phase, and Shenyang, Chengdu plant production was gradually planned.
The company has planned Malaysian/Hungarian plant capacity, of which the Malay plant is mainly equipped with electric two-wheel vehicles and electric tools demand, and the Hungarian plant is focused on the power cell sector. The stock of domestic and foreign production capacity is in support of the company’s capture of industry development.
Based on the continued promotion of existing technology applications, the company has been active in the layout of lithium metal secondary batteries, 50ah soft bags of semi-stabilized batteries, polymer solid batteries, large polyion plus sodium carbon sodium sodium batteries.
Lithium’s leading role in electricity is matched by opportunities to develop in areas such as electric ships, electric vehicles, and hydrogen energy in the context of the diversification of battery applications. At the same time, companies are actively developing integrated industrial chain layouts, expanding the depth and breadth of industrial chains, and have developed a life-cycle supply chain of nickel and cobalt-based lithium-cell material-cell recovery-cell battery re-engineering to enhance supply chain resilience.
There is still a upward trend in the electricization of the car market due to overseas policy and trade barriers, and a promising high profile in the storage industry.
Maintenance. The company is a Lithium Batteries pioneer, actively developing production capacity, both within and outside the country, with a growing rate of dynamic storage; high-end technology continues to take the lead and the supply chain system is further improved; and it is expected to form in the context of low lithium prices and reduced volatility; and, overall, we believe that the company has high barriers and better growth expectations than industry, first coverage, giving.
The macroeconomic downturn and the unanticipated sale of trams; the shift in domestic and foreign tram policies; the failure of firms to deliver as expected; trade barriers; and large fluctuations in the price of raw materials affecting profitability.
Figure 3 Industry chain price reductions due to quarterly earnings of companies down by season (millions of dollars)
Figure 9 Global power cell cities reached 2.3% in 2023, in the fields of arms, steel, etc., in-depth research on technology and cycle, continuous in-depth research in the fields of lithium appliances, photovoltaics, robotics, and automation, and the establishment of a “China manufacturing investment cycle” research framework. Teams focus on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium power, and storage, and devote limited energy to serving more primary and secondary markets where the country's needs are met, the industry is dynamic and the people have faith.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations, or have caused Chinese securities to be subject to drying laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to another person.