M.M.M. (300760) Medical biology performed as expected, with more than 20 per cent growth in all three product lines, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company issued a fast-track performance report for 2018, which achieved business income of 13.35 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 23.1 per cent in the same year; the parent ' s net profit of 3.79 billion yuan, an increase of 43.7 per cent in the same year; the performance met expectations, the three product lines were strong, and there were more operations at home and abroad. The company returned in 2018.
The net profit of the mother is 3.79 billion yuan, an increase of 43.7 per cent over the same period, which is in line with the three-quarterly report's forecast of 3.530 billion to $3.90 billion for the year; the increase in profitability is mainly due to: 1) maintenance of a relatively stable Māori ratio, which offsets the pressure on traditional products by an increase in the revenue from high Māori devices through increased investment in research and development of high-end medical devices; 2)
Camp management efficiency has improved, and the improvement in the cost rate during the period has resulted in significantly faster performance than the increase in income. Sub-product lines: We believe that the three main sectors of life information, in vitro diagnosis and image have continued to grow in the first three quarters, with rapid growth, which is expected to rise by more than 20 per cent over the same period.) Life custody: the first custodian in the country, the third in the world.
Third, the company's high-end n series is active in high-end hospitals and international markets and is now ranked first in the country, sixth in the world, considering new products such as anaesthesia, tremors, and sixth in the world, its Kunlun series r7 and gynaecology r8 become truly high-end domestic machines that are rapidly being released and are expected to account for about 15 per cent of revenue in 2018.
By its high value, it will have a powerful alternative effect on imported products, and we expect the image business to continue at a 20-25% acceleration in the future under the new product releases; 3) an in vitro diagnosis: the company's blood cells and biochemicals will be produced first, the blood cells will be comparable to those of the international giants, and the strategic varieties of chemical light will be ranked third in the national product, taking into account the instrument.
We believe that the company's chemical luminous business will be a domestic leader for 2-3 years, and I, the sales team, the growth of the European and American markets are expected to continue, and that the increased recognition of high-end market brands will lead to faster growth in emerging markets, such as Latin America. We judge that overseas market revenues will exceed domestic market revenues in 3-4 years.
The company has become a leader in high-end medical equipment in the country. Since its inception, the company has maintained a high investment in research and development, with more than 10% of its turnover in 2006-2017 and a cumulative amount of investment in research and development.
With $7.5 billion, the company has maintained its national leadership in a number of areas; on the other hand, since 2008, the Department has begun to diversify and internationalize, acquiring 12 firms and completing the process of moving from a single product to a multi-product line, bringing domestic markets into the global market, extending from low-end to high-end products.
The company has now become the world’s leading provider of medical devices and solutions, leading the country’s medical and therapeutic apparatus, as well as innovative research and development and internationalization pole companies.
Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.