M.M.I.P. (300,760) reports a 44 per cent increase in performance, chemical light and high-end super-speed, strongly recommended (maintenance)
Tan Zimei (research assistant) increased by 23.09% over the same period; net return profit of 3,719 million yuan, an increase of 43.65% over the same year. Profit growth is higher than income growth, mainly due to exchange gains and losses and business efficiency gains.
Market openings are increasing and chemical light and high-end growth is strong: companies are increasing market openings, and sales of all three products, namely, life information and support, in vitro diagnosis and medical imagery, are increasing by more than 20%, and domestic growth is higher than abroad.
The power, high-end braidre series continues to be released, with income end-end growth expected to be significantly higher than 50%; the high-end n.t series continues to move towards level-III hospitals, with automatic tremors permeating to multiple applications, achieving a considerable increase. Strong brands, multi-product lines, low-end high schools, and off-site markets are fully deployed, driven and promoted.
Profit growth was high at 44%. “Life Information and Support + In vitro Diagnosis + Medical Images” deep-deeping in three main areas: 1) The company is the third largest brand in the global guardianship sector, with a domestic market share of over 40%; anesthesia machines,
A series of products such as lighthouse beds, tremors, etc. are ranked third in the country and constantly increase their penetration through deep-deep customer demand.) ivd is a complete product, staying in the first echelon of the national vd industry; blood cell operations remain robust and remain above industry growth; chemical luminous instruments perform better than international giants, channels.
Subspire import substitution and match it to the transnational leader through continuous technological innovation and improvement. 3) High-end supermarket national production rate is less than 10%, import substitution space is huge; resona breaks the patent seals abroad, locks and technological monopolies, and races with international brands in high-end areas.
"Growth-based market expansion + import substitution in high-end areas", with high growth expected from national production poles: We have a boom in the medical equipment industry, with a market size of over 400 billion yuan in 2017 and a compound growth rate of 21.76 per cent in 2001-2017. Three policy dividends: "Standard consultations + encouraging national production equipment + special approval corridors"
Overlaying, promoting grass-roots market expansion and stock-market substitution, and the prospect of good state-made equipment, such as Murray, can be found in a wide range of S-M-M-M-M-M-New Unit reports.
Broadly certified Hessen-Mary Medical (300,760) - Performance rating - 41 per cent increase in performance in the previous three seasons and increase in net interest rates
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City