The Medical Health Research Center, which is fast reporting growth in robust future profit levels, is expected to continue.
Twenty-three per cent, 38 per cent, the speed of growth close to q1-q3, and the company’s performance is extremely stable, with the company showing excellent growth at both the revenue and profit ends over its large size, on the one hand because the company has established strong product excellence in the main areas of business (life information, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery)
Trend and market share, heavy-pound varieties (e.g., high-end colouring, high-end guardianship, chemical luminous immunization, hard mirrors), rapid growth in income and client size, and increased corporate decline.
Efficiency measures, cost and cost ratios are being optimized. In addition, taking into account that companies have more overseas operations and foreign exchange, 2. " Statement of assets that continue to perform well successfully in the issuance of documents " , it is estimated that exchange rate fluctuations in 2018 also contributed to relatively significant exchange gains and losses.
Considering that the company completed the distribution of a share in 2018 to raise more cash, it is expected that future company financial costs will continue to optimize the level of Chinese medical equipment equipment with international influence. Moreover, due to the rising share of corporate domestic income, chemical light and blood cells
There is scope for future corporate Māori rates and net interest rates to continue to rise. As we have stated many times in previous reports, such as One of Japan’s Deep Studies in the Medical Devices Industry: A Whole Book, the domestic market for medical devices is still at an early stage of development, with a higher share of multinational enterprises.
National substitution is still the most important subject of the current investment in the medical equipment market. Given that the number of company lines and the scale of sales are more prominent than the size of the domestic industry, there is the greatest domestic competition, taking into account the company’s leading position in the domestic medical equipment industry and taking into account the company’s chemical light, colour, blood.
Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: channel stock risk: rising cost over time: goodwill risk: open litigation wind; trade friction escalation impacting overseas operations; domestic market price reduction affecting company production yuan_wei@gjzq.com.cn
Portfolio ratio; risk of a slowdown in accounts receivable and inventory turnover. Analysis of the related report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment