Gigshang, 2h24 storage area is still on the positive trend and the company has a strong elastic performance.
From 4q23, the original storage chip plant gradually increased the price of the product, and the price of the nad and dram products increased significantly. And the price of the nonflash and slcnand products performed less well, the area of reaction went to stock speed, the judgment that demand continued to grow steadily (i-led servers, end product demand boosts, mobile phones, etc.)
We expect that later storage products, including noorflash, are expected to be at the forefront of domestic storage at 2h24 trillions of innovation, with a long-term expectation of continuing to benefit from domestic import substitution and the growth of semiconductor demand. With the recovery in industry, we think that companies perform more resiliently.
The storage sector has been recovering, and noorlash is expected to keep up with the recovery: since 2h23, the storage industry’s de-stocking effect has continued to show, and dram and nadflash prices have fallen back and forth. But noorflash, slcnand, prices are relatively weak, and the area of de-composition has been slow to move to stock.
Looking forward to 2h24, we expect that, with the growth in demand for smart phones, pc and servers, and the surge in demand for noorflash by the ai terminal, noorflash is expected to follow the recovery pace of the storage industry as a whole. 2h24 is expected to meet the opportunity to increase prices.
Domestic champions in norflash will continue to recover the boom in the profitable industry. 1q24 profit point shows: the company won $1.630 billion in the first quarter of 2024, with a 21.3 per cent increase in yoy; net profit of $200 million, with a 36.5 per cent increase in yoy, and net profit after deduction of $180 million, yoy
As a result of a year-long decline in industry, prices of stored products have fallen since 4q23 and have generally increased by more than 10% in the quarter of 1q24.
We expect more than 16 gb of pc, cellular storage capacity on board (local large model) and a significant increase in aipc, ai cellular penetration by 2025, leading to storage capacity being maintained over the next two years.
The supply and demand structure of the industry has improved further. Lead enterprises are expected to benefit.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.