Rigid dram market warming, increased Māori rate of storage products – a study on company dynamics of 603986.sh
The company achieved a year-on-year growth in business income in q1 in 2024, a year-on-year increase.
Increased sales of products for the application, coupled with continuous research by companies into the operation of inputs and product overlaps, and increased competitiveness of product lines, including flash, dram and mcu, which increased sales and receipts. q1 companies in 2024
The achievement of a Māori rate of 38.16 per cent, which was equal to the same ratio, increased the ring ratio by about 4 percentage points, mainly because of: 1) the competitiveness of new products and the switch in the process; 2) product marketing structure
Changes have resulted in an increase in the share of sales of products with a higher Māori rate; 3) higher prices for dram products have led to an increase in Māori rates at the unit price of the product sales; 4) demand for the q1 consumer group has recovered, accelerating the de-storage of the company’s inventory.
The price of likidram continued to rise mildly, and the long-term gains were stablely moderate to the year 2023, when the demand for mainstream storage products fell sharply, leading to a sharp fall in the price of the luxuries.
As the server and cell phone markets warm, large firms shift some of their capacity to hbm and ddr5, bringing up the value of their individual wafers and so on, and over time, the increase in value will spill over into the small face.
In the second half of 2023, the mainstream dram and nad have been over-expected, diversified layout has been instrumental, quarterly transmissions, and Lijidram prices have been moderate in 2024 q1.
Steady Business 2023-08-292, M.I. (603986): q2 performance prices will continue to rise mildly, slcnand demand will warm and prices will rise in Tbilisi
The ring improvement is more than expected, and the dram is expected to arrive about a quarter later in the second half of the year, and prices will rise mildly in the future. Of the company's branded dram products, the liki ddr3l products are on network communications, television, roofs.
3 “Micro-Innovation” (603986): Performance loops stabilized, process continuously upgraded + product diversity boxes, industry, intelligent households, etc., are very widely applied dram systems
The "Back to Consumption Recovery" solution 2023-05-29 is one of the solutions; the "Riki ddr4" product is the ideal future for a variety of areas, such as ceremonial capboxes, television, network communications, intelligent families, and car-borne sound systems.
As the price of Lijidram continues to rise, the company’s Māori ratio of dram products is expected to reach 1.5 billion yuan worth of capital in long-term technology, deeper cooperation in storage, and the company’s intention to participate in a new round of financing of long-term technology with its own funds of 1.5 billion yuan.
Since 2021, multi-ddr4 and ddr3 products have been designed and rolled out.
The company is an important partner in the dram business as the country’s scarce dram storage product, idm. Based on the strategic partnership between the two companies, the dram industry has opened up part of its manufacturing capacity to provide a substitute for the company’s dram business.
The company’s current investment in long-term technology has helped to deepen strategic partnerships between the two sides, building on the synergies between the industrial chains in the areas of surrogate production and technological advantages, and by strengthening synergies in the field of technology.
The storage business continues to deepen its cooperation and achieve mutually beneficial co-winners. When the long-term technology round is completed, it will continue to boost production capacity, raise the share of the dram market, and open the market space further.
The electronic communication group presented Mao Jianxian: Three years of US semiconductor company work experience in the world.
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, held in Go Yonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, successively employed in China Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master ' s degree, National University of Australia, held in Fangzheng Securities, four years ' experience in research, 2023.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.