603986.sh) Electronic integrated circuit ii 2401 performance swings to gain, capacity switching to demand recovery push
According to cfm on 22 May, the storage plant was actively engaged in capacity switching to meet the urgent demand for hbm and ddr5 from some Internet vendors, and ddr4 supply was in short supply.
According to cfm on 22 May, some domestic Internet producers have urgently added Hbm and ddr5 products to their original plants since 24q2, while Hbm 3/3e advanced production has been switched to Hbm3/3e for customers.
At the end of 2024, the original plant was expected to switch about 80% of its production capacity to ddr5, ddr4 supply, or to be in short supply. Relations have returned to balance, and future prices are expected to rise mildly.
In 2024, the company purchased about $852 million for dram workers, an increase of about 135.36 per cent over the same period. The company indicated that in 2024, ddr34gb/2gb would achieve bulk delivery; the ddr48gb product has now materialized and is expected to send samples to clients: lpddr4. The company expects that in 2025, dram products will cover major niches.
Millions of them, and they're at a better level of delivery and operation in the fourth quarter of the traditional light season. The entire series of products at the 55nm process nodes are now in production. The spinor product capacity of 2m~2gb is fully lined and has reached its peak.
The price of Wang Haivey's products fell to a 2023 performance pressure, and 24q1 demand to warm the company's performance rebounded.
Due to weak end-market demand and strong industry competition, the price of the product fell significantly, with companies performing well in 2023.
Thanks to the warming demand in the consumer market, the storage of chips has increased, and 24q1 company performance has rebounded from the bottom. The first-beneficiary industry shuffling-gold securities + electronics + 24q1 company has achieved revenues of $1.627 billion, an increase of 21.32 per cent, or 19.10 per cent, over the same period; and the net return to the mother.
Rendered at 205 million yuan, 36.45 per cent more than the previous year, with the ring swing losing the gain; net profit from non-repatriation of 184 million yuan, same as molten innovation: q2 ring improvement, domestic profit-storage c tap to enhance dram R & D - [mega-renovation]
mcu's department store continued to grow, with a steady increase in the market share of sensor products: in 2023, Mcu achieved a revenue of 1.317 billion yuan, a decrease of 53.46 per cent, and Māori 43.10 per cent, a process. In 2023, the company launched the Chinese first-ever "gd32h" series based on m7 cores.
In the area of motor vehicles, the company has developed products in collaboration with the national head Tier1 platform, such as the Etek body control area, the Paul Institute, and has also worked with a number of international head companies; the car regulation gd32a series mcu currently provides four types of wrappings of 10 models. In addition, the company has accumulated products around the mcu layout pmu.
Because the mobile market is warming first, company sensors are synchronizing with the market, and the volume of output is increasing more than it is, and the city’s share is rising. The company’s touch-and-control chips reach nearly 100 million each year, supporting toto’s resistance.
The company’s fingerprinting products have been successfully applied to multiple flagships, high-level, middle-level smartphones, commercial pre-/replace/side capacitors and optical programs.
Investment proposals: Given the current demand situation in the niche storage sector, and the fact that the mcu is still in the industry’s low state, the size of the company’s income/profit potential is expected to return to growth, driven by factors such as storage capacity switching and the warming of market demand. Continuously recommend that the “buy-a” rating be maintained.