q1's performance rebounded steadily, with income rising by $1.627 billion, or 21.32 per cent over the same period, and by 19.10 per cent over the same period.
Impacts such as cycles, weak end-markets, sharp drops in product prices, and significant growth in corporate profits in 2023. 24q1 companies achieved operating revenues of $1.627 billion, an increase of 21.32 per cent over the same period.
Flush,dram products show a steady increase, with companies performing well in 24q1 against a backdrop of sustained warming of demand for consumer-type products and total equity/flow capital (billion shares) of 6.67/6.64, the price of which has stagnated.
Product prices have recovered steadily, and continued to improve product lines to capture market shares. (1) Noor top/lowest price in 52 weeks. Flash: In the case of noorflash products, the company serialnorflash in 2023
The ranking went further to the second place, with products containing 16 types of capacity (512 kb-2gb). In 2023, the company reached an all-time high of 2,533 million and achieved an increase in the same volume.
16.15% long. The company introduced the gd25uf series 1.2v low voltage super-low power spinor flash product, which significantly reduced operating power consumption, and the company’s industrial advantage in this product area was firmly established by the introduction of new products. (2) Nandflash: on the side of the Nandflash product
The company has achieved full-scale production of 38 nm and 24nm, and the product of spinadnflash has already achieved full-scale product in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, communications, automobiles, etc. email: wuwenji@cnpsec.com
Product coverage. For slcnandflash products, competitors in the industry occupy a higher share of the market, and firms enter the market in this segmented area through differentiated product demand, where they have achieved local leadership and continue to capture market share. At the same time, demand for mobile phones and pc is stable.
Against this background, the larger trend of ai, with mainstream product demand and price warming, is expected to bring back the slcnand product. (3) dram: the company actively cuts into the dram storage silo market and has pushed out products like ddr4, ddr3l.
In addition, the company is expected to have a significant growth space for its dram products from the long-sleeved stock. (4)mcu: the company has successfully produced 46 large product lines.
More than 600 mcu products. The company officially launched China’s first account in 2023, the gd32h series of ultra-high performance microcontrols based on the armcortex-m7 core, and is moving in an orderly manner into the new two-frequency dual-mode wireless mcugd32vw553 series based on the risc-v core.
The company’s income from mcu products fell gradually in the second half of 2023, showing signs of ring stability in 23q4. The volume of car-grade mcu products increased in 2023, with active collaboration with domestic and foreign head companies.
▪ Profit projections and financial indicators are based on information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.