24q1 continued to reverse, with industry cycle up-to-date performance over the year 603986.sh. Viable innovation (603986.sh) Increased profitability and improved demand across product lines.
On the near-touch bottom, 24q1 is gradually opening up the market, storing chips and mcu products at an average price, Prince Road is now better, and with the industry cycle at the bottom, inventory decomposition, product structure, company 2401.
The Māori rate has risen to 38.2% (yoy:-0.09 pct, qoq:+3.61 pct). The company’s business is expected to continue to grow from new products such as demand for product lines. In addition, the company has been trading its branded dram products to the company’s owner-brand for the purchase of succulents since the beginning of the 24th century and is expected to reach 200 million yuan in 2024.
Associated transactions amounted to $852 million (yoy: +135%) and the dram operation entered a fast-growing phase.) 2) slcnand: 23 years of a significant increase in volume on a year-on-year basis and some of the volume products have started to increase prices; 3) noorflash: 23 years of noor, 2,533 million, compared to 16%, with higher volume innovation.
The share has been raised to the second highest level in the world; 4) mcu: the market is highly competitive and the number of materials continues to be abundant. By the end of 2023, the company ' s mcu product had accumulated more than 1.5 billion products, with the introduction of high-performance car code mcu new products and China ' s primer m7 super-performance mcu; 5) sensors and analogue products:
Incentives, mainly 45 managers, core cadres, etc., based on performance target values, investment advice: companies are the leading domestic “storage +mcu” manufacturers, and in view of current industrial trends, the government is not in a position to do so.
The prices of Liquidram and Nand markets have increased, and demand for products such as noor and mcu has continued to rise, and companies have a wide, growing and scarce array of areas. We expect 2024-[Galaxy] company review reports _23q3 stock turning points.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Peak, Master of Engineering in Electronics and Communications, Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, and Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Jilin University. Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, formerly employed in the Department of Oceanic Certificates, Treasury Securities, and the Beijing Trust Securities Department. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.