The electronics group is out of the low cycle, with a marked improvement in revenue and profits.
The price of the product bottoms and the profit level of 24q1 has improved significantly. In response to weak end-market demand, 1. “Mega-Innovation companies take stock: the second quarter is over-expected, the second half of the year is highly competitive, and the prices of all company lines have declined in the last 23 months.
2023.7.14 By the fourth quarter, multiple product line prices approached or reached the bottom zone, resulting in a combination of Mäori 2. Mämere Innovations: Draft Stock Incentives published to show firm stability
The rate declined from 47.7 per cent to 34.4 per cent, and 24q1 continued to open the market at a central rate, with significant improvements in the storage of chips and mcu, as stocks deconstructed, product prices 3.
With steady growth, companies are actively restructuring their products, with a return to a single 24q1 Māori rate of 38.2%, a marked improvement in traditional low-season earnings compared to the 3.6 pct rise in the previous quarter. Storage operations continue to increase, and mcu is expected to recover steadily.) Despite cycles and competition,
Impact, 23 years of weak end demand, but corporate noorflash products are inverse, with market shares ranked second in the world, with high year-round innovation, reaching 2,533 million flashes in the consumer electronics, industry, auto electronics, etc.
(c) The company’s dram complete layout of the product lines ddr3 and ddr4 has basically covered the fields of network, tv, etc. applications and the mainstream client base, with 362 million transactions linked to the surrogate factory’s prime minister in 23 years.
In the future, the Division is expected to benefit from the growth opportunities of the storage plant out of the nichedram market. 4) In the first half of the year, the company's mcu harvest fell sharply, and in the second half of the year it gradually narrowed and showed signs of stability in the fourth quarter of the ring's third quarter.
By the end of 2023, more than 1.5 billion products of the company ' s mcu product had been accumulated, with 46 major product series successfully produced, more than 600 items. We regard the company ' s 24-year consumer category of mcu as stable and accelerated.
Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings Increased competition in the market; higher prices of raw materials; less than expected spread of new products; exchange rate winds Analysis of related report rating ratios in the market