Momentum innovation (603986.sh): 2024q1 performance improved and storage and mcu product structure upgraded
In a fiercely competitive environment in 2023, companies insisted on opening their markets at the centre of the market with a market rate of 31.22 per cent of product output and a reduction in the Māori rate of sensor operations to 16.00 per cent. We believe that the company’s sales of sensors continued to grow during the industry’s low valley, with a general stability, a sharp increase in the price of standard storage chips, and a gradual increase in the price of niche products as demand warms.
Performance short-term pressure, storage and mcu long-term development 2. Beiqui innovation (603986): taking advantage of wind-based upgrading products to lead innovation through cycles - companies
The sales of corporate memory chips increased in 2023, with total sales likely to continue to increase in 2024; storage prices may or may be expected to increase; 3. Storage markets, where national production replaces outstanding products, in addition to corporate niche dram products, which will rise at a higher price. In 2023, the company's storage revenue was $4,077 million.
Apologies - semiconductor industry depth report (ii) to increase prices and improve product structure. First, noor products are constantly enriched, downstream markets are becoming more permeable from consumption to industry, automobiles, goods networking, telecommunications, etc. Companies are the second-highest nonflash company in the world and can provide more.
A total of 16 capacity options (covering 512 kb to 2gb), four different voltage ranges and as many as 20 different encapsulation options can meet the needs of clients for capacity, voltage and wrapping forms in different applications.
In addition, the company spinorflash standard product 2m~2gb is fully lined up to provide the market with a national production-based flash product. At present, the entire series of products of the company ' s 55nm process node is produced and the process process process has been repeated on an ongoing basis.
The company’s slcnand products are becoming increasingly market-infiltrated at the mid-to-high end. For Nandflash products, the company currently produces a full volume of 38nm and 24nm, and is using 24nm as the main process, with a capacity cover of 1gb ~ 8gb, with spinandflash achieving full product coverage in such areas as consumer electronics, industry, automobile electronics, etc.
38mslnandflash, with a standard product capacity of 1 gb~4gb, and a car-sharing scheme of spinorflash, provides more opportunities to enter the car market. Its third, ddr3l, is produced in volume, and its future basedram may be entering a high-growth period. The ddr3 product entered the market in September 2023, and the company already has several products in the product lines of ddr3 and dddr4
Model, ddr3l products can provide 1 gb/2gb/4gb capacity, and ddr4 products can provide 4gb, which can also meet customer demand for different types and capacities. The company will continue to develop lpddr4 products, which are expected to cover the main niche market demand and achieve mass supply by 2025.
There is a growing variety of products, a growing technology mix, a growing downstream market, a growing competitiveness of corporate storage products, a growing number of corporate mcu products, and a continuous flow of vehicle-grade products into the market. The company mcu is mainly a 32-digit generic mcu product based on the armcorpex-m series, as well as the risc-v kernel.
Cortex-m3, Cortex-m4, Cortex-m23, Cortex-m33, Cortex-m7 and risc-v kernels, a wide range of applications such as industrial applications (including industrial automation, energy power, medical equipment, etc.), consumer electronics and handheld equipment, motor electronics (including auto navigation, t-box, car instrumentation, car entertainment systems, etc.), computing, etc.
In 2023, the company ' s gd32a503 series of car code mcu product market expansion progressed steadily, and the gd32a490 series of high-performance was further developed.
Car regulation mcu is new, closely aligned to car electronic development needs by virtue of the advantages of high frequency, large capacity, high integration, and high reliability. Overall, the mcu product is enriched, the application market is expanding, the company’s beneficiary industries are warming in the short term, and the long-term beneficiary products are upgraded and domestic production penetration is increasing.
Investment proposals: company products cover the lower end of high school markets, storage and mcu continue to expand to industry, automobiles, etc., while self-researching branded dram products or fast-growing medium- and long-term benefit product structure upgrades and higher national production rates; short-term probabilities benefit from warmer demand and higher prices for semiconductor products in 2024.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.