Healthcare pharmaceuticals, biosciences and life sciences combined to achieve a remarkable and rapid increase in performance.
27.9 per cent of the net return to the mother was $294 million, an increase of 22.2 per cent in the same year, and net operating cash flows of $457 million, an increase of 36.9 per cent and eps0.28 dollars in the same year.162 million yuan (+24.6 per cent) of the net profit resulted in a rapid increase in performance, mainly due to distribution channels
In the first half of the year, the number of hospitals and other medical institutions and pharmacies covered amounted to 9,938, an increase of 46%. Of these, 3436 pharmacies increased by 64% and entered 25 pole hospitals and 36 priority development hospitals.
Continued steady growth, 803 tons of slurry in the first half of the year, an 8.7 per cent increase in the same year, projected slurry for the whole year Clinical requirements, 4 times the space available in the industry, “slurry station resources + academic extension” determining the maximum/minimum value of 12 months in the company
Blood products are a special type of biological product that plays an irreplaceable role in clinical first aid, disease prevention, and treatment. The total size of blood products in the country in 18 years is about 23 billion yuan, with industry increasing by about 10%, with slurry increasing steadily and corporate end-of-school academic outreach.
Strong, the size of blood products is expected to reach hundreds of billions of grades in the country, with more than four times the space available in the future. “Slurry station resources + academic outreach” determines the long-term development prospects of enterprises: 1) Blood products are highly regulated industries, requiring a well-developed quality control system from upstream slurry to intermediate production.
(b) The number of species that can be extracted directly determines the output of a single ton of plasma, the higher the output of a single ton of plasma, the wealthiest of the country’s Chinese products, with only 11 of them, and more than 20 of the foreign giants;)
Academic outreach opens up demand-side ceilings: the per capita use of blood products in the country is much lower than in the developed world, mainly because of low clinical awareness of multiple varieties, such as static c, and, with steady increases in extraction/pumping, the momentum for academic outreach by leading firms has increased significantly, and we predict that market demand is expected to accelerate over a period of two to three years.
In the medium- and long-term, steady growth of blood products is taking place. There is a clear advantage in the resources and distribution channels of the company’s slurry station, which is well-established: 1) the number of slurry stations in the company is 57, 51 at the slurry station, and Yunnan (1200 tons) production bases have been in operation for 21-22 years to address the energy bottlenecks.
(c) A steady increase in the production/silling capacity of the new production and post-partum companies, which will amount to 4,000 tons, will stimulate the growth of the academic base of enterprises, both through the national distribution of medicines and through the active expansion of the academic outreach and the promotion of the academic base in the company.
A strong leader. High barriers to policy in the blood industry, high immunisation of health-care policies, taking into account firm corporate leadership, long-term steady growth and a certain premium on valuations, figure 1: Bio-business income from the 2014-2019h1 Days of Life (millions of dollars)
Figure 5: Changes in the slurry volume (tons) on the planet 2011-2018 Assuming that 2-new species are on the market: human condensation factor viii is in phase 3 and is expected to be approved in 21 with recombinant viii factor clinical phase 1; synthesis is the most advanced in the country and clinical completion is expected in the second half of next year, with 21 years expected
Approved; production of a production facility certified as gmp by Chengdu. Tungsten slurry revenue & profit: revenue and profits are expected to increase continuously over the next three years, with bottlenecks in 19-21 years, increasing varieties of slurry with advantages of scale and expected to increase over the medium to long term; we expect to increase output in the future.
Three years of compound income growth of more than 16 per cent, profit compound growth of about 20 per cent, 19-21 years of net profit respectively.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.