Tsing Bing (600161.sh) Sky Beast: The reporter's performance forecast meets expectations and reiterates the expectations for the future.
On the evening of 18 July, the company issued an advance announcement on its semi-annual performance for 2019. The 2019h1 company is expected to achieve a net profit of around $298 million for the mother, an increase of around 23.94 per cent over the same period; the expected net profit of $297 million for the non-realization of the return is reported to be in line with our expectations, with the non-net profit of 2019q2 for the first quarter at an all-time high.
2019h1 net return to the mother of $297 million, out of which 2019q1 net profit to the mother of $131 million, 2019q2 net profit to the mother of $167 million, q2 quarter increase by 28.5 per cent and 27.5 per cent, respectively, and the company ' s record record of net profit to the non-mother of a single quarter. In the first half of the year, there was an increase in the number of batches of products divided by part of the company ' s blood system.
Cystic Organisms (600161).
Three batches of Middle Tetanus and Hepatitis B have been signed more than last year's full year.
The Brethren Industry 2019-03-28. The Brethren Lead Industries have raised the market share of their products, and the company's severing industry has continued to outperform it, and the net return profit is expected to increase by around 28% over the year.
We continue to reiterate that the company’s expectations for the future are gradually better and better in terms of better judgment, and we judge that the company’s future improvement in space is based on both the increase in slurry and the gradual enrichment of product lines. In terms of slurry, the company owns the largest number of slurry stations in the whole industry (57 slurry stations, including 49 in the camp).
In the last two years, the largest number of new slurry stations has been in the industry, with 10 new slurry stations (including substations) in 2017-2018, far beyond the industry; the average unit slurry volume has continued to improve with the management of the slurry station and the export of funds to the three pre-existing slurry stations, raising the annual slurry volume to around 32 tons; and in the future, with new slurry stations and old slurry stations being planted, companies will be able to expand their capacity.
In terms of product-line expansion, product-line abundance determines the Māori and net profit levels of the blood system, and in the study of human blood condensation, supplementary application for viii: the human fibrous protein was granted a clinical implied permit: Chengdu Yongsheng has obtained a rabies patient IUD registration batch; the human condensed blood enzyme primary compound and the silent giant cell viral human immunoglobin (ph4)
Clinical trials are under way, and the autonomous genetic engineering recombinant human creculation factor vii has been incorporated into the Pharmacology Clinical Trials and is included in the priority review catalogue. As the varieties are gradually approved, the company’s product lines are further enriched, raw materials are being used with greater scope, and the company’s Māori ratio is expected to increase gradually.
The average net profit of the mother increases by 25%, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Integration is not as high as expected; import protein shock prices; slurry is not as high as expected; and blood product quality risks.
So, st. 03005180002 Academy sales team, Xu Jialine.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.