High performance growth, which will continue to drive growth in the future 23rd of 2019: In recent days, the Tianjin Biology has published its 19th semi-annual report, and in the first half of 2019, the company achieved operating income of $1,560 million, an increase of 27.87 per cent over the previous year; it has become part of the parent company.
The net profit of the shareholders in the Sky Forum (600,161.sh) was $294 million, an increase of 22.21 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the parent deduction was $292 million, an increase of 23.41 per cent in the same year; performance grew at a high rate. In the first half of 2019, the company achieved operating income of $1.56 billion, an increase of 27.87 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the parent deduction was $292 million,
The same-year increase of 23.41 per cent is due mainly to the benefits of pipeline inventory liquidation at the end of 2018, gradual stock replenishment in 2019 and a tightening supply of imported human blood protein. During the reporting period, corporate sales of human blood protein (equivalent to 10 g) increased by 30.73 per cent over the same period of the previous year; sales of semen (equivalent to 2.5g) increased by 20.8 per cent over the same period of the previous year.
As of now, the company has 57 single plasma stations (including substations) in the 13 provinces/autonomous regions of the country, of which 51 are in camp slurry stations: 802.55 tons in the first half of 2019, an increase of 8.7 per cent compared to the previous year, and we expect that the company will increase its slurry in the future at a higher rate than the average growth rate in the industry, mainly for three reasons: 1) the company currently has average slurry levels at individual slurry stations that are below the industry average, and as the slurry station management is strengthened, the stock is becoming more effective.
There is much room to upgrade the slurry at the slurry station; (2) the company has six slurry stations that have not yet been operational, and several slurry stations have been operational for the last two years, and there is a strong potential for subsequent slurry growth; (3) the future construction of new slurry stations in the industry is dominated by groups of blood products, such as the skyscrapers, and we judge that the Yunnan region will be granted new slurry stations.
We believe that the company’s profits are expected to increase as the five major production firms in the industry combine, the production of the Queen’s Blood System, and the production and sale of its sub-products: 1) the three blood systems newly injected from the middle-born group, and the lower use of the blood plasma in your state, with the company increasing the use of the overall plasma through internal blood plasma/group transfers; 2) Chengdu invested $1.450 billion in the construction of the Queen’s Blood System.
"A significant increase in the slurry volume of 20,190,403 cylindrical organisms (600,161), which was completed in March 2020 with a design slurry of 1,200 tons, approximately double the current plasma processing capacity of Chengdu-jum: Ton slurry profits as scale rises and blood products operations increase steadily "
Further upgrades are expected: 3) Clinical trials have been completed and a summary of clinical trials has been obtained for the cytogenesis compound, re-injection viiii factors are in significant blood product operations in 20180827 Terrestrial Organisms (600161). In the middle of the clinical period, fourth-generation methc (layered method, 10 per cent) have been approved for clinical trials, new factor products and national-specific meadows are expected to be marketed in the future and tons of slurry are expected to be sold in the future
"Indication of blood products, with a strong increase in profits, in the field of blood products. "
In the first half of 2019, with the exception of Silicon C, there was a significant increase in the first half of the year. With the exception of a decline of about 10 per cent in the last half, the distribution of the remaining varieties increased significantly, with 9.51 per cent for the same human blood protein, 38.54 per cent for the same year, 75.67 per cent for the same year, and B for the same year for the same year.
In the case of batches, 55.89% of the company’s batches are in the forefront of the blood industry.
\triangleright Risk factors: policy risk in the blood products industry; risk of falling product prices; under-progress in product research and development; less than expected new slurry stations; industry event risk; U Pingping, Nanjing University, Bachelor of Pharmacy, Master of Biochemistry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2012.
Zhou Xianxian, Master of Financial Sciences, Illinois Institute of Technology, United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2015 for research in agro-forestry, animal fishing, and light manufacturing. Gong Qing, Bachelor of Physics, Beijing Teacher Training University, and Doctor of Physics, Beijing University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.