The Queen's Reorganization has returned with a little over-expected evaluation of the Queen's return - the Queen's Assessment of the Queen's Life in the Queen's Land.
Issuance of 19h1 batches performed well, and the variety significantly improved The market value in circulation (millions of yuan): According to data from the Central Court of Justice and local authorities, during the reporting period, there was a significant increase in the number of products produced by the company.
In the reporting period, Chengdu's blood products were recognized as gmps capable of producing rabies immunoglobin.
This is expected to lead to a further improvement in company diversity and plasma utilization. The fourth generation of Shizuc was approved for clinical trials in August, at a pace of national leadership; the restructuring of the viii factor was officially launched in July for the first phase of the clinical trials, which is expected to break the monopoly on imported products in the future and lead to improved performance; and the human crease compound was completed.
Clinical trials and data summing up, forthcoming production: Research on the National Dollar Securities Industry - Blood Products Industry Tracking Report: 2019 Co-exposure of slurry sources and slurry stations, 19 years of slurry growth
During the reporting period, company slurry was 8.7% higher than last year, and company slurry sources and slurry stations operated simultaneously.
So far, the company has 51 slurry stations, 7 slurry stations, and the slurry source reserve has a quarterly assessment: the ability to produce up and produce a full pair of swords, and the efficiency of the operation of the four blood systems after restructuring is expected to be equal to Chengdu's birth, adding up a small number of owners of the plant.
The dollar securities industry study - depth of blood products: hands on scarce roses, spring-stage bioreorganizations, hands on the most powerful sources of magma and distribution channels, and business values are being re-created.
Liu Hye-min, whose products are not developed as expected, where slurry is not as high as expected, and where new plants are built and productive capacity is not as high as expected. 19h1 batches were issued with excellent performance, and all varieties were significantly upgraded.
According to the Central Court of Justice and local data, 2019h1 products have been significantly upgraded, with a total of 481.04 million bottles issued, an increase of 33.83 per cent over the same period. The main group of proteins and semen has performed well, of which 395.3 million bottles (convert 2001u/bottle), 70.27 million (converted 2501u/bottle) and 248.6 million.
In April 2019, the company’s subsidiary, the rabies-immunoglobin plant, was certified as gmp with a design slurry capacity of 800 tons/year.
The company’s fourth generation of selenium, the restructuring of the viii factor, and the development of the human creosote compound are well under way. The fourth generation of selenium has improved its production cycle, its success rate, and its safety and product durability, and is not yet in place in the country.
4-generation N.C. is on the market. In 2016, the company received a fourth-generation N.C. clinical test, and in January 2019 it obtained a supplementary application for process changes as a result of an optimal upgrade of the critical layer-purification steps in the process, successful clinical clearance in August. No other enterprises in the country are currently in the clinical application phase.
The viii factors currently produced in the country are blood-based products, the reorganisation of the viii factors depends entirely on imports, the company's weight \triangleright eight factors were approved for clinical treatment in April 2018, ethical clearance was completed during the reporting period, and in July they were received in London.
Review the batch and officially launch a clinical one. It is hoped that the monopoly of imported products will be broken and that performance will be achieved. The human coagulation complex will complete the clinical trial and obtain the clinical trial summary report, which is due to be published in 2020-2021.
The slurry source and the slurry station operate simultaneously, with a 19-year period of slurry growth, and new slurry stations are licensed to build new sources. The company actively promotes slurry at the slurry station. 19h1 companies affiliated with the Wuhan Blood Company of the Great Synchron District were licensed to collect slurry.
To date, 58 stations have been set up under the company’s flag, of which 51 are in slurry, 7 are waiting for slurry, and the slurry is growing in terms of the number of sources. The slurry plant’s efficiency is expected to increase further. With the reorganization, Chengdu’s slurry capacity is expected to grow.
The average single-station slurry was imported into advanced management and business experience to improve the overall slurry capacity, with the Division achieving 802.55 tons of slurry, an increase of 8.7 per cent compared to the same period last year. On the other hand, in July, the Department passed a bill to acquire minority stockholdings at the slurry station, making the slurry station in Sigi County the province's blood system.
The acquisition of physical control over the slurry station will facilitate the company’s integrated management and advance the slurry performance appraisal mechanism, and it is hoped that the increase in single-station slurry will be further boosted. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, will present this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.