There's been an increase in sales and a slight improvement in the performance of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report, which generated revenues of $1.56 billion, an increase of 27.9 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $300 million for the mother, an increase of 22 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $300 million for the non-repatriation of the mother, and a marked acceleration in the expansion of the sales end compared to the growth rate, resulting in slightly higher than expected performance.
850 million yuan, or 28 per cent more than the previous year, representing a net return to the mother of 160 million yuan, or 24.6 per cent more than expected. 1) At the end of the sales, the company now covers major major points terminals in provinces and cities outside Hong Kong, with the company ' s level-III hospitals and other medical institutions and pharmacies reaching 9938 as of 19h1.
Homes, 46 per cent more than in the same year; among them, pharmacies cover 3,436, 64 per cent more than in the same year, and enter 25 standard hospitals and 36 priority development hospitals, where the number of company terminals is now in the lead in the country, where the pace of development is clearly accelerating, and we believe that the domestic blood market continues to have enormous potential, with sales terminals being exploited.
The number of single plasma stations (including substations) in the Autonomous Region reached 57, of which 51 were in camps; and 19h1.
The company slurry is about 802 tons, an increase of 8.7 per cent over the same period, and both the number of slurry stations and the average capacity bottlenecks of the slurry scale are about to open, and the product lines are abundant and the efficiency of the operation is expected to improve simultaneously.
Classes and factor-type products, expected to be completed by March 2020, with the completion of the E.L.D. project, which will enable the company to slow up to a thousand tons of slurry capacity, while increasing the efficiency of the scale will lead to a further reduction in the cost of movement and a greater profit.) In terms of product lines, the rabies who become rabies will be exempted.
Phytoprotein has been registered for pharmaceutical purposes and the relevant production workshops have been certified with gmp: Injection recombinant human coagulation factor viii have been officially launched i-Clining process iv.C.C.D.C.
3) In terms of operational efficiency, the lull period for the consolidation of prior blood products has largely passed, and it is expected that the efficiency of companies will continue to improve, as will the capacity of core affiliates such as the Guizhou blood system, Shanghai blood system, Lanzhou blood system, etc.
Given that the company is the leader in the blood industry in the country, there is still much room for improvement in capacity utilization, and the gradual increase in public efficiency (2019-07-21) has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, compensated for by the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.