Space appliance (002025.sz)v.s. PV (002179.sz)
\triangleright \triangleright Amount of income: Medium-ship Photovoltaics, $5.85 billion in 2016, approximately 2.6 times the amount of space appliances;
Net profit volume: China PV 730 million in 2016, approximately 2.8 times the cost of space appliances. Three rates: space appliances are significantly higher than medium PV, they have declined steadily in recent years and are gradually moving towards medium PV Māori: space appliances are now slightly higher than medium PV owing to a decline in recent years due to the continuing rise in civilian consumption;
\triangleright net interest rate: Space appliance prefrontal decline is more pronounced, \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \trianglight has been reported since 2016, with medium light power rising steadily in recent years
As far as space appliances are concerned, in the aviation sector they account for about 60 per cent, in space appliances about 20-30 per cent, and in space they are removed \triangleright
Electrics and relays, connectors, two companies with a similar market share, electronics, ships with a leading PV connection, products, space appliances with a majority of the general type of connectors, i.e. American and Suco, medium light, fibre optics, high frequency and fluid connectors.
Relay electrical optical devices_photometers/microtechnicscagr (2008-2016): 20.6% (space appliances) v.s.29.8% (medium) \triangleright
Source of financial prosperity in the East Physical controller: Space Industries Group (SAG)v.s. China Air Industries Group (SIG) Space appliance still has significant assets to inject into expectations: the only company platform of the 10th Academy of Space Industry to be listed, with revenue achieved in 2016
Over $12 billion, with a net profit of nearly $800 million, the president of the company, Zhang Mok-Yung, also serving as president of the ten chambers and deputy secretary of the party committee, has relatively little resistance to reform, and has greater potential for future asset injections.
30x/26x/23x, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating, with a significant change in the pattern of competition for Eastern financial and intellectual excellence;
There is no guarantee that the information and advice contained in this report will not change. We have tried to report it.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
It is only copyrighted in this report that these companies provide or seek to provide services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.