The company is a rare performance growth unit in the Military Industrialization Unit, focusing on connectivity for 40 years, with high market ownership in military goods, new energy vehicles, communications, and now moving from a product supplier to a system integration.
S148017001 The order for military goods is gradually being restored, and the adverse effects of the conversion are about to be eliminated: we see that in 2018 the sub-industry of aviation, ships, etc. continued to grow at a high rate, while the electronics industry may have more compensatory orders.
In 2018, or the two-way point of the 13th and 5th military industrial orders, the company's elastic performance resumed significantly in the second half of 2017, with a modest increase expected throughout the year: the company's main excellence.
In the first half of 2017, under the influence of the entire industry of new energy vehicles, the company's new energy business was not as complete as expected, although the company's new energy business was not as successful as it could be.
The number of orders started in the second half of the year has improved significantly, and production is expected to increase slightly over the 16-year period. The company’s communications connectors are used mainly for wireless distribution base stations and data centre equipment, with clients mainly serving as core suppliers of the country’s communications base stations, such as Naking and Hua-yung, and are the country’s first to own a 56gbps high speed.
A supplier of high-speed interconnection solutions for connectors. The business is expected to grow faster in 2017 and 2018.
In the case of information-based construction, the new energy vehicle and railing industries are at a high historical level, while the company price is $46.9, which covers the first time that a firm has been given a “strongly recommended” rating. 5g has not developed as much as expected.
1. China Shipping Photovoltaics (002179). Civil-military co-ordinated development, joint efforts to expand the international market. 2014-11-18 Source of Eastern financial intelligence
China Oceanic Photovoltaic Research Brief: Towards a high-end field leading to system integration. 1. Lead in the field of interconnectors, military-military integration poles, 1.1 Market-based, genetically modified, civil-military connectors.
The company's predecessor, the State-owned 158 plant, built in Icheon County in 1971, moved to Luoyang in 1991 and was renamed the Luoyang Air Power Plant. The company belongs to the China Air Industry Group and was listed in Deep China in 2007. The company is a professional in the development, production and sale of high-reliable light, electricity, fluid connectors, and provides light, electricity, and fluid connection technology.
The main products of the company include light, electro-connected components and components, cable components, systems interconnection equipment, fluids and other equipment.
Equipment, etc., used mainly in military fields such as aviation, space, communications and data transmission, new energy vehicles, orbital traffic, consumer-type electronics, industry, energy, medical, smart equipment, etc., for high-end civilian manufacturing.
Research brief on PV in China: Towards a high-end field, towards system integration 1.2 Companies maintain high growth in their performance and become more competitive
Corporate performance is expected to increase by more than 20% over the year. According to the latest three-quarters report, the company's three-quarters income was 3.11% higher than the net profit for the mother, 11.82% higher than the previous year, and was concentrated at the end of the year due to a high share of the company's military assets.
In recognition of the characteristics of income, three quarters of the year, though modest, performance is expected to increase by more than 20%. Corporate products are concentrated on connectors and their integrated products. Companies are now autonomous in the development of more than 300 series of connectors, with 230,000 varieties.
(a) Electric connectors: including circular, rectangular, radio frequency and axial, data transmission, filter, network connectors: luminous connectors and extensions: fibre optics, optical connectors, optical reception modules, photovoltaic devices and systems;
Fluid connectors: cavity fluid connectors, steel bead-locked fluid connectors, blind plug-in fluid connectors, etc., and 69% of gross profits; in addition, lightware and cable components contribute 19% and 16%, respectively, to integrated products, and 12% and 17% to Māori, which underpin performance.
Figure 4: Gross profits from company operations in 2016: Gross profits from company operations in 2016
2. In 2010, according to China ' s Industrial Information Network (CIIN), the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States and the United States.
According to China ' s Industrial Information Network, the total expenditure on defence equipment in 2015 was approximately 29.27 billion yuan, of which some 87.8 billion yuan was spent on defence information, an increase of 17%, or 30%, compared to the previous year.
In 2025, according to China ' s Industrial Information Network (CIIN), spending on defence information will increase to 251.3 billion yuan in 2025, representing a complex annual growth rate of 11.6 per cent, representing the cost of defence equipment in 2025.
Figure 6: China ' s defence equipment costs and defence informatization ratio, 2017-2025
In all types of electronic systems for military equipment, especially between components and components, components and cabinets, systems and subsystems, the connectors act as electrical links and signal transmissions.
According to China’s information industry network, the market for military-industrial connectors has grown at an average annual rate of about 11% over the next three years, and will reach 12.44 billion yuan by 2020.
Figure 8: The size of our military connector market from 2010 to 2020e The company has a high market share in the military connection and will continue to grow rapidly in the future. The company has a market share of over 60% in the aviation sector, 40-50% in the ship sector, and its products are involved in space and electronics.
3. Multi-operational development of the civil market and expansion of 3.1 to 5g in the field, becoming a core supplier of major equipment suppliers.
5g is one of the strategic and emerging industries driven by the Government. In 2017, our Report on the Work of the Government stated that “the full implementation of strategic and emerging industrial development plans accelerates the development and transformation of new materials, artificial intelligence, integrated circuits, biopharmaceuticals, fifth-generation mobile communications, etc., as well as a strong industrial cluster.” 5g is a strategic and emerging government-led cluster of industries.
China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Pakistan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
China launched its first global 5g business scene core programme and its first 5g-carried split router: China has released a 5g high-low frequency series pre-commercial product to support the industry ' s 5g mainstream frequency to meet the diversity of scenarios and needs for 5g pre-commercial deployments;
Mobile, connectivity, and telecommunications have made it clear that the 5g network is commercial in size by 2020. Operators have announced a 5g development plan.
(a) Validation of the overall capability of the 5g pre-commercial prototype during the prototype validation phase of the system from 2017 to 2018: validation of the 5g commercial capability and network programme during the field validation phase from 2018 to 2019;
5g-scale deployment to advance 5g (test) commerce. According to FCN, the number of base stations in the next 5g will be twice the number of existing 4g-based stations, with an overall investment of 830 billion yuan, or at least 1.5 times as much as in the 4g era; in 2019-2025, the 5g network will be built.
During the period, the base station antenna was the first to benefit, and it is expected to start in 2019, with an investment of nearly 70 billion; the communications network equipment will benefit the most, with an investment of 540 billion yuan. In the area of communications, companies provide fibre optics, optical connectors and equipment, and the products have evolved from simple connectors to collections.
The company was the first to obtain a license to access telecommunications equipment from the Ministry of Information Industry and has now become a core supplier of Chinese, Chinese, and three stars. The company ' s 56gbps high-speed connector project successfully won the national industrial backbone project for 2016, marking an internationally advanced level of technology for the company ' s products.
With the opening of the 5g building, the company's communications business is expected to accelerate. 3.2 The new energy automobile business is moving towards a holistic solution.
In October 2010, the State Department officially released the Decision on Accelerating the Development of Strategic and Emerging Industries, making the New Energy Motor Industry a strategic and emerging industry.
One of the industries focused on fostering development, focusing on breaking through key core technologies in the areas of power cells, power drivers and electronic control, and promoting the application and industrialization of plugged-in hybrid vehicles, pure electric vehicles. In 2020, the country ' s cumulative production of electric vehicles reached 5 million vehicles.
By 2020, a total of 2 million electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles will be produced and more than 5 million will be sold. With a clean-up and double-centre policy in place, the country’s new energy and automobile sales will increase. According to Phoenix Web data, the country’s new energy vehicles recovered in 2017.
The sale of 794,000 vehicles and 777,000 vehicles increased by 53.8 per cent and 53.3 per cent, respectively, and the company upgraded from a single product to an overall solution in the area of new energy vehicles, with products in the area of new energy being combined with a single charger, signal type connectors and power distribution units, which gradually upgraded to a full-scale connection solution, packages, etc.
The Interconnectivity Programme for High Voltage Systems, the Interconnection Programme for Power Exchange Systems, the Interconnection Programme for Signal Systems, the company's clients, including mainstream new energy car manufacturers such as Biadi and Jianghuai, and the company's full range of new energy vehicles, are leading companies in the area of new energy car parts, and based on company revenues in 2016, the company is using new energy sources.
The market size of the automobile sector is 28%. The company’s share of new energy business is increasing, accounting for 40% of the private sector.
In October of the year, the State approved the construction of approximately 8,600 km of urban orbital transport in 43 cities, currently under construction.
According to the China Industrial Information Network (CIIN), the total size of the urban track project, which will begin construction during the 13th Five-Year Plan, has reached 5188 km, with a total investment of 3 trillion yuan, with an average annual increase of 15% during the 13th Five-Year Plan, with an expected breakthrough of 740 billion yuan by 2020.
The company’s products in the area of rail rail transhipment relate to programmes for interconnection of rolling stock systems, interconnection of railway signal systems, etc.
The company’s home-grown connector products are mainly used in signal systems, while the Hsing-Hing-Hing subsidiary’s billion-track connectors, control boxes, sensors, etc. are used mainly in vehicles. Benefiting from the golden period of railway investment, and the release of urban transit demand, companies’ connection products in the field of rail transfer
3.4 Distributes emerging industries, building extension products around core technologies, building sophisticated connectors, entering the consumer market.
It is used in consumer electronics markets such as chargers, cell phones, etc., but the business is currently smaller and is engaged in liquid cold-source R & D for the company as a whole. The company’s controlling subsidiary, Tae Heng Air Electronics Ltd., is engaged in liquid cold-source research, which is a fluid interconnection extension, forming a one-stop stream interconnection solution with piped and liquid coolers.
The main application of the liquid cooling business is currently in the military as well as in the field of super-counting, and samples of the liquid cold products of the charger equipment have been developed and tested in the bus.
In 2016, the company launched a 1 billion-scale New Technology Industry Base Plan, which will focus on the development of liquid cold, light-sourced equipment, high-speed backboards, vpx systems and new-energy electric cars.
The project is expected to be operational in 2019, considering that the company’s main battalion is expected to continue to benefit from military informatization and that the new energy vehicle and railing industry is at a historically profitable level, while the company’s 5g communications project is deployed, and the company’s consumption and liquid cold connection is expected to continue.
Military orders fluctuated considerably, new energy vehicles were under-exceeded by policies, and 5g were under-developed. East’s financial boom, East’s financial boom, and East’s financial boom.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, PVS Bulletin: Towards the High End, Towards System Integration, Research Assistant Profile
The Hong Kong University of Technology holds a Master ' s degree in securities, four years of experience in trades, and has served in the China-China trades, the Great Wall, and in 2017 joined the East-Hing Securities and Military Industry Group.
The specific recommendations or views of Zhang Cheuki are directly or indirectly relevant.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.