U.S. Military Industrialization Corporation (UTC) PV (0021779): From military to national production connection, China's connector leader company came out of the military-industrial support unit.
The company has developed from a small military-industrial complex to a large military-industrial core of technology and equipment research and development with “Nationally recognised Enterprise Technology Centre”, “Doctoral Post-Current Research Work Station” and the National Defense Accreditation Laboratory, which specializes in high- and medium-end light, electricity, fluid connection, and good management and continuous high-level companies.
Many excellent funds, such as investment in research and development, ongoing M&As to open new markets, have contributed to the growth of company performance over the past 13 years.
In the next three years, the military-industrial industry is expected to pick up significantly as military-related spending is invested. In the area of long-term luminous farming with military-industrial connectors, the industry is a well-deserved leader, and it is expected to continue.
The annual pilot city commercialization of stock prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months) will be fully commercial in 2020.
New-energy automobile sales are growing rapidly, long-term growth space is huge, and new-energy cars in China’s PV layout are growing rapidly, with early, accurate position and high-quality customers, who are expected to build another PV in China.
The domestic connector industry is still fragmented, competitively low, market concentration is low, and future mergers and acquisitions are on the move, with China PV using a long line of cards that can rapidly increase market share and increase market influence by reducing costs through M&A operations.
With a large number of M&As, PV has achieved rapid corporate growth and spread its tentacles quickly to new industrial domains. We see PVs in China as the pole of the world's connector, continuing to drive capital operations (M&As, investment in new projects), and leading companies to new steps.
PV (300145): New Technology Industry Base, 2019, 1) Electric Connector: According to the 2017 Military Industrialization Report, military reform is nearing the end of the market
We'll open up the military-industrial market even further and focus on the gradual implementation of a centralized procurement programme; a new round of weapons and equipment will be upgraded and the market demands accumulated in the past will be effectively released. We predict the military-equipment connectors.
The order will return to growth, taking into account that the company invested $1 billion in the new technology industry base is projected to be 2019 (2) lightware: light devices are mainly used in the communications industry, and given the time nodes of 5g investment, we 3) cable and integrated products: the growth in corporate revenue in 2017 was mainly due to cable and integrated products, for reasons of
One is that the company’s new project’s aircraft integration rack project is nearing completion and progressive delivery. By over 126 million, this is an increase of about 25%. We believe that the new product is still in the process of breeding and extension, which is expected to be 30,73, 25,18 and 20,25, respectively.
Military-industrial orders were delivered less than expected, 5g investments were made less or less than expected, new energy vehicles were sold less than expected, and new projects were under production 1) electric connectors: according to the 2017 military newspaper, the military reform was nearing its end in the market,
The industrial market will be further open to competitive bidding and a centralized procurement programme will be implemented gradually; a new round of weapons equipment will be renewed at the same speed, and the market demand accumulated in the period ahead will be effectively released. We anticipate a renewed growth in military coupling orders, taking into account company 3 cable and integrated products: the growth in corporate revenue in 2017 was mainly due to cable and integrated products, one reason being that
The company’s new project’s aircraft integration rack project is on the way to delivery. The progress of the project as of 2017 is reported at 79.28 per cent, and is not expected to be underestimated as compared to public perception.
China's high-quality military-industrial industry, which has been proven in history, is best illustrated by the 27.4-fold increase in business income over the 13-year period from 2004 to 2017. We note that the technology capital of the company's connectors is strong, that it is clear from the military industry to the industry, that management is good and strong, and that it should be very investmentable in long-term logic.
At the same time, in the last three years of the 13th century, the build-up of new weapons equipment into the assembly period, the military engineering contract 1) the military engineering order has been re-established; 2) the investment in 5g has accelerated; 3) the sales of new energy vehicles have been higher than expected 1) the military engineering order has not been delivered as expected
(ii) 5g investment is less advanced than expected 3) new energy vehicle sales are lower than expected 4) new projects are not operational as expected
(i) The company's profile and history of the company, as instructed in document No. 105 of 5 August 5th (70) 3rd Construction, building an air terminal in Icheon County, Luyang District, Henan Province
Plant (code 158), mainly for the production of aviation plug-ins. The plant was “designed in the year, construction in the year, commissioning in the year” in 1971, and was designed to produce 300,000 annual production p-type aviation plug-ins. 1991 by the original Ministry of Aeronautics and Space Industry and the Henan People's Government, respectively, using notes No. [1991] 1888 and prostheses.
On 18 December 2002, authorized by the former National Economic and Trade Commission for the Reciprocal Agreement for the Establishment of China Phototechnology and Technology Company Limited (No. [2002] 959), the Huakawa Electrical Plant moved into the city of Loyang and was officially renamed the Luoyang Aviation Electrical Plant.
The company was co-sponsored by the Agreement between the Sponsors of China Aerospace and Light Technology Co. Ltd., in which 20 sponsors and shareholders were officially registered with the Henan Province Department of Industrial and Industrial Administration.
The "post-doctoral research workstation" and the National Defense Accreditation Laboratory, which specializes in the research and development of medium- and high-end light, electricity, fluid connections, and large-scale military-industrial cores of technology and equipment, are now autonomous in the development of more than 300 series of connection products and more than 250,000 varieties. By the end of 2015, cumulatively, more than 2,000 patents had been granted, and the editor-in-chief had published them.
More than 200 industry standards. The company has a second-level national secret qualification and a weapons and equipment production qualification. It has adopted the certification of the international aerospace quality management system as 9100, the certification of the Iso9001 (2000) quality system, the certification of the ts16949 system, the certification of the Iso14001 environmental system, the certification of the OHS 18001 occupational health management system, and so on.
Products have been certified as ul, cul, cce, tuv, cb, etc. Corporate products have been widely used in aerospace and military fields, communication networks and data centres, orbital traffic, new-source vehicles, electricity, petroleum equipment, medical equipment, and high-end civilian manufacturing such as smart equipment: product for export to Europe,
(ii) The historical financial position of more than 30 countries and territories abroad, including the United States, Israel, Australia, Korea, India. (ii) The annual report 2017 shows that China-China Photovoltaics (00217.sz) achieved operating income of $6362 million (under RMB).
An increase of 8.66% over the same year; operating profits of $925 million, an increase of 10.25% over the same year; net gains attributable to China PV shareholders; (iii) management and equity structure of the company State holding companies, most of which hold shares.
The company is a company with 42.82% of the company’s shareholdings and is actually in control of the company. The company’s role as a military connector is closely linked to China’s major shareholders’ background, with China’s light power using air as its entry point, becoming industry leaders in the fields of space, weapons, electronics, ships, etc., and further expanding communications, new energy sources, etc.
In the civil sphere, such as railing, the realization of a military-industrial factory to a domestic connector leader in just over 20 years is a true model of civil-military integration. The company’s governance structure is more rational, with most executives of both the group and the listed companies holding listed companies, either directly or indirectly.
Shareholdings, fully motivated by management. In December 2016, the equity boom was completed in January of the year in which China Aerospace Technology Inc. was established. Strength shares were unlocked for three years on condition that the net asset return for the preceding financial year could be unlocked at no less than 13.00 per cent; and the combined growth rate of operating income for the previous three financial years was no less than 15.00 per cent;
The ability to unlock the current fiscal year’s operating margins is no less than 12.20%; and none of the three indicators is below the average water level of the same industry. The higher conditions of unlocking also indicate the firm’s management’s confidence in future performance prospects.
In 2017, China ranked 11th all over the country in electronics and PV, and the second highest in the nation’s connectors, followed only by the top-heavy ones. Currently, China’s top five connectors are still at a lower level of company listings, with more fragmented industries, and will tend to concentrate their shares on leading firms as they grow.
The more obvious it is, China is expected to continue to expand the city with leadership in the fields of military engineering, communications, new energy vehicles, and the second, the resumption of growth in the release of military industrial orders, the acceleration of the communications of new energy operations, and (i) the robust growth of military industrial connectors and the re-emergence of the benefits of defence financing.
Our defence spending budget has always been higher than that of gdp, which has ensured a long-term positive trend in the military-industrial sector. Before the 1990s, the defence budget suffered a long period of decline. Since the 1990s, the State has been gradually increasing its investment in defence, rising from 37.7 billion in 1992 to 11.6 billion in 2018, an increase of about 29 times, and a compound increase of 13.8 per cent in 26 years.
Starting in 2014, the budget for defence spending has continued to decline for three years, and the military-industrial sector has also experienced a three-year downturn, returning to 8.1% in 2018, reversing a continuous downward trend. Strategic and emerging industries, high-end equipment innovation and development, and strategic high-technology areas will be the future of the country’s industry.
The overall market for domestic connectors will continue to grow faster than the global average in the coming years. China’s connectivity market is still dominated by foreign capital, with only 20 per cent of the country’s top five pre-natal producers in 2017, and will continue to grow in the future as national producers expand and import large alternative spaces, their share of domestic production will continue to rise, and China’s photovoltaic power will soon become a better development opportunity.
Military-industrial operations are the cornerstone of the development of PVC operations in China, accounting for about 55% of the company's total revenues, while military-military connection technology is also the source of PVC technology in the company's civil use of high-end connections. The PV connection products cover almost all fields of PV in aviation, space, ships, weapons, electronics, etc., with a market share of over 30% of the military goods, air transport, etc.
In 2016, the global connection market accounted for 8%, after Anfino, Teco ranks third in the world. The main logic behind our view of the future space for China’s PV-industrial operations is that
1) Re-pacing of the spending budget, tilting military spending towards weapons equipment, and a huge advance in the military industry are expected over the next three years, as military spending increases, military-industrial orders are expected to pick up significantly, connectors, wire cables are expected to benefit from increased and more elastic defence spending as core spare parts.
The domain, a well-deserved leader of the industry, is expected to continue to expand its share and consolidate its status. (2) To benefit from the upgrading of our new weapons equipment and the development of national defence informatics, there will be a significant increase in the use and single machine value of the connector, and the market elasticity of the connector will be greater than military elasticity.
The cost of human life and training, the future increase in military spending, will be tilted toward weapons equipment, and new types of weapons will enter the acceleration stage. With the increase in the rate of informationization and modernization, the number of connectors and single machine values in new weapons, there will be a significant increase in the future, facing a new cycle of weapons upgrades and replacements in our country, with medium light power as a core appliance.
3. Upgrade and expand the product pattern. As the China-China light tap is firmly in place, the company ' s products are being upgraded from one product to one product, industry solutions are expanding, medium- and low-end to high-end connectors are permeating, links are expanding to other parts and components, products are upgrading and expanding the market space for China-based light power, helping to open up the market space for Chinese light power.
The company’s future performance continues to rise to new levels. China-based photovoltaics are the sole supplier of the C919 aircraft assembly racks for the country’s large aircraft, providing the first C919 with nine integrated installed racks valued at 6 million.
Wirelessly Distributed Base Station Solutions Motor Vehicle System Interconnection Program Drilling Equipment Interconnection Program
Interconnection programme for railway signal systems Data centre interconnection solution Well-detection equipment interconnection programme
General Product Driving System Interconnection Program
Medical Industry Interconnection Program High-voltage System Interconnection Program Replacement System Interconnection Program
(ii) Communications connectors are about to leapfrog through the valley to meet the 5g investment boom. The communications industry is the first major industry to connect Chinese light and light power to civil and military use. Corporate optical devices and cable components are used mainly for wireless distribution base stations and data centre equipment in the communications industry.
The telecommunications connector operation, which is heavily influenced by the country’s investment cycle in the communications industry, has benefited from a major build-up of 4g in 2013-2014, has seen rapid growth in communications, and has seen a significant decline in recent years as 4g investment has reached its end.
As the next generation of 5 g ICT investments progresses, corporate communications is expected to return to a peak. China’s 5g driving agency, the imt-2020(5g) advance group, has indicated that we will start the second phase of the 5g network in 2017, and the large-scale network of test groups in 2018, on which we will launch 5g in 2019.
In June 2017, China's mobile and Chinese communications opened the country's first 5g pre-commercial test site in Guangzhou. In November of that year, China's mobile communications joint high-to-high and Chinese communications announced that they had been successful.
(b) On mwc2018, China's mobile frequency: in addition to publishing the above-mentioned maximum-scale end-to-end interconnectivity results based on the 3gpp standard, China's movement also released 5g commercial product prototypes and test results, and clarified the 5g scale test
China announced that it would build the world's largest 5g test network, and officially announced the 5g scale test plan for 2018, which will be field tested in five cities: Hangzhou, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Suzhou, Wuhan, each with more than 100 5g stations; Beijing, Yuan, Tianjin, Fuzhou, Chongqing,
In addition, China’s mobile movement has indicated that the first 5g chips that meet China’s mobile needs will be launched by the end of 2018, and the first 5g pre-commercial terminals, including data-type terminals, smart phones, etc., will be launched in the first half of 2019.
China Connect: On 9 March, at the launch of the new product for its government and business clients, China Connect released seven new products, such as the cloud network, cloud network, cloud broadband, and announced its 5g plan schedule. China Connect indicated that it would conduct 5g group network tests in 2018, pre-commercial in 2019, commercial in 2020, and commercial in 2020.
China Telecom: In August 2017, China Telecom announced the launch of the 5g Model Network for Innovation in Yoozhou, Hebei.
Construction, accompanied by the publication of the White Paper on China's 5g Innovation Network, which states that the 5g Innovation Demonstration Network will be built as an opportunity to achieve 5g commercial trials in 2019 and priority cities in 2020. Over the next few months, Chinese telecommunications will be piloted in six cities, namely, Yuan, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Suzhou, Chengdu, Lanzhou.
It was completed in early December 2018. In January 2018, at China’s 5g phase III test code launch, China’s Deputy General Manager, Shen Shao Yi, gave a clear indication of China’s telecommunication network approach, which began with an increase in mobile broadband, giving priority to sa (standalone) independence.
Combining the five-q investment progress of the three major operators, it can be seen that the time nodes are all field experiments in 2018, pilot city pilots in 2019, full-scale commercial in 2020.
China’s total investment of 5g will be more than 800 billion yuan, at least 1.5 times as much as in the 4g era. In the 5g investment sequence, the year 2019-2025 will be the main construction period for the 5g network.
(iii) The new energy connector, accompanied by the growth of China's new energy car, has been working with China's new energy plant since 2009 to provide a full package of connectors, and is now the absolute leader in the area of the new energy car connector, accounting for 40 per cent of the total.
The main clients are mainstream manufacturers such as Biadi, Woo-tung, Chang An, Jianghua, Dong Feng, Chi-Ri, which are now moving from providing a single element such as a connector, a signal connector to providing a solution, with a significant increase in the value of a single vehicle. Medium PV is also the drafting unit for a new energy vehicle charge standard, which is expected to cut deep into a charger, lithium battery, etc.
Cars are the largest segment of the connection market. Car connectors account for about 22% of the entire connection market, and the new energy car connector is a significant flashpoint in the connector.
China’s new energy cars have shown a trend of bursting in recent years, with new energy cars selling 17.6 million vehicles per year since 2013.
By 2017, about 770,000 vehicles, a five-year growth rate of 42.75 times and a compound growth rate of 112.9 per cent, and in accordance with the planning requirements of the Development Plan for the Energy and New Energy Industry (2012-2020)d, the country's new energy vehicle sales will reach 2 million by 2020, with a cumulative total of 5 million vehicles, and the future new energy vehicle industry will become an emerging sector of the country's backbone strategy.
China’s energy restructuring and auto industry's big mission are still growing at a combined rate of over 30% over the next five years. China’s leading industry, with PV as the first deployment of a new energy car connection, is precisely and in a timely position to take over the market. It is hoped that, with the new energy vehicle, it will grow into a new car connection business and become an important pole of corporate business.
The main technical requirements of the new energy car connector are also high voltage, which is roughly the same as the main requirements of the military-industrial connector, so the market for the conversion of the Chinese PV from the military-industrial connector to the new energy connector also has great advantages.
The new energy car critical component technology, represented by the lithium ion batteries produced by Chinese lithium, is already in the lead in the country, and complementary products, such as a new energy car cable charged with Chinese photovoltaic, are in the lead in the industry.
In addition, there is a build-up of power-loading facilities such as Kemai Electronics, Kaguar Power, etc. Silver Long has invested $15 billion in the construction of a new energy car estate in Loyang. In Henanzhou, well-known car companies such as Wootongbus are also building a new energy industry base with Luoyang as its core.
It's going to grow to $20 billion. It's going to generate more than $10 billion in corporate income, and more than $5 billion in corporate income, and it's trying to turn the new energy automobile industry into a new pillar in Loyang. China-China Photovoltaics is located at the new energy car industry base in Lo Yang, a well-known local connector company, and it's expected to join forces to bring the new energy car connector business on board.
(iv) The expansion of new areas, such as railing, has accelerated further as the largest specialized enterprise in the country for the development and production of PV connectors, with Chinese PV having a good reputation in the field of urban orbital transport, thanks to a variety of advantages, such as R&D, branding, and services. Since 2008, the country has been building high iron.
There is an increasing number of projects involving PV in China. The products are used in several cities in Beijing, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Lanzhou, Hangzhou, Qingdao, Zhengzhou, and cover a variety of vehicles such as subways, light tracks, trams, magnetic float trains, etc.
Environmental, mechanical, environmental and profit levels are significantly higher than connectivity in other areas such as consumer electronics, communications equipment. Connectors, control boxes, cable components and sensors in corporate products are used for railway rolling stock, urban-track vehicles and moving cars and signal systems in orbital traffic, while providing interconnectivity of rolling stock systems and interconnection of railway signal systems.
A package of solutions: The subsidiary Shen Yang Xinghua Orbital Transport Electric Co. Ltd., with its rich experience and strong product advantages in the field of rail connections, has in recent years taken over a number of major projects such as the cable integration and connection projects of the Shanghai Beijing subway, the Turkish light track, the Philippine subway, etc.
According to the China Industrial Information Network, the price of our orbital transport connector orbital transport connector in recent years has been around 1.2 per cent of the total vehicle value. In 2015, there were 2.5 billion yuan in market size, benefiting from the steady development of high-iron and urban orbit transport, and a five-year compound increase of about 10 per cent is projected for the future.
According to a third-party research institute, the market share of the top four foreign manufacturers, Hatting, Amhenol, Jae and Weidmüller interconnectors in orbit in Japan in 2010 was 38 per cent combined, and 66 per cent in the mobile group connectors market.
China’s main competitor, the city’s share is about 20%. China’s China Light and Electronics company Shen Yanghua’s share is about 7%.
The share of the market in the PV inter-orbit interface area will also enter the accelerated penetration period. Thirdly, robust M&As promote corporate growth, new products accelerate market expansion, and (i) capital operations mature and lead to rapid growth and growth of firms.
According to the development path of the international connector flagship, none of them is expanding the scope and size of the industry through large-scale expansion of M&As, with the world’s first and second connector companies, Teco and Amphenol, having expanded rapidly in recent years through M&As, laying a solid foundation for their dominant position in the global connector market.
The domestic connector industry is still at a stage of fragmentation, low-price competition, low market concentration, and future M & As integration are the trend, with PV in the lead position and rapid expansion of market share and cost reduction through M & As operations.
Through the previous M&A results, the effect was remarkable, with China PV growing rapidly with a large amount of M&As, and spreading its tentacles quickly to new sectors. We look to China PV as the pole of the world connector, and continue to drive M&As steadily, leading companies to grow rapidly.
Since 2013, R&D spending has risen steadily every year, reaching $450 million in 2016, and the share of R&D expenditure in the income of the main battalion has been maintained.
Between 7 and 9% is higher than their peers. With strong R & D support, new products from companies are constantly expanding, and new products such as fluid connectors, medical teeth, etc. show remarkable results. (iii) The targeted increase in output contributes to high growth in corporate performance.
In the course of the development of PV in China, several fixed increases in output have also contributed significantly to company performance. Since its listing in 2007, PV in China has made several targeted increases, with a marked high rate of growth in the company’s performance every time it reaches the postnatal stage, leading to the company’s development on the new steps.
In 2007, ipo mobilized 486 million funds for projects such as connectionr industrialization, resulting in a three-year increase in capacity in 2013 in the amount of 830 million PV industrial base projects, aircraft integration rack industrialization projects, and 1,024 million self-financing projects in 2017 to build new technology industrial base projects, which are expected to reach production in 2019.
1) Electrical connectors: According to the 2017 military newspaper, the military reform is nearing the end of the market, the military-industrial market will be further open to competitive bidding, and a centralized procurement programme will be implemented gradually; a new round of weapons equipment will be upgraded and the market demand accumulated in the prior period will be effectively released. We predict that the order for the military-equipment connector will return to growth, taking into account the company.
3) Cables and integrated products: The growth in corporate revenue in 2017 was mainly due to cable and integrated products, mainly due to lower-than-expected delivery of military-industrial orders, less-than-expected investment in 5g, lower-than-expected sales of new energy vehicles, lower-than-expected production of new projects
Wang Fenghua: Master's degree at the People's University of China, currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting association of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is authorized to do so.