National production of large silicone blades, leading the way to national production replacements, with sufficient motivation to grow.
• National production of large silicon tablets, leading the country in substitution, covering the first-time rating given to the "buy-in" company, a leading domestic silicon company, which successfully replaced the country in terms of large silicone tablets, with the highest volume of output in the country, the highest demand in the downstream industry, and the high demand for the silicon sector.
In this scenario, companies are actively expanding, technologically leading, and the market share is expected to continue to rise. We expect the 2022-2024 silicon industry to be wide-spaced, with high downstream demand, and the larger the size of the silicon, the lower the cost of the unit chip, so that the large silicon is a future trend.
The market for semiconductor materials is innovative in size, and silicon is the main share of the material. According to Semi, global sales of semiconductor silicon (excluding soi) rose from $7.209 billion to $12.618 billion, with cagr reaching 11.85 per cent; and sales of silicon in mainland China rose from $500 million to $500 million between 2016 and 2021.
$1.656 billion, or 27.08 per cent, of the global market for silicon is dominated by trans-chemicals, winning highs, global crystals, siltronic, and sksiltron, or nearly 90 per cent of cr. Currently silicon mills are full of capacity, new capacity is limited, downstream silicon stocks continue to decline, and global silicon tap expansion is planned to continue only in the second half of 2021.
The new production capacity will be available at least in the second half of 2023, with Sumco predicting that 12 inches of silicon will be scarce at least until the end of 2023.
The company continues to bring in high-level talent and high-quality personnel from the global semiconductor industry. Equity incentives bind employees’ interests and motivate jobs. The company’s 12-inch silicon can supply 14nm logic products, 19mdram has made breakthroughs, 64th floors and 128th floors of 3dnand applications to deliver large quantities. As of the end of 2021
The company has a 12-inch silicon capacity of 300,000 m/m, with a fixed increase in production, which is expected to reach 600,000 m/m in 2024. The company has matured in 8 m and below, soi silicon is more competitive and continues to have high capacity utilization. The company is expected to raise an additional $5 billion to enhance core competitiveness, and its market share is expected to rise further.
The big silicone industry pioneers, actively promoting the process of national production 1.1. The domestic silicone industry leads in breaking the foreign monopoly.
The company was founded in 2015 and re-financed the new 300-mm silicon market in Shanghai in 2016, and has been on the market since the beginning of the year. The company was able to supply semiconductor silicon tablets of every size from 100 mm to 300 mm.
A large number of well-known domestic and international clients, including inter-chip manufacturers such as tidal power, combined electricity, Grovender, the Ilosan semiconductor, the Towerjazz, as well as major domestic chip manufacturing firms in China and China, China, China, China, China, China, China and other countries or regions.
By purchasing and expanding semiconductor silicone, the company was fast-tracked, fully produced, and technically ahead of the country. In 2016, the company held a new and proud share in Shanghai through replenishments and equity transfers, and in the same year, the acquisition of the former eighth largest semiconductor silicone manufacturer, Okmetic, was completed in 2019.
The company continues to enrich the group semiconductor silicon production lines by buying and expanding, and currently offers products of 300 mm polish and extrapolated blades, 200 mm and less, and soi silicon tablets. To date, the subsidiary in Shanghai has led the country in terms of new 300mm large silicon silicon technology, reaching 14 nm and soi silicon.
Full coverage and scale of the upper logic process and the 3d storage process, full coverage of the main silicone product categories, full coverage of the main domestic customers: subsidiary kmetic and neo-tech 200mm and below-sized mems with polishing and extension technology levels and market share breakdowns are all leading in the country and 200 mm and below-sized soi silicon.
One of the major international suppliers, technology, is at a global advanced level. The two major shareholder-state conglomerates and the national integrated circuit industry investment fund each hold 20.84%, and there is no coherent line of action between the conglomerates and industry investment funds, and companies do not have controlling shareholders and actual controllers.
Figure 2: Investing funds in the national conglomerates and integrated circuit industries are the company’s first-largest joint shareholder 1.2, the company’s business income is growing rapidly, the profitability of the company continues to improve. Business income continues to grow rapidly, and the net return profits increased in 2021 year-on-year.
786 million yuan, +47.09 per cent of the year ' s operating income. Revenues increased by 36.2 per cent in the year in 2021 and net profit returns by 1.46 million yuan, or 67.81 per cent in the year. The decline in net profit returns by 2022q1 was mainly influenced by changes in fair value, fluctuations in the fair value of the shares listed in the central core international creation board, which were invested by the public administration through the Central Core Star Industries Fund, and the current period.
In 2021, the company’s collection structure consisted of 200 mm silicon chips of up to and including soi silicon tablets, 300 mm silicon silicon tablets and entrusted processing operations.
27.9%. 2022q1, the company ' s 300mm semiconductor silicon revenues were equal to +122%.Figure 5: 300mm silicon business booming in 2016-2021 (millions of yuan) The company ' s Māori rate remained stable and the net interest rate rebounded. 2021 Māori rates and net interest rates were 15.96%, respectively.
Interest rates have risen further to 21.19%. The 300mm semiconductor silicon maori rate is negative, but it has gradually recovered, mainly as a new market entry for the 300 mm semiconductor silicon, with differences in technology accumulation, cost control, customer relations, etc., with low sales unit prices and a low-scale and continuous production during the certification phase of the product.
The cost of depreciation, maintenance, etc. due to the addition of fixed assets, has increased significantly. In the future, the Māori rate of 300 mm silicon is expected to improve as the quality of the company’s products continues to improve, the capacity utilization rate continues to increase and the marketing market opens up, with a scale effect.
Figure 8: The Māori rate of 300 mm silicon has continued to be negative, with a slight decline of 200 mm. Figure 7: Māori rate has remained stable and net interest rates have rebounded.
The silicon sector has a large space, a large downstream demand, 2.1, complex silicon production processes, and technological requirements.
The processing process can be divided into polishing tablets, fire extinguishers, extrapolation tablets, soi tablets, etc., which are the most widely applied silicon fragments; re-processed silicon silicon tablets, extrapolates and soi fragments based on polishing. Semiconductor, each process of silicon affects the quality and performance of the finished product, so there is a need to minimize the lack of crystals.
Falling, maintaining a high level of flatness and surface cleanness to ensure the reliability of integrated circuits or semiconductor devices. Figure 11: The production process of semiconductor silicon silicon is long and the processes involved in silicon silicon for different uses are different.
The larger the semiconductor silicon size, the lower the unit chip cost, the more the trend is, the higher the production technology, equipment, materials, and process requirements of the silicon. Under Moore's law, the semiconductor silicon silicon is constantly moving in the direction of large sizes. Currently, the semiconductor silicon silicon by size can be divided mainly into 50 mm diameter (2 inches),
75 mm (3 inches), 100 mm (4 inches), 150 mm (6 inches), 200 mm (8 inches) and 300 mm (12 inches) silicone, the larger the diameter of the silicon is the increase in the square size of the silicon. The larger the size of the silicon, the more the precision of the production process is required, but the larger the number of chips made on the silicon, the larger the unit chip is made.
2.2 The semiconductor industry is highly dynamic, the future demand for silicons is high, the market for semiconductors is expanding steadily, and downstream terminals are in high demand. With the diffusion of personal computers and smart phones, and the development of new and emerging areas such as artificial intelligence, block chains, auto electron, and object networking, the world has been growing for more than two decades.
In the semiconductor sector as a whole, sales are on the rise, with Semi counting and projected sales in the semiconductor sector reaching $5,55.89 billion in 2021, an increase of 26 per cent over the same period, and a further increase to $61,352 million in 2022.
The market for semiconductor materials globally in 2021, according to Semi, was $64.3 billion, an increase of 16.3 per cent over the same period, of which the market for crystal-crystal manufacturing and encapsulation materials was $40.4 billion and $23.9 billion, respectively, an increase of 15.5 per cent and 16.5 per cent, respectively.
Silicon tablets continue to account for the bulk of semiconductor manufacturing materials, with domestic silicon sales increasing at a faster rate than the global volume. According to Semi, sales of semiconductor silicon tablets (excluding soi) rose from $7,209 million to $12,618 million, and cagr to 11.85 per cent; sales of semiconductor silicon tablets in mainland China rose from $500 million to $500 million between 2016 and 2021.
The dollar rose to $1,656 million, and the cagr was 27.08% higher than the global rate during the same period. According to Semi, global Soi silicon market sales rose from $441 million to $1.37 billion between 2016 and 2021, and cagr to 25.45%; and soi silicon market in China grew from 0.01 billion dollars in 2015.
The dollar has grown rapidly to $93 million by 2020, with capr exceeding 100%. Semi projects that the size of the global market for soi silicon in China will remain stable at high levels for the next three years. Figure 17: Global semiconductor silicon (excluding soi) sales from 2016 to 2021
Figure 16: Silicon tablets in semiconductor manufacturing materials continued to account for the bulk of global production in 2020: sales rose from $7,209 million to $12,618 million, and the semiconductor silicon market grew by a double increase in the main factor price. Volume: global silicon output was $14.2 billion in 2021
Square inch, 14% increase in the same year. Price: Average price of semiconductor silicon in 2021 was $0.99/square inch, 9.7% increase in the same year. Figure 18: Global output of silicon in 2021 was 14.2 billion square inches.
Figure 19: The average price of semiconductor silicon chips in 2021 was USD 0.99/square.
The 12 inch demand growth is driven mainly by logical chips and storage. Sumco estimates that, in end applications, the demand for 12 inches of silicon is mainly derived from smartphones and data centres, both of which are the largest increase in the absolute value of 12 inches of silicon demand by 2025. The digital demand for 5g, teleworking, etc., makes global data available.
Rapid volume growth, expected to increase from 13zb in 2021 to 160 zb in 2025, with 84 per cent cagr, has contributed to increased demand for storage and logical chips. Figure 20: In end-use applications, demand for 12 inches of silicon is mainly derived from smartphones and data centres
On smartphones, with the arrival of 5g, the amount of mobile data has grown rapidly, with Sumco predicting an increase in the demand for 12 inches of silicon, and Sumco, 2020-2025, an increase in the demand for 12 inches of silicon.
According to Sumco, the demand for 12 inches of extremity from 2020 to 2025 rose from 800,000 to 1.5 million in months.
By 2025, the global demand for 12 inches of extrapolated and polished tablets will reach 2.682 million. From 8 inches of silicon demand, Semi projects that global semiconductor manufacturers are expected to increase the production capacity of 8 inches of crystal mills by 1.2 million pieces, or 21 per cent, to 6.9 million pieces per month.
New heights, from a regional point of view, the mainland of China will be in the lead at 8 inches of crystal-crystal capacity, accounting for 21% of global output at 8 inches by 2022. The 12-inch barriers to silicon production are high, leading to high concentration in the silicon industry. The main barriers to silicon are four: technology.
Barriers, certification barriers, equipment barriers and financial barriers, among which: Technical barriers: advanced processes require a higher degree of homogeneity of silicon, and technical parameters such as flatness, obliqueness, bending, surface gold, residuals, etc. are important, while purity requires 9n-11n, which is more difficult.
Certification barriers: Silicon production must not only be certified by a crystal circle factory, but must also be certified by an end-user, and in order to break the bond between the customer and the supplier, a newcomer often needs to provide higher quality silicon tablets, usually for a period of 1-2 years, with 12 inches of silicon currently in the country mostly sitting on the supply of test tablets.
For a long time, the global semiconductor silicon market has been dominated by Japanese mesmeric, sumco, Taiwan ring crystal circle, German siltronic, and Korean sksiltron, with nearly 90% cr. Silicone plants are full of capacity, with limited additional capacity, and downstream silicon stocks continue to decline.
Downstream demand is strong, crystal-crystal plant capacity is close to full capacity, but during this period there was a levelling of silicon output, indicating that the global silicon production capacity is nearing full, with limited additional production contribution. At the same time, from downstream client stock of 12 inches of silicon, the stock turnover has been declining steadily since January 2021, and the stock turnover has been decreasing steadily, according to Sumco's estimate of 2021q4.
Figure 28: 8 inches of silicon produced globally in 2021q3-2021q4 shows a flat level in figure 29: 2021q3-2021q4
The global silicon tap expansion is planned to be launched only in the second half of 2021, with additional capacity only available at least in the second half of 2023, and Sumco predicts that 12 inches of silicon will be scarce at least until the end of 2023.3
The company continues to bring in high-quality and highly qualified personnel from the world's semiconductor industry. The company's current president is Mr. Qiu Xiayuan, a well-known career manager, and Mr. Qiu Xiaoyun is a technologist with more than 27 years of semiconductor industry experience.
The semiconductor industry is a talent-intensive industry, and the building of a pool of scientific personnel is key to safeguarding the company’s capacity for continuous research and development. By the end of 2021, the company’s technology research and development staff stood at 528 persons, or 28% of the company’s workforce, forming Dr. Li,
In order to maintain the stability of technology R & D personnel in companies, the Department has granted equity options to key technology R & D personnel, with incentives not exceeding 5.87% of the total stock of the company.
Expenditure, which accounts for 5.10 per cent of revenue, remains high.Figure 34: Corporate R & D inputs are maintained at a high level and companies have at their disposal a core set of semiconductor silicon silicon production technologies, including 12 inches of silicon, leading the country.
These include monocrystal growth technology, cutting technology, chemical corrosion technology, grinding technology, polishing technology, cleaning technology, extension technology, soi technology and measurement technology. The company has technically achieved full coverage and scale marketing of 12 inches of silicon 14nm and above, processes and 3d storage processes, and major chip manufacturers in the country on a customer basis.
Full coverage, logical chip/cis/radio frequency chip coverage on downstream applications and storage chip coverage, including dram, 3d-nand, noorflash, resolved the "cricket" of 12 inches of silicon supply in the country.
The Programme for the Development of Medium- to Long-term National Science and Technology Development (2006-2020) established 16 major special projects for the development of science and technology in the country, with seven “02” special projects undertaken by companies, many of which were approved through the 20-14nm integrated circuits 300mm silicon package development and industrialization project, in June 2021; and the company's acceptance of the project
The major project undertaken by the Ministry of Science and Technology, " 300 mm silicon-free development and industrialization " , achieved major technological breakthroughs in 2021 and completed the project ' s tasks, reflecting the leading research and development capabilities and technological levels in the company ' s industry. 3.2, 300 mm silicon production capacity has risen steadily, and client certification has advanced rapidly.
The company's 12 inches of silicon have been able to supply 14 nm logical products with silicon, and 19 nmdram has been tested, making breakthrough progress and producing a large supply of polished tablets for 64 and 128 floors of 3dnand. A comprehensive supply platform of 300 mm semiconductor silicon has been successfully constructed and 300 mm semiconductor silicon is technically available.
The full coverage and scale of the logical processes of silicon 14nm and above and the 3d storage process, the full coverage of the main chip manufacturers in the country on the customer, the complete coverage of the logical, storage, image sensors (cis) chips on downstream applications, and the "cricket" of the country's 300mm large silicon supply.
The company ' s 300 mm silicon production and output capacity has continued to rise and its harvests have continued to rise. The company, as a newcomer to the 300 mm semiconductor silicon market, is in a period of product certification and market expansion, with a low capacity utilization rate, but with the adoption of the company ' s product certification, the capacity utilization rate has been increasing, with a capacity utilization rate of 2021q1-3
At 61.54%, the volume of shipments has been rising, with the company ' s 12 inches of silicon silicon breaking out by 4 million pieces at the end of 2021, yielding $688 million, an increase of 118%. The company ' s 300mm silicon silicon is still in the process of market opening and product certification, and it does not have an absolute advantage in the market in terms of technological upgrading, customer relations, and cost control.
The cost of production lines, equipment inputs, depreciation and maintenance resulting from the addition of fixed assets resulted in higher costs, a negative Māori rate, but the level of Māori rate will also improve as the productivity of the company rises.
Figure 36: Corporate sales of 12 inches of silicon have continued to increase, Figure 37: Company production and capacity utilization of 12 inches of silicon started in 2019, Figure 38: Company growth rate of 12 inches of silicon has continued.
By the end of 2021, 12 inches of silicon had reached a capacity target of 300,000 silicon per month, while the company had announced that it would produce 100,000 silicon per month in 2018, 150,000 silicon in 2019, 200,000 silicon in 2020 and 600,000 silicon in 2024.
With the rapid release of production from downstream crystal mills, the company is actively expanding, and the prospects for 12 inches of silicon are high. 3.3, 200 mm silicon and soi silicon are mature and competitive.
Soi silicon silicon silicons have matured in 200 mm and below. The company's kmetics and new proud technology have some advantages in high-end market segmentation applications like radio-frequency front-end chips, analog chips, advanced sensors, auto electrons, etc. In soi silicon, it's international.
One of the major suppliers of soi silicon tablets of 200 mm sizes and below is at a global level. The company now has advanced soi silicone manufacturing technology with autonomous intellectual property rights, such as simox, binding, simband, and, by authorizing, smutcuttmsoi silicone manufacturing technology, it can provide customers with a variety of options.
Soitec, a company’s shareholding subsidiary, is the world’s most important soi silicon supplier. Compared to competitors, the company’s 200 mm and less semiconductor silicon (including soi silicon) is an advanced and mature product, and is more competitive in high-end segmented markets.
The company’s 200 mm silicon (including soi silicon) has been growing steadily, and its capacity and sales rates have continued to be high. The company’s 200 mm silicon has grown more mature in recent years, earning 1,421 million yuan in 2021 and less than half-conductor silicon, an increase of 16 per cent in the same year, the average price in 2021 and the decline in the Māori rate for major product restructuring.
So, the real price of 8 inches of silicon is still rising. The company’s new technology and the capacity utilization of kmetic remain at about 90%. And, according to company announcements, by the end of 2021, the company’s 8 inches and below, combined silica output could exceed 400,000 pieces per month; and the sum of silicon 8 inches and below, the company’s output would be more than 50,000 pieces per month, with a further increase in the company’s future.
Add a new output extension, along with the optimization of the product structure to meet the needs of downstream users in the country.
The following silicone output and production data are converted to the same size: 150 mm and the silicone output and production data are converted to the same size and are shown here as 150 mm silicon data.
Silicon film data are shown in figure 43: The decrease in the Māori rate of silicon at 200 mm and below in 2021 is mainly due to product restructuring, and companies have signed long lists with relevant suppliers upstream, thus ensuring stable prices of raw materials as they go downstream.
It is expected that the market share will increase further, and that funding will be available for 12 inches of advanced silicon, 12 inches of silicon, replenishment of liquidity and upgrading of high-end silicon.
Research and development techniques and manufacturing capacity to increase profitability and enhance the overall competitiveness of the company, and this increase in the amount of $1.5 billion from the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, Phase II, Inc. This expansion project, with more advanced technology, will further improve the competitiveness and growth of the company’s products.
This fund-raising project, the 300 mm high-end silicon-making and advanced-manufacturing project for integrated circuit manufacturing, will add a further 300,000 silicon-product capacity of 12 inches per month to the previous period, in the form of face and silicon-inch capacity, which can also be used in chip-making for special product specifications, such as advanced storage devices.
The aim of the pilot project in the development of high-end silicon-based materials in the company is to fill the technological gap in the country and to achieve engineering capability. Soi silicon tablets, as a high-end silicon-based material, have a small parasitic capacity, a small short ravine effect, low voltage, low power consumption.
High performance, etc., is widely used in the manufacture of microchips, power devices, sensors, silicon photo devices, etc. Soi has gradually moved from 8 to 12 inches in response to the need for applications like 5g, artificial intelligence, etc. Currently, 12 inches of silicon are supplied mainly by soitec France, Sinoi chemistry in Japan, and the ring crystal in Taiwan, China.
After the project is implemented, the company will build 300 mm of high-end silicon-based materials.
The company estimates that the project will achieve an annual average after delivery.
(1) 200 mm silicon-size operations with a more stable performance as a mature company, with a sustained increase in profitability as the company increases its future production capacity and optimizes its product structure. We expect a steady increase in revenue collection and Māori growth.
(2) 12 inches of silicon business: the productive capacity of the company expands positively, we expect a higher rate of growth in the harvest, and the profitability of the company is expected to continue to improve as the productivity utilization rises and the scale effect increases, and we expect the Māori rate to continue to rise. Cost rates remain stable.
The company is a leading domestic silicon silicon company, which has succeeded in replacing the large silicon, and is home to the highest volume of domestic producers, with a high profile in the downstream sector, with a high demand for silicon silicon, and with a strong demand for alternative production, the company is actively expanding its output, leading the technology, and its market share is expected to increase.
The silicon industry, as the backbone of large silicon tablets in the country, offers a price premium, and for the first time covers a “buy-in” rating. Downstream weather, increased market competition, technology research and development are less than expected, and production capacity is less than expected.