Tungway shares of electrical equipment (600438) The benefits of silicon are scarce, and high profits are expected to last.
• Recommended logic: 1) The new global light-voltage machine for 2021-2022 is well-defined, and end demand is expected to be released in the second half of the year. Overseas markets are recovering in the post-epidemiology era. 2) The multi-crystal silicon industry continues to have a tight balance until the end of 2022, with supply of 2022h1 remaining relatively tight, with silicon expected to remain medium-priced in 2022.
On the other hand, the silicon silicon chain is growing at a much faster rate than the silicon supply capacity, which supports the demand for silicon. 3) The company's new phase two, the first phase of the Silicon production of 100,000 tons, will start production by the end of 2021, and the first phase of the Silicon production of 45,000 tons in the first two phases is expected to start production, amounting to 191.236,000 tons by the end of 2021/2022, respectively.
With the ability to expand + long single lock-in on downstream customers, multi-crystal silicon sales are expected to increase exponentially. The Tungwee shares are expected to maintain a better view in the multi-crysilium silicon industry in 2022.
For starters, the global photovoltage is expected to increase to 200gw in 2022, and the demand for silicon material for the entire year of 2022 is 720,000 tons, taking into account capacity q4. On the whole, we believe that the price of silicon is less likely to fall sharply in 2022.
The size and data of the most recent bid indicate that the company and the local company have a component price of around $1.7/w.
A certain degree of acceptance, the corresponding single-crystal re-investment price (including taxes) is around $160,000 per ton, and against this background, we measure the profitability of the various links in the chain, which can still be maintained, and we believe that the game of the chain will continue, and that the price of silicon will continue at a constant high level.
The potential for a significant price reduction is now less high-tech, and companies are expected to lead the industry again, depending on the best cost of the industry and the advantages of new technology. 2021q1 company battery operations earn 3-4 cents of a single-watt profit, with a clear industry bottom profile.
Profit predictions and investments suggest that the company will benefit fully from the high profitability of silicon. Moreover, the public-width battery business continues to expand its production capacity, and the level of battery specialization makes the company more profitable than the battery.
We believe that the market underestimates the duration of silicon material tightness and silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon. The market believes that silicon will be released in 2022, supply tensions will be eased, silicon prices will go down the road and industry will not be in a state of high temperature. We recognize that silicon is much faster than silicon/cell silicon at the same time as the global light voltage demand and heat, and that silicon silicon expansion is much faster than the silicon/cell expansion rate.
At the same time, multi-crystal silicon companies can achieve a better level of profitability by using nearly 80% of their annual capacity. As a result, we do not have to worry too much about falling end demand, leading to a sharp fall in silicone prices, which will support the multi-crysilica industry by putting 180gw installed throughout 2022.
On the other hand, when all currently planned silicon production is fully released, the silicon chain is relatively overstretched, with a large number of new entrants, among other things, and the silicon chain is difficult to achieve. Māori is expected to move to the battery chain, and corporate battery business will benefit.
The company is the leader in the silicon industry, and the supply and demand of the silicon industry is currently well balanced, and silicon prices are expected to remain high for the long term, and the company will benefit fully from the high profitability of silicon. Moreover, the company’s battery business continues to expand, and battery specialization makes the company more profitable, and the company will be able to reverse the profitability of the future battery industry.
(a) The risk of excessive prices of silicon materials affecting the demand for downstream loaders; the risk that the company's silicon, new battery production capacity will not be brought into production as planned;
1.1 For 15 years in the deep-deep-deep-dry industry, a global silicon- and battery-silicon-silicon-singled double-treasuries conglomerate was created in 1995 and landed on the market in 2004, with a large private technology company based on agriculture and new energy industries. In 2006, Yongxiang's shares in the company's flag went into the multi-crysil silicon field and opened up the light-voltage exploration.
In 2013, the company acquired the largest single-size investment in the Global Photovoltaic Battery Project, Fertilizer Xavier, the layout battery business, which became the global photovoltaic battery champion in 2017 and has remained steady until today. At the end of 2021, the company’s battery capacity was expected to exceed 55gw.
The volume of shipments is expected to advance from 22.16gw in 2020, further entrenching the status of global photovoltaic cell taps. Figure 1: Corporate developments in the field of photovoltaics have largely passed through the important time nodes of 2008/2013/2019. 1997: Chinese feed
The first industry was established by Fat Saivi, re-constructing the pool's two dragons,
Quality body iso9002, a restaurant on land, crystalline silicon production.
Photovoltaic development patterns are certified to allow companies to create eco-farming + photovoltaic power generation in the end-stations, in full combination with the resource advantages of aqueous feed operations.
In the future, companies will continue to focus on green agriculture and green energy, becoming the world’s leading professional suppliers. Figure 2: Companies are based on agriculture and new energy, and the “light” model is a global initiative.
The concentration and stability of the stock structure provide the necessary security for the company’s continued sound operation. The concentration and stability of the equity structure provide the necessary security for the company’s continued sound operation.
1.2 Photovoltaic plate contributions have accelerated and profitability has risen steadily in recent years. Corporate revenues in 2020 were 44.2 billion yuan, an increase of 17.69 per cent over the same period. The slowdown was mainly due to the effects of the epidemic in the first half of the year, falling prices for silicon and battery chips, and company silicon operations.
As the price of silicon rose and battery profits improved in the second half of the year, the company’s profitability returned.
By 2020, the company ' s first ultra-farm crop was 51.81%, and the overall net interest rate increased steadily with the share of the camp. The company ' s annual rate of Maori for the plate was constant at 10-15%, and the overall level of profit was relatively low. The overall rate of Maori for the plate was 25%.
Thus, in recent years, the net interest rate of companies has risen considerably with the contribution of photovoltaic plates, reaching more than 8 per cent by 2020. Corporate assets are well structured. The total assets of companies at the end of the first quarter of 2021 were 73,049 million yuan, an increase of 42.66 per cent over the same period.
2 polycrystal silicon: supply and demand mismatches in industrial chains, tight balance-over-expected 2.1 review history: supply and demand mismatches in multicrystal silicon industries are easy to match, profitability is strong, the multicrystal silicon sector is characterized by high barriers, asset-intensive, long production and capacity-building cycles, and the industry is highly profitable in nature.
The first link in the main light-voltage chain, multi-crystal silicon (also known as silicon) production, which is essentially chemically purified, is characterized by high-tech barriers, heavy assets, capacity-building and long slope cycles. As a result, multi-crystal silicon links are more likely to be wrongly matched to downstream demand than the other links in the light-voltage chain.
The multi-crystal silicon industry has gone through several different stages since its development. Based on the historical multi-crysil silicone rate, combined with price changes in multi-crysilica, we have divided the multi-crysil silicon sector profit cycle until 2020 into four phases:
After 2020, the world’s photovoltaic market entered a price-driven cycle in 2020, and the epidemic did not change the global build-up. Our “531” New Deal is short.
The demand for light voltage machines has been somewhat constrained over the period, but on the other hand, cooperation between the photovoltaic industry up and down has been promoted to co-improvise efficiency, and the cost of light voltage power has declined rapidly, reaching parity in some parts of the country by 2020. According to the rest of the world, Saudi Arabia achieved the lowest global photovoltaic price of 0.12/kwh in 2017, with a further 0.07/kwh of photovolt pa in 2020.
On the European side, the cost of the components fell after the end of the double-reflection of the fluorescent product in September 2018, and photovoltaic power has returned to rapid growth periods in European markets at par. Although the new crown epidemic has caused a global recession, data on many installed machines shows that the epidemic has had limited impact on the photovoltaic market.
Looking to the future, we believe that the demand for photovoltaics will remain high and provide a good basis for the development of the links in the industrial chain: 8gw per annum, 25gw in 2020, 8gw in 2020, 10gw in 2020, 35gw in 2020h2, and about 10gw in the provinces, of which at least 40gw is required.
In terms of household use, the current year ' s total subsidy of 500 million yuan is over-expected (valued at 0.03 yuan/kwh) and the equivalent is expected to be 15gw without taking up the annual guaranteed grid size. On the other hand, in May 2021, the National Energy Agency announced that 90gw is required for wind and light grid coverage in various parts of the country for the year.