A 100-year-old company - America's Group (000333.sz) depth report.
America’s Group: A 100-year-old company that's made 50 rolls of wind and rain hammers on the 23rd of 2020, making the world’s power poles. The beauty keeps jumping out of the old market locks, extracts from the business, and succeeds in the break-downs.
Over the years, corporate Māori rates and net interest rates have been rising, reflecting strong brand competitiveness and business efficiency. How can core efficiency advantages be refined? 1) Supply chain/storage/marketing are fully digitalized, driving internal efficiency improvements; 2) forward-looking layout, stealing
(c) The "t+3 " model enhances the overall effectiveness of the industrial chain and promotes faster market response upstream and downstream: the effectiveness of the reporting end increases with short-term timeliness, smoothing operating liquidity fluctuations over a long period of time, managing terminal dynamics, efficiently increasing market share and pushing upstream suppliers to accelerate public reflection
The United States is a relatively deep group of 300, with a strong autonomous R & D capacity, with investment in R & D of about $10 billion in 2019, at a cost of 3.45 per cent; 2) strong enterprise implementation, organization, flexibility, decentralized organization, becoming the cornerstone of contact; 3) strong incentives for embedding in the corporate base and the importance of R & D personnel.
A hundred-year-old enterprise: where to go in the future? 1) develops a multi-brand strategy that captures a breakdown of the market dividend: colmo, Beverly's high position, beautiful little swan's location, Wallin's attraction of young consumers, and enjoys the growth of revenue from purchasing power at all levels; 2) in the context of globalization.
Overseas markets are bound to reap the harvest in the future. 3) With robotic operations as a support point, we are heading towards a wider tob track: we're taking hands, Andchon electric power, Kuka and high-tech robotics, and, with the technological advantage of overseas firms, we're starting to acquire new energy from the conglomerates or will become American exploration services. Reference is made to the giants from abroad who are powered by Philip and Siemens, and the beauty is expected to move to intelligent home/logistics/manufacture and medical care through the Kuka Robotic Operations Bureau.
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic fluctuations; risk of price fluctuations of raw materials; underexploitation abroad; expansion of product categories; and under-exploitation of products.
The American group, known as the White Electric Dragon Company, has been actively developing new fields for many years at the same time. In our view, the United States has gradually taken shape through a multi-year digital strategy.
A core efficiency advantage, combined with a high degree of autonomous R & D capacity, enterprise implementation, flexible organizational structures, and incentives, underpins a “platform-type” enterprise with strong new business incubators.
1. The market share of the United States has been rising for the last two years, with the strong efficiency advantages of efficient synergies across the group as a whole: a top-down digital management system, based on the intelligence of the American cloud, with companies fully connected to the consumer end, marketing end, product end, manufacturing end and supply chain end.2 On the forward-looking layout line, mastering end-start sales and consumption trends, thus providing the “t+3” supply chain reform “for the elimination of production” with a pre-existing data base, smoothing the reform landscape
In the long run, the t+3 system has significantly reduced corporate volatility.3 As China’s retail channels have become more diversified, the overall efficiency advantages of the US industrial chain have been further magnified, the share of the US is still maintained in a highly competitive and volatile external environment,2 and, in the context of the proposed market segmentation of smart optics, companies are increasingly moving towards “platform” enterprises with strong blood-making and incubation capabilities, even when the future is likely to face both inside and outside.
We believe that the underlying rationale is: a firm’s continued investment in R & D and the top-level design of a two-tier R & D system guarantee strong autonomous R & D capabilities; and the importance that companies attach to R & D personnel, with high equity incentives for R & D personnel.
From a 100-year-old business perspective, we believe that a fully-fledged branding team is expected to benefit from the market dividends for consumers at all levels as a result of rising air-conditioning holdings and high-middle-level upgrading.
The overseas business layout of US$ 2 in global view is bound to be reaped in the long run.3 The U.S. is expected to achieve the world's home poles with wind and rain hammers, such as wisdom home/logistics/manufacturing and medical devices, through the Kuka robot business layout, by reference to the home-run giants of Philip and Siemens.
In the early 1970s and early 1980s, the United States group, which initially focused on plastics and parts of cars, developed the first electric fan and split air conditioner, officially entered the modern military home. In the 1990s, joint ventures were launched with prominent enterprises such as Toshigi, Sanyang, and Meloni, Italy, to quickly cut into commercial air conditioners, electric machines, microwaves, drinking water machines, and cooking dishes. After 52 springs and autumns, the United States has now become a technology leader with consumer appliances, heating air conditioners, robots and automated systems.
In 2019, US$279.4 billion (+6.71 per cent) was realized, of which 42.8 per cent was heat-to-air conditioned; 41.80 per cent of overseas markets contributed, with a strong expansion. In 2019, the group achieved an overall Māori rate of 28.9 per cent (+1.3 pct) and an overall net interest rate of 9.1 per cent (+0.8 pct).
The beauty booming off the ceiling of the former market, and the outward derivatives and operations have succeeded in taking the lead in the segmented markets.2 Corporate Maori rates and net interest rates have been rising, reflecting strong brand competitiveness and business efficiency.
How can America's core efficiency advantages be refined?1 The overall digital strategy drives an increase in the rate of entry into force over the years, and the beauty of the United States has evolved around “efficiency” in supply chain systems and marketing channels, thus becoming more competitive in the market.
To innovate, firms move from “software-driven business” to “smart big data-driven efficiency” to “data-driven c2m customer customization.” Companies rely on cloud numbers to produce digital products, software, and solutions, with full links to consumer, marketing, product, manufacturing and supply chain ends. In 2018, the United States officially released mideam.iot, setting up its first “knowledge, software, hardware” industry-wide Internet platform to enhance the efficiency of its internal value chain.
Improved efficiency in the management of scientific discharges + digitally controlled products, promotion of innovation in the c2m model, reduction in labour costs and improvement in equipment efficiency.
Take, for example, the Scheduling Easys system, which supports the efficient synergy between marketing and manufacturing through the internal and external distribution of orders, which allows for the introduction of and production side-by-side, thus improving manufacturing efficiency in coordination with the process schedule in and out of the plant and in the workshops.
Figure 7: U.S. Industrial cloud system for sound-printing arithmeticals 2 is managed through industrial cloud system guarantee control. U.S. industrial cloud system optimizes production operations using big data analysis, machine learning, ai algorithms, etc.
Texture recognition allows automatic and interactive cross-checking of the same sound, releasing the same voice washing machine out of the re-repair line through rfid, allowing the tester to search for the same sound effects of the one tested by the mes and to conduct precision checks based on the effects, not only increasing the accuracy of the test, but also reducing the manual cost of the same sound testing by 50%.
The end of the statement is a direct reflection of the effectiveness of digitization at the end of the supply chain, with significant improvements in manufacturing end-of-end efficiency. Per capita income generation for producers rose from 1.5 million yuan in 2014 to 2019.
Two hundred and twenty-two million yuan, or approximately 11 per cent of cagr, and in 2019 the average per capita income per producer rose from about 110,000 yuan in 2014 to about 220,000 yuan, and cagr about 15 per cent of the warehouse logistics end digitized, driven by “cloud plus number plus intelligence”, to connect multiple systems such as erp\mes to connect to a full-link integrated intelligent logistics platform.
1 At the warehouse end, a production-wide record management was established, with a production-by-production round-up and a real-time view of the inventory. According to data from the beauty cloud flow, the storage stock occupancy was reduced by 66 per cent and the storage volume increased by 400 per cent, while the average age of the worksheet was reduced by 16 hours and warehouse staff by 70 per cent.2 At the logistics end, internal and external supply chains were connected through intelligent logistics management systems and a seamless logistics information chain to speed up process response times.
Marketing end digitizing1 achieves synergies in purchasing and marketing through cloud sales app and channel agents. Online management of sales operations helps channelers and terminal stores to quickly access single purchases and online financing and enhances synergies in channels.
2 Achieves closed-ring synergies from order execution, user purchase and installation of channel members through channel cloud systems. Achieves purchase union and business closure through products such as channel cloud, cloud sales, multi-dimensional data analysis and decision support for branders, and ensures channel efficiency. Figure 11: Impact assessment through digital back-office analysis of cloud sales
Figure 10: Co-ordination of purchases through cloud sales apps #c.cw-treerenq.0
The company will pass the 12.12 "time-limited buy-out policy" on December 12th at 0-23:59, in return for interest and support from a wide range of distributors.
The sodium system publishes a time-limited dog-hunting policy, whereby a wide range of distributors are invited to log on to the cloud fairs and participate in the cloud fair promotional activities.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Starting in 2012, the United States implemented the “632” project internally to build six operating systems, three major management platforms, two portals and integrated technology platforms.
Establishment, real-time tracking of order data to manage order cycles, production cycles, distribution cycles and ensure the rational distribution of small bulk orders and flexible transport: continuous optimization of outreach channels co-systems (ccs) 2.0, cloud distribution systems and terminal management systems (rms) applications at downstream channels, focus on counties, township retailers direct supply, ka/top direct supply, home-to-store supply, power-to-house platform, etc., contributing to changes in business model t+3.
A forward-looking layout that captures end trends, pre-empts markets, improves efficiency, provides early access to terminal information, provides a foundation for “t+3” reforms, and crosses the gap between direct communication with consumers, and early captures end-to-end retail trends, which provides a number for its subsequent “t+3” supply chain reform.
And, with pre-emptive advantage, the online channel became an important catch-up position for the United States. In 2019, the online channel was above 30%, top of the net, and up to 40%.
t+3 Supply chain reform enhances the overall effectiveness of the industrial chain, while accelerating the pace of market response and pre-empting the so-called “t+3”, i.e., using customer orders as the starting point of the cycle (t) for raw material preparation, manufacture, and sale (+3), thereby minimizing supply chain stocks and achieving capacity in the changing supply chain system in Figure 15: “t+3”
“t+3” has a short time frame for the end of the statements, while in the long term it accelerates the speed of response to market terminals, thereby pre-empting and improving energy efficiency. (i) Report end feedback: short-term efficiency gains, long-term smoothing of swing fluctuations Inventory: in 2013, the “t+3” model was first introduced in small swans (the beauty washing machine department) in order to reduce the inventory of washing machines and to force soft production to improve events
Cash flow: Following the implementation of t+3, downstream distributors benefited from their own cash flow cycles from a virtuous cycle of stock through channels, reduced financial pressure, and increased incentive to pay. From 2012 to 2015, the turnover rate of small swan receivables rose from 8.36 to 13.22.
Even more, the end-of-the-statement efficiency has only short-term timeliness. As with the feedback from the end-of-the-swan report, in 2015, following the introduction of the “t+3” model across the Department, the stock turnover rate has declined, and the rate of turnover of accounts receivable has not even changed significantly.
1) The overall business of the United States is more complex, with external sales, kuka, etc. not affected by the “t+3” change; 2) US air-conditioning operations account for more than 40% more than the usual year. Unlike washing machines, the low-season characteristics of air-conditioning are smooth due to the promotion of the festivals of “man-made carnivals”, but they are still more cyclical in nature, making production needs themselves predictable;
3) The fact that the functional and technical characteristics of the air conditioning itself have led to slow product rotation, more selective products and a slower response to downstream market demand, which has limited the scope for “t+3” changes to improve the efficiency of air-conditioning operations, thus constraining the overall efficiency of the United States. Long-term perspective: while there are some bottlenecks in the efficiency of short-term reporting ends, vertical long-term lines have been drawn, and it is easy to find that after the “t+3” has been implemented, whether in stock or in stock.
This is a significant reduction in liquidity volatility for both upstream and downstream payments. Thus, from the point of view of cash flows at the end of the statements, “t+3” can provide long-term support to companies and reasonable upstream and downstream movement planning to enhance their own resilience to risk.
(ii) Long-term drivers of change in the industrial chain, taking control of the terminal and taking advantage of the market ahead of the short-term efficiency gains at the end of the statements and long-term smoothing liquidity fluctuations, with the “t+3” model having an even greater impact on changes in the industrial chain.
In the consumer goods front line view, the “t+3” model benefits the United States by providing a quick response to end-market demand in the breakout lanes, thereby taking advantage of the “t+3” model to efficiently upgrade the market, and the distributor becomes an “information-integrated operator” through which firms can learn about the end-use demand through orders. Enterprises can quickly benefit from the cost dividends of falling raw material prices and channel them down to downstream channels, allowing earlier consumers to gain a higher market share.
In early 2019, under pressure from air conditioners to stock, brands launched a price-for-price strategy. During this period, while the price reduction was not for other manufacturers, the market share on-line increased significantly and remained good throughout the year, reflecting the ability of the “t+3” model to control the terminal.
From the point of view of the industrial chain, the “t+3” policy began with the transfer of the agent's inventory (finished product) and the company's raw material inventory to upstream suppliers (raw material), thus requiring tests of upstream rapid readiness, stock risk tolerance and forecasting. American upstream compressors and power suppliers are more of a foreign-collar plant, more sticky cooperation with the United States, and the “t+3” model is expected to push upstream suppliers to upgrade their forecasting and rapid response capabilities over time.
The barrier is followed by an increase in the efficiency of the new supply chain. Figure 23: US raw materials account for less than stocks, while forcing industrial chains to increase the speed of their response and the path of multi-species success: Platform-type incubating genes
In 2019, while the share of heating-to-air-conditioning camps (42.8%) was higher than in the previous year, the multi-operational multi-producer model of development was well established, looking at the development path of the past. In July 2020, America’s smart-to-intellectual subsidiary, the Mercure Photovoltaic, was removed from the market, reflecting the beauty’s powerful hatching power as a “platform-type enterprise” with technology-centred research and development and evolving organizational changes, which allowed it to continue to break through the boundaries of household electrical goods and become a platform-based technology with new business incubation capabilities.
As a result, both the traditional three major white power businesses and the emergence of small electric lanes, the beauty of the United States has maintained a strong growth momentum and market share.
The top-level design for R & D innovation: “Central Institute + Department of Enterprise Research and Development” double-layered to ensure the sustainability of product innovation, short-term product R & D + long-term technology reserve supports long-term endogenous development, patent technology, and higher barriers. Companies focus on medium- and long-term technological reserves and individualized R & D for short-term products, with 20 R & D centres in nine countries around the world, including the United States and Japan.
In 2019, the US invested nearly $10 billion in research and development, at a cost of 3.45%. Just because of its constant investment in research and development, the U.S. has a thick hair on the number of patents authorized for the development of multi-brand companies.
By contrast, the number of researchers in the United States is significantly lower than that of the other two enterprises, with 13727 researchers in the United States and abroad in 2019, or 10.18% of the total. By per capita patent approvals, the number of researchers in the United States is more efficient and creative.
There are fundamental guarantees for group-driven data, but there are more incentives for front-line researchers. Looking at several equity incentives than other firms, the United States places a high priority on R & D staff, with equity incentive options amounting to nearly 40%.
On the one hand, companies are accelerating patent conversion in the mature white power sector, introducing innovative upgrading products based on micro-crystal storage and windless technologies, relying on functional upgrades, and breaking product price bands. On the other hand, they are developing a matrix of fine pro-high-end, green-selection and real-estate pre-package products, drawing on synergies among multiple product groups.
A powerful executive corporate culture versus a flexible organizational structure A decentralized organization transformed into a US-based platform as a cornerstone of the continuous outreach of platform-based enterprises A beautiful platform with incubation capacity that is inextricably linked to corporate culture and flexible organizational changes that are governed by decentralization. Every new product hatched with the organization.
The 1997 reform of the Ministry of Industry became a watershed building block for the future: “Together has a way of doing things, and there is an orderly separation of powers.” In 1997, the US was hit by a run-off in Waterloo, with negative growth in revenue and sales, falling to seventh place in the air-conditioning industry, inefficient management, and disjointed production.
Xi has set up five major departments (panks, electric power, air conditioning, cooking equipment, compressors) to formally establish a management mechanism for authorizing operations and benefit-sharing, which, after many years of refinement and adaptation, became the core competitiveness of the future development of the United States. In the three years following the 1997 reform of the system, the company collected $3.658.8 billion, compared to +67/59/52 per cent.
Equilibrium and flexibility to shorten the chain of feedback from upper-level strategic decision-making to mid-level deployment to lower-level implementation, allowing for faster strategic deployment and faster end-to-end feedback.
The reason for this is that too many ministries were created for post-reform businesses, and by 2002 the United States had 10 departments under the United States group, which, under the reformed structure of 97, were easy to create separate departments, thereby reducing resource efficiency. The management decided to manage the division of power between large and small households, creating a cooling group and a solar power group at the upper level of the ministry, thus increasing the overall efficiency of the department.
A new architecture of 789 was set up in 2015, with a clearer management system for a three-tier transition in 2017. The corporate structure of the group was reformed again in 2015 to form seven platforms, eight functional agencies and nine utility ministries. The aim was to increase back-end support for the front end in order to give greater ownership to the front-end platform personnel. On that basis, the three-tier structure of the operating entity, the platform and the functional department was further clarified in the United States for 2017-2018.
+US international/American cloud wisdom, etc.) carries out Kpi tests, making profits to the group. The four platforms on the second tier (Andejion, iot, US financial companies, and China Research Institute) do not carry the test indicators, and serve the Department specifically. Ten functional departments on the third tier, etc., provide support to service the first two layers of the architecture.
Figure 36: New architecture 789 in 2015, three layers of architecture in 2017, strong enforcement throughout business history, effective marketing system reform, corporate enforcement is always well known in industry, and companies with such strong enforcement genes have proven to be always incorruptible and thin.
As a result of this development, the market has been strategically adjusted every few years, supported by changes in the structure of the organization. The United States has evolved from having only three end-products (air conditioning, fans, and rice) to being the leader of a dozen or so product categories, depending on the firm’s strong enforcement power from top-level strategic design to downside implementation.
The 1998 regional agency model: along with the reform of the business sector, a change of channels was introduced in the United States in 1998, with the demand for “blank flattening structures” and “circle precision”, the consolidation of large local households into regional agents, the restructuring of large households that could not adapt to the new changes into second-tier customers, and the advancement of local, county and town markets to improve end-control and reduce cargo problems. Under the model, a total of 3,642 million yuan, or 67 per cent, was collected in 1998.
The interests were tied and regional marketing firms established: in 2005, the United States co-owned with large agents formed a regional marketing firm, forming a community of destinies. Under the equity holding mechanism, the agents were fully motivated, with 33% of company revenue in 2005-2008, and per capita income generated significantly higher.
Today: based on the Ministry of Enterprise, the organizational changes have been continuously adjusted to respond flexibly to market changes, the basic organizational structure of the Department of Enterprise remains efficient and dynamic, and the business sector has been strengthened by a combination of goods.1 Based on the Ministry of Enterprise's basic marketing system: the company is based on “research, production, marketing” and the ministries have operational autonomy and have established marketing companies;
Since 2017, 33 business centres have been set up throughout the country, in the form of virtual organizations, to act as cross-product communication and coordination roles. The Managing Directors of the provincial business centres coordinate end-market promotions, brand image consistency, customer communication, etc. The business centres are currently under the umbrella of the United States Department of Regional Affairs and Industry of China.
Combined marketing, some of the future distribution sites have been transformed into multi-product shops.3 Strong incentives are embedded in business foundations, leading management thinking from long-term thinking, as the first manufacturing company to introduce incentive systems, from long-term thinking patterns to firm roots. The United States introduced “Annual Pay System” and “Simulation Shares” as early as 1995
By July 2020, the stock incentive scheme had been implemented in seven phases. Compared to the one-time incentive system of other listed enterprises, which was guided by the expansion of revenue, the United States took into account the group’s overall long-term performance, and the gradual equity incentive mechanism had facilitated the development of core business personnel for long-term business.
Per capita pay is at the forefront of the industry, with the elimination of inefficient employees in due time, and the reduction of efficiency gains while safeguarding the interests of efficient employees. With the expansion of America’s business map, staff pay has increased considerably.
(c) Overcrowding, replacing inefficient staff when sales are too expensive, eliminating inefficient staff and increasing operational efficiency, thereby safeguarding the interests of efficient staff with a sufficiently high remuneration system, and, fourthly, a 100-year-old enterprise: where to go?
1. Multi-branding strategies to capture market-based dividends have been evident in recent years, with more personalized branding by young people and rapid expansion of high-end markets in the domestic electricity sector. Heil’s high-end brand in 2006 covered all types of ice-washing operations, air-conditioning, and small household appliances, and quickly seized the lead of the country’s high-end segmented markets.
In the form of products, the trend towards upgrading is even more pronounced. Figure 44: The upward trend in the consumption of oil smokers is clear, with a multi-brand matrix, making it easier to locate the consumer population, thus enjoying the increase in the revenue generated by purchasing power at all levels.
Markets, brands of beautiful, small swans, and Wallianwahin attract young consumers. The brand matrix is more complete, covering all categories of consumers, with multiple layers of coverage to enjoy the growth in revenue generated by purchasing power at all levels. In the refrigerator market, for example, the sale of brands has risen, with a 12% share of retail end-to-end sales of beautiful refrigerators in 2019.
From the perspective of globalization, the future of overseas markets is bound to be a harvest period, the genes of the founding team lay the foundation for mergers and acquisitions, and the expansion strategy highlights the strategic ambition of globalization. From the start of the M&As in 1998, the U.S. has embarked on a process of domestic and external M&As. The founding team has a long-term vision and a large-scale determination to allow the U.S. M&A strategy to move from the original vertical industrial chain to M&As, horizontal goods to M&As abroad.
As of 2019, there were more than 35,000 overseas workers in the United States, with more than 200 countries involved in global operations and, in fact, a steady increase in the share of proceeds from foreign sales in the United States over the past decade, with a significant upward trend in the Māori rate. In 2019, the proceeds from foreign sales were $116,784 million, representing 41.98 per cent of the principal income. There was a gap between the Māori rate and the Māori rate in the United States, as the U.S. was dominated by oems abroad.
The United States is more inclined to M&As, using local brands and channel advantages to strengthen its pricing capacity, thereby upgrading the corporate product structure of the group, increasing the low outlet M/A due to the higher cost of overseas manpower production, and narrowing the gap between the internal and external sales of M/A. The brand premium dividend that has accompanied the United States’ ongoing M/A acquisition of high-end overseas brands in recent years has been reduced from 10.2 pct in 2010 to 5.86 pct.
Pre-capital accumulation and expansion routes clearly provide a solid foundation for overseas business expansion Multi-division overseas to avoid the systemic risks of a single market. The domestic electricity industry has slowed down its growth during maturity.
The first step was described as three steps: first, by working with foreign firms, to acquire technology while acquiring Oem orders; second, by participating in international second-line brands, to set up manufacturing bases and joint ventures abroad; and third, by launching obm autonomy.
As of 2016, the United States had 17 domestic production bases, 12 overseas production bases, and formed 20 brand matrices from around the world. South-East Asia and South America markets have large disposable income and open-ended white power.
In the international context of the country’s migration to South-East Asia, there is much room for raising the disposable income of the South-East Asian market. For example, in our towns and cities, there is a strong correlation between our air-conditioning holdings per 100 households and their disposable income.
At this point in time, 60% of households in China have already installed the same ratio of about 18-20 air conditioners per 100 households in 2016, but in 2016, according to the linear relationship between Chinese household holdings and disposable income, the amount of air conditioners should be between 30 and 40 at the level of disposable income available to Indians. This may be due to the poor infrastructure of India itself and the difficulties of foreign air conditioners under federal state mechanisms.
Migration to South-East Asia and Latin America, such as India, Viet Nam, Brazil, to a certain extent, will boost local economic activity and income levels. In mid-2018, the average income per person in India was about four times lower, and if Indian disposable income doubled, coupled with improved infrastructure, there would be three to four times more room for air conditioning.
Half a million water heaters, 1.5 million domestic air-conditioning units, 250,000 commercial air-conditioning units, and 4.5 million annual capacity of air-conditioning compressors. As a result of this collaboration, America’s advantages in manufacturing, research and development, and efficient and low-cost management of operations will be complemented by the world’s leading technologies, global brands, and channels, and the performance of its operations in India is expected to be on track.
Three, using robotics as a back-stop, heading to a wider tob track, with a quiet second course, with the potential of a very powerful industry, to transform and hold hands on two robots, four families, to find better runways. As early as 2009, the company began to develop a server to work in the robotics industry.
In 2015, the company established a joint venture with the Japanese Ancheon Electric Power Company, and in the same year, a robotic sector was established within the Group, marking the official opening of a second route with robotic operations at the heart of the United States. In 2017, the United States-owned Kuka in Germany and Israel made a transition to 2b operations.
Kuka, a powerful hand-held group that is driving the group’s transition to industrial robotics, raises the group’s intellectual manufacturing level. In 2019, the density of robots in the United States was more than 220 per 10,000 people, greatly increasing the company’s productivity.
Given the changing demographic structure of China, the industrial robots in China still have 50-60% of the space to upgrade the density of industrial robots in other developed regions of the world. The acquisition of high-tech and co-concording new energy, accelerating the pace of 2b operations, and the proposed acquisition of co-convening energy in March 2020 by the United States, thus accelerating the transformation of its 2b operations.
The core elements of the Internet architecture that are closely linked to automation. Figure 62: The business layout of HCC on industrial frequency change, server systems, new energy sources
Industrial robots are more demanding of service, there is still a technological gap in the performance of their products, and the United States is more interested in the long-term logic of acquiring new energy from the market. As opposed to other downstream industries that serve, industrial robots require smaller sizes, more sensitivity, and a more demanding operating environment.
The US’s intention to acquire NERICA is not necessarily a matter of its technological advantages, but rather of its synergies with the Group’s own supply chain end-of-side industrial automation operations, as well as its clients’ resources below the high-end and new-energy car industry. Under the technological advantage, NERICA will be the beginning of a search for self-supply for the United States.
With a far-reaching strategic significance, despite the relative vulnerability of the current suppliers of domestic servile services to European and Japanese rivals, it is hoped that the technological transfer (high-tech) of overseas technological resources, combined with their own research and development capabilities, will accelerate the pace of substitution of national production for robot serving electric machines. By reference to the international giant strategy, the transition to 2b has been made, and the 100-year-old industry has achieved a great deal.
In 2016, Siemens, General Electric, Philip, among others, opted for a new 2b operation, which is “skinning” away from their home power business, focusing on a higher threshold and higher profitability. ge sold home power assets to Haile in 2016, Siemens sold home power to Bosti Group in 2016, Philip removed the colour, lighting, and small household electricity, and the three giants have now been transformed into “gps” of medical equipment.
Figure 67: Ge, Siemens and Philips have been displacing their home power businesses in recent years, transforming their 2b operations into Siemens' “City Vision 2020+” strategy Focusing on medical devices and health diagnostics
Three groups of companies (oil and electricity, smart infrastructure, focus on electricity, aviation and medical services) Three strategic companies (transport, renewable energy, medical)
Siemens.
Philip, 2016, Ge-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li.
In 2016, Siemens took out Bosi's electricity, in 2018, Dellma's clean water and hot water business, and the Bosca Group paid 3 billion euros (50 per cent).
In 2016, the lighting industry will be independently ipo 2020, and small household electricity will be sold. Philip, for example: the lighting giant, the power giant, and the health services giant, will be successfully transformed. Philip, founded in 1891, started the lighting business and then passed technology.
Since 2008, the company has begun to streamline its organizational structure and set up three major departments: health care, lighting and quality of life; during the following decade, it has removed lighting, some of its electricity operations, and has focused on health care, and has been able to install medical equipment, through acquisitions since 2007.
Philip has now become the world’s leading provider of medical devices and information systems, leading the world in digital imaging systems, ultrasound, patient treatment and custody solutions, medical information system solutions, and successfully transformed from a product-based company to a two-wheel-drive platform company, “2b+2c.” Since 2016, Philip’s medical operations (diagnosis and treatment, connecting care, health technology) have risen from 42.1% to 67.5% in 2019.
Figure 68: The share of income from Philipb end-of-service medical services has gradually increased, and it is counter-productive that, with its extensive experience in manufacturing, its information systems management capacity and its forward-looking industrial Internet layout, it is expected that the long-term transition will be a “b-end smart-manufacturing solutionr.” The United States uses kuka as a backstop, and continues to expand the robotics industry chain and expands the robotic space for robots and self-help.
On the other hand, America’s long-term manufacturing experience, combined with long-term software management techniques for advanced manufacturing layouts with hardware systems, is expected to accelerate the evolution of its role as a follow-up “b-side smart manufacturing solutionr.” The 2b operation has higher barriers to competition and a wider scope for growth, and China is still in the early stages of development in this area.
Efficient self-evolving organizational systems, platformed management capabilities and the layout of industrial Internet industrial chains can be expected to grow into “big and beautiful” scientific and technological blocs in the long run, based on building and exporting services across the value chain, building on R&D, production equipment, supply chain, business, logistics and user ends, in the coming years.
We split our business into air conditioning, consumer appliances, industrial robotics, automation, other operations, etc., according to the income structure of the United States. The air-conditioning business is divided into domestic air-conditioning and central air-conditioning, which are split at a volume price, with internal sales divided by top-down logic (additional demand + replacement demand)* market share, and external sales consider competitive patterns that grow at about 5-7% per year, resulting in production of domestic air-conditioning, multiplied by factory prices, resulting in household air-conditioning revenue.
Given the delay in the completion of the work due to the impact, it is assumed that the growth rate will vary from 5 to 10% per year. The other sections take into account the market environment and competitive patterns, and the companies are expected to compare horizontally, with US values higher than those of the other two major white-electric companies, but given the future c-end exposure of high-end brand lines and overseas markets during harvest, and the scale of the technology-to-be robot business to the top, we believe that companies have the potential to move up gradually in the future, together with the efficiency gains resulting from technological empowerment, and that corporate valuations are still on the table.
This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities Corporation, Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) with the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.