Rating
Date
Company
Gree
Buy
Forecast Change
Asia
China
Reuters
Bloomberg
Exchange Ticker
Consumer
000651.SZ
000651 CH
SHZ
Retail / Wholesale Trade
2Q17 beat but GPM pressure in 2H17;
Anne Ling
John Chou
Buy given inexpensive valuation
Research Analyst
Research Analyst
Valuation remains inexpensive at 11/11x 17/18 PE and 5% yield
Gree's 2Q17 NP beat DB/market estimates by 35%/17% due to sales growth
acceleration and operating leverage. We believe channel inventory remains at a
healthy level at the beginning of the cold year (end of July). Thus, we raised our
sales forecasts for 2017-2019 by 7-9%. Meanwhile, we lower our 2017 GPM
forecast by 1.6ppt to reflect raw material price hike pressure in 2H17. Although
2018 will be a tough year given high base in 2017 due to property boom and
restocking, we believe product upgrades and relatively inexpensive valuation
with 5% yield warrants a Buy recommendation.
2H17 outlook – channel inventory remains healthy but more pressure on GPM
For 2H17, we expect Gree to report a 19% rise in sales with 10% increase in
volume as we believe the current channel inventory level remains healthy
Price/price relative
(~21m units). Meanwhile, we expect GPM to decline 1.3ppt to 31.4% from
32.7% in 1H17 due to continuous raw material price increase. However, opex
ratio might remain low as demand remains strong. We expect EBITM of 15%
in 2H17 (15.5% in 1H17).
2Q17 NP beat due to sales growth acceleration and operating leverage
2Q17 saw NP up 68% on sales up by 60% vs 1Q sales/NP up by 19%/27%,
mainly thanks to restocking cycle and strong demand from retail end. GPM
shrank 8ppt to 30.2% affected by raw materials cost hike, while opex ratio
contracted 12.6% to 14.1%. Thus, the company still enjoys an operating
leverage with EBIT margin improving 7.6ppt to 16%.
Raising target price to RMB44.4 from RMB38.87; risks
We use DCF to value the company with a new target price of RMB44.4 (old
RMB38.87), as we raise our FY17-FY19 NP forecast by 7-9%. Our target price
implies 13x/12x FY17/18 PE, which is at a premium to its historical valuation
point during de-stocking of channel inventory, and dividend yield at 4.6% for
FY17E. Downside risks include competition, subsidy policy, and M&A.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Gree
Reuters: 000651.SZ
Bloomberg: 000651 CH
Buy
Company Profile
Gree is mainly engaged in the manufacture and
distribution of household air conditioners and central air
conditioners.
Price Performance
Margin Trends
Growth & Profitability
Solvency
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Anne Ling
Valuation and risks
Our primary valuation methodology is DCF. As most of Gree's business comes
from China, we use a 9.5% China COE, provided by Deutsche Bank's
Economics Team. We use a beta of 1 and a long-term growth rate of 2%, in
line with our 2.0-2.5% sector assumption for other consumer stocks that we
cover. This comes to a fair value estimate of RMB44.4/share, implying an
FY17/18E PE of 13/12x. Downside risks include fierce competition, volatility in
government subsidy policy, and M&A.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Bloomberg Finance LP
1H/2Q17 results review
2Q17 NP beat DB/market estimates by 35%/17% thanks to better than
expected topline growth and operating leverage
2Q17 NP was up 68% as sales rose 60%, both registering an acceleration in
growth vs. 1Q. This is mainly thanks to restocking cycle and strong demand
from retail end, together with an extraordinarily low base in 2Q16. Excluding
connected transaction with Zhuhai Yinlong in 2Q, core sales grew 42%.
EBIT margin thus saw an improvement of 7.6ppt to 16%
During this quarter, GPM shrank 8ppt to 30.2%, while opex ratio contracted
12.6% to 14.1%. We believe this was due to a mixture of the following reasons:
Raw material cost (e.g. copper (17% of total raw material) price
climbed 4%/5%/4% for 4Q16/1Q17/2Q17) hike and less promotion
expense required during a tight supply market,
Recognition of some of the rebates which were booked in the previous
years, given the air con retail market boom in 1H17.
1H17 NP rose by 48% on gross sales increase of 40%
Gree reported 48% NP growth to RMB9.4bn on gross sales up 40% to
RMB70bn in 1H17. Sales beat market/DB estimates by 12%/11% and NP beat
market/DB estimates by 9%/18%, mainly due to lower-than-expected opex
ratio (5.5ppt lower than DBe) despite a lower GPM (3.9ppt lower than DBe)
resulting from raw material cost hike, and overseas business saw GPM
declining 8ppt.
EBIT margin has improved by 4ppt to 15.5%. Excluding connected transaction
with Zhuhai Yinlong, core sales saw 27% growth. The company was also
negatively affected by foreign exchange loss of RMB491m vs. an exchange
gain of RMB2.3bn, due to RMB depreciation this year vs. the opposite trend
last year.
Market share gain achieved
According to China IOL, Gree's sales volume (sell-in) jumped by 40% (vs. 33%)
in 1Q) with 68% growth from domestic market in 2Q (vs. 62% in 1Q). The high
growth momentum has continued in July when Gree's sell-in volume moved
up by 41% despite a high base last year.
Based on statistics from China Market Monitor, Gree gained 4.8ppt/2.1ppt
market share in terms of sales volume and sales value to 34.6%/38.7% in 1H17.
ASP also increased 4.9% to RMB4192. This is in line with Gree's strategy focus
to gain market share which was mentioned during 2016 annual results
conference.
By product segment, Gree also focused on centralized air conditioner market,
which has a higher industry growth with 25% growth in 1H17. Gree
maintained its leading position in the segment since 2012.
Its prepaid rebates balance increased 3% to RMB60bn in 1H17. Cash flow
from operation has declined 68% to RMB3.6bn largely due to inventories being
increased 134% for the upcoming peak season.
2H17 outlook
For 2H17, we expect Gree to report a 19% rise in sales with 10% increase in
volume as we believe the extremely hot summer helped to digest channel
inventories and the inventory level has been reduced from around 31m units as
of March 2017 to 21m units as of July 2017, according to China IOL.
Compared with 1H17, slower growth in 2H17 is expected due to high base in
2016, as 2017's growth driver includes retail end demand (property market
boom and trading up for better models) and restocking by distributors.
GPM might be under pressure (we expect a decline of 1.3ppt to 31.4% from
32.7% in 1H17) due to rise in raw material price. However, opex ratio might
(15.5% in 1H17) assuming the GPM pressure in 2H17 will be more than 1H17.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Bloomberg Finance LP. Note: blended raw materials assuming 17% are
copper, 5% of steel, 5% aluminium and 73% of others
Figure 4: Quarterly results highlights
Source: Deutsche Bank, company announcement
The author of this report wishes to acknowledge the contribution made by
Louise Li, employee of Evalueserve, a third-party provider to Deutsche Bank of
offshore research support services.
Important Disclosures
Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Other
information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the
primary subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at
"Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
Important Disclosures Required by U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.
See Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
14. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received non-investment banking related compensation from this company
within the past year.
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive
any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Anne Ling
Historical recommendations and target price: Gree (000651.SZ)
(as of 8/31/2017)
07/10/2015:
01/09/2016:
Richard Rui-Huang**
Richard Rui-Huang**
30/11/2016:
15/02/2016:
Hold, Target Price Change CNY16.29 Richard Rui-
Buy, Target Price Change CNY28.48 Richard Rui-
Huang**
Huang**
3. 04/05/2016:
12/06/2017:
Hold, Target Price Change CNY18.10 Richard Rui-
Buy, Target Price Change CNY38.87 Anne Ling
Huang**
Equity rating key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total
share-holder return (TSR = percentage change in
share price from current price to projected target price
plus pro-jected dividend yield), we recommend that
investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-
holder return, we recommend that investors sell the
stock
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months
out and, based on this time horizon, do not
recommend either a Buy or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target
prices supersede previously published research.
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of these websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this
report, or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche
Bank may act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its own
account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those
taken in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis,
equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication
may differ from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies or
otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on.
Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment
banking, trading and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts
sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas that are consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term
conviction belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or sector delineated over a
time frame of no less than two weeks. In addition to SOLAR ideas, the analysts named in this report may from time to
time discuss with our clients, Deutsche Bank salespersons and Deutsche Bank traders, trading strategies or ideas that
reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return
or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to
otherwise notify a recipient thereof if any opinion, forecast or estimate contained herein changes or subsequently
becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company
specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion
of the coverage analyst concerned or of the Research Department Management and as such the majority of reports are
published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account
the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation
of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are
inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst's judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not
be suitable for all investors and investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of
financial instruments are subject to change without notice and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of
price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's
currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily
indicative of future results. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session,
and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is sourced from Deutsche Bank,
subject companies, and in some cases, other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business areas divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect
available
website
under
Disclaimer
found
the
our
research
our
Legal
tab.
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a
loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency
convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and
settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed
income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to
FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the
index fixings may -- by construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended
to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon
rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is
also important to acknowledge that funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are
denominated carries FX risk. Naturally, options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to
risks
the
related
rates
movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.
The appropriateness or otherwise of these products for use by investors is dependent on the investors' own
circumstances including their tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and
liabilities, and as such, investors should take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar
to or inspired by the contents of this publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can
be substantial. As a result of the high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be
incurred that are greater than the amount of funds initially deposited. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable
for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized
website please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed
exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at
review this information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and all affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you, any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information
provided in the materials attached hereto. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as Your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any
trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or
account type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in
making Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to
particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the
offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this
from
inform
directly
ask
that
you
immediately.
us,
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and
SIPC. Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA
regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Pvt Ltd, which is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(SEBI) as a stock broker. Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number is INH000001741. DEIPL may have received
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA,
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks
involved in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by
multiplying the transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to
losses as a result of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional
losses stemming from foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories
of investment advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk
of losses to principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in
market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the
relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in
this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the
name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank
Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are
not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's
equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number
South
1998/003298/10).
Africa:
Singapore: by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (One Raffles
Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters
arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated in Singapore to a person who
is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and
regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank
research may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without
written consent. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and
is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
Taipei
clients
securities/instruments.
Branch
not
execute
transactions
for
these
may
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower,
West Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related
financial products or services are only available to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority.
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company, (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District,
P.O.
Box
301809,
17th
Faisaliah
Tower
Floor,
Riyadh,
Saudi
Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai
International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been
distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as
defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please
refer
Australian
specific
research
disclosures
information
and
related
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of APAC Research
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Anthony Klarman
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Head of Research - Germany
Global Head of Quantitative
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Place
2-11-1 Nagatacho
Filiale Hongkong
60329 Frankfurt am Main
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
Germany
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America