China Oil (601857.sh) Oil and gas reserves are changing rapidly.
Petroleum petrochemicals and trades, investment rating: better than the big market (maintenance) China Oil recently performed a 2025 reverse road show, with research teams visiting the gas reservoirs, the 100-mile oil zone, the new energy source, coal power.
Production research facilities such as carbon capture integration projects, shale oil exploration and development focus laboratories, Krama ' s petrochemicals and monochrome petrochemicals, which inform large investors of China ' s progress in energy conservation, non-conventional oil and gas development, and refining and upgrading. 1) A stable energy supply is an economically active ballast, with the company as the largest producer of oil and gas in the country, whose oil and gas sales directly support the entire country.
Industrial production and infrastructure operations. In terms of human security, the Central Petroleum Sbulge Gas Repository is a large reservoir with over 10 billion cubic metres of gas for the country’s first reservoir, with both seasonal peaks in the North Frontier and West Gas East pipeline systems and accident response functions, which effectively ensure population heating and urban gas stability, oil and gas exploration, ongoing technological development, and the promotion of production growth in old oil and gas fields and the active promotion of green production.
Low-carbon strategies. The Kramayi oilfield explores two-tier well steam-aided gravity drain technology (sagd technology) for shallow superb oil reservoirs, contributes to the economic development and steady increase in production of cyclone-based oils, and achieves the goal of integrated coal, low-carbon gas development and integration of new energy sources through the New Energy and Accompanied Coal Power, Carbon Catch Integration Project.
2) The company actively pursues the strategy of "reduced oils" by upgrading its refineries and extending the natural gas chain. After years of research and development, Kramaite petrochemicals have made it possible to move from a blank to an internationally advanced process, to build dense oil processing, cyclone-based lubricating, high-grade roads, asphalt production, low-condensed diesel production, "Four Bases".
One phase has already completed the construction of a 600,000-ton/year-old ethylene fission device, which is about to be completed in 2026, and the project is taking full advantage of the scale and low-cost advantages of China’s oil upstream/downstream integration. Xinjiang Oilfields: a long-standing and ongoing breakthrough in shale oil development
In January 1955, Xinjiang Oil Corporation (Xinjiang Oil Authority) was established in Xinjiang, responsible for oil and gas operations. On October 29, 1955, the Kramayi well blew out the industrial oil current and announced the birth of the first major oil field in New China.
In 2024, crude oil production at the Xinjiang oilfields rose to an all-time high and became the country's absolute main source of increased crude oil reserves. The Xinjiang oil fields accumulated more than 3 billion tons of oil and more than 170 billion cubic metres of natural gas, contributing nearly 450 million tons of crude oil.
In 2025, the Xinjiang oilfields are expected to produce 20 million tons of crude oil, making progress towards the ambitious goal of building 50 million tons of modern, integrated energy companies. The Xinjiang oil fields, managed by Xinjiang Oil Fields, are the first Chinese countries to demonstrate land-line oil on land.
A demonstration area for shale oil. The Kigyan field area, located in the eastern part of the Bighar basin, covers an area of 1278 km2 and is estimated to contain more than 1 billion tons of resources. In 2023, the production of jim sal shale oil reached 635,000 tons.
Quimsar's dented shale oils are source-storage, and the key factor determining the high yield capacity of the horizontal wells is the “gold target” in the “sweet spot,” i.e., the “sweet spot” and the “sweet spot” layer. China's oil company, Xinjiang Oilfield, has made a technical effort to increase its drilling rate, increasing the “gold target” rate from 43.4% to 83.6%, increasing resource mobilization from 50% to 89%, and reducing the combined investment in single wells to 45 million yuan, resulting in productive output.
The production of shale oil is expected to reach 1.4 million tons in 2025. By the end of the first quarter of 2024, the Kiking oil field had accumulated 252 shale oil wells, completed 1293 tons of capacity, produced 635,000 tons of shale oil in 2023, and the shale oil programme in 2024 was over 900,000 tons, an increase of 300,000 tons from 2023.
This year, the region will be able to drill 100 wells, crush 110 wells, and produce 1.4 million tons of shale oil per year in 2025.
In the east, where there is a lack of stable natural gas sources in the most densely populated areas, and in the west, where natural gas consumption is relatively small, it is stored in a large number of gas fields. On the other hand, gas consumption is seasonally uneven, but the supply of gas is not synchronized with the peaks of the gas.
The underground reservoirs have the advantage of large, stable, high-scaling capacity to effectively regulate imbalances and disequilibrium in natural gas distribution rings; and, at the same time, the underground reservoirs, as the largest “container” of the current reservoirs, are effective in addressing deficiencies in the gas pipeline system, which has a weak emergency response capability.
The underground reservoirs consist of three parts of the gas reservoir, a network of wells and a ground-based transport system. Depending on the type of reservoir, the reservoirs can be divided into four types, namely oil and gas reservoirs, water reservoirs, salt dens, and pits. The reservoirs operate on a year-round basis, with gas consumption peaking during the warm season of the country, and “winter spring gas, summer autumn gas” is the operating process for our reservoirs.
Figure 2: Models of underground reservoirs. China has been exploring the construction of reservoirs since the 1990s. On the basis of foreign experience, China designed and built the first reservoir - a large pile of reservoirs. By the end of 2019, China built 15 reservoirs, generating 11.5 billion cubic metres of working gas, which accounted for about 11.5 billion cubic metres of gas consumption in that year.
In the winter of 2018, as a result of the combined effects of “coal gas modification” and a reduction in the supply of gas in Central Asia, there was a shortage of gas in the country, which caused the country to attach great importance to the construction of gas-supply enterprises, urban gas and local governments, which set targets for the peak of gas-resilient storage, and called for the acceleration of the construction of gas-storage facilities. In this context, China’s gas reservoirs entered a period of rapid development, with a cumulative construction by the end of 2023.
As a result, 30 gas reservoirs have been built, amounting to 23 billion cubic metres, or 5.8 per cent of the annual consumption of natural gas, with a daily peak capacity of more than 260 million.
Fumi, with 4.51 billion cubic metres of working gas, has both seasonal peaks in the North Frontier region and the Western Gas East pipeline system and emergency gas supply for accidents. As compared to the ground storage tanks, the Houthis Wall Gas Repository, as an underground reservoir, has the advantage of large reserves, high gas levels, high safety and low cost. There are currently 49 wells, with a maximum gas capacity of 26 million ft/day, and a peak capacity of 39.5 million ft/day since June 2013.
Since the launch of the shipment, a total of 24.4 billion gas and 21.7 billion gas have been pumped since the launch of the shipment.
The Kramayi oil field, located on the north-west side of the Bigar basin, stretching across the Kramay region, the white-alkali beach area and the Urvu area, is about 150 kilometres long on both sides of the Red Mountain oil field in the south and the 217 national roads from the north to the Urga, and is therefore known as the “mile oil zone”, with crude oil production accounting for 60 per cent of the total production of the Xinjiang oil field, and is a dense oil-mining area of the country's vast area.
The dense oils are classified according to the content of the cyclohexachlorocyclohexanes. Less than 20% of the oils are known as paraffins, 20-40% as intermediate-based oils, and 40% as cyclone-based oils. The cyclone-bundant oils are essential and high-quality raw materials for special oils such as aerobic kerosene, low-condensed diesel, ultra-temperature freezer oils, special asphalt, high-end rubber oils, which account for only 2.2% of the world's proven oil reserves and are therefore known as “red earth” in oil.
Currently, the world's resources are concentrated in the United States, Canada, Venezuela, and China. Of these, 32% of the concentrations of HCFCs are found in dense oils in the United States, Canada, 53% in concentrated oils in Venezuela, 30-46% in thick oils in the Gulf of China, and 69.7% in the Kramay oilfield, which is the “extreme product” of dense oils. Only 0.15% of the world's resources are found in concentrated oil reserves.
Between 2007 and 2012, the Xinjiang Oil Company's Stone Oil Research and Research Team, after four years of hard work, found 360 million tons of super-intense oil development in windfield fields by “introducing a repeat innovation.”
The method was to explore a two-level well steam-aided gravity drain technology (hereinafter referred to as “the double-level well sagd technology”) suitable for the subsurface oil reserves of the Xinjiang oilfields, which solves the world-class problem of the development of the super-intense oils. The double-level wellsagd technology is a development technology similar to that of “baking”, which is the parallel deployment of a pair of wells and production wells at the bottom of the oil reservoir and the injection of super-temperature steam into the wells and the gradual “baking” of the thick oils.
The sagd technology solves the problem of heavy oil extraction, but the technology is associated with high energy losses, from steam production to crude oil extraction. To this end, Xinjiang Oilfield developed a “145” approach to efficient, low-carbon development: based on “less steam, no steam, residual heat”
To date, it is proposed to promote low-carbon development of dense oils through electro-heating support sagd and solvent-aided sagd technologies. In 2023, field tests showed that the power-to-heating-sagd preheating technology in wells increased by 20% compared to the thermal efficiency of traditional steam-to-heating models, and that the use of steam decreased by 90%. “The development of alternative gas boilers to traditional gas-to-gas-to-gas-to-gas-green development” will significantly reduce the use of natural gas and steam and CO2 emissions.
The windfield field area is active in pilot projects for the use of high-temperature light heat. The pilot project for the use of high-temperature light heat in the 37-heat zone of the windfield field is the world’s first sagd thick-oil tower high-temperature thermal pilot project, which seeks to combat alternative technologies for the treatment of heavy-heating heat.
Weaknesses, exploring solutions to high energy consumption and high carbon emissions from the production of dense oils. The total surface area of the solar hot zone mirrors is 5.15 million square metres, providing 5.23 million tons of high-quality overheating steam annually, and 3.92 million alternative natural gas, reducing carbon emissions by 0.85 million tons.
The Xinjiang Oil Fields Corporation's innovative sagd technology and the new generation of shallow oil-rich, super-intense oil development technologies are becoming more mature, allowing for low-cost oil reserves. The three oil companies in our country have up to 10 billion tons of mineral rights in shallow oil-rich offshore, and there is much to be gained from intensive oil-mining technology.
Carbon capture, use and sequestration (ccus) technology is the process of separating carbon dioxide from industrial processes, energy use or the atmosphere and achieving its emission reductions and benefits through engineering, covering four links: carbon capture, carbon transport, carbon use and carbon sequestration. In the case of carbon capture, it is primarily targeted at high carbon emitting enterprises such as coal-fired power plants, steel, cement, petrochemicals, and the production and enrichment of their emissions.
mature technologies such as oxygen combustion can effectively reduce carbon emissions. In the case of carbon transport, it can be transported mainly by means of pipelines, ships, railways, roads, etc. In the case of carbon use and carbon sequestration, it can be converted into high-value-added products such as methanol and fertilizers by chemical use.
The carbon-drive technology, combined with improved harvest rates (eor), has become an important direction in the strategic deployment of the international energy sector. The core of carbon-drive technologies is the multiple physico-chemical effects between carbon dioxide and crude oil.
Submitigation, reducing the viscosity of crude oil and increasing its mobility in the pores of oil, thus increasing the efficiency of oil displacement; second, the solubility of carbon dioxide in crude oil, which increases the volume, viscosity and fluidity of crude oil, while the solubility of water in turn increases water viscosity and drops in fluidity, thus improving the flow ratio of crude oil to water; third, the build-up of carbon dioxide in the volume of crude oil, which increases its elastic energy and provides an additional incentive to drive oil; and fourth, at a certain point, the amount of energy used to drive it.
Under the conditions, CO2 can extract light hydrocarbons from carbohydrated crude oil, form mixed or near-mixed conditions, reduce the tension of the oil and water interfaces, and allow for the displacement of residual oils. In the process, some CO2 will be extracted along with crude oil, but a significant portion will remain in underground oil reserves, and the Xinjiang oilfields, 2.64,000 kilowatts of new energy and coal-aided electricity, carbon capture integration (phase 1) is the largest “new energy + coal power + ccus” in the country.
The integration project is expected to result in a grid-connected photovoltaic project in November 2025, a coal-connected project in June 2026, and the construction of a carbon-dihydrocarbon capture capacity of 1 million tonnes/year over the same period.
The demonstration project, which has the advantage of an advanced machine, low coal consumption and low emissions, will form a cluster of industrial chains that combine coal, low-carbon benefits for the development of oil and gas, and for the integration of new energy sources. It will provide deep-dipping guarantees for the implementation of large-scale renewable energy alternatives in the Kramay petrochemical industry, provide reliable power support for the economic and social development of the region in the north, and help build new power systems in the Xinjiang grid, with new energy sources.
In 1984, Kramaj petrochemicals began to experiment in the development of dense oils in the face of a gap in the country's dense oil processing process. In 1986, Kramaj petrochemicals began to develop dense oils on a formal scale. Over more than 30 years of research and development, the process of corrosion of equipment, deep processing of thick oils and prolonged production mechanisms stopped.
In 2012, Krama petrochemicals won the National Science and Technology Progress First Prize under the project “Research and Development and Industrialization of High-end Products for Production of Non-Cyclosphere-based Oils” and achieved a historic leap from blank to advanced international processing technologies. After 66 years of development, Krama ' s annual processing capacity reached 6 million tons, with 3 million tonnes of diesel fuel per year, 600,000 tonnes of aviation kerosene per year, 1.2 million tonnes per year.
High-end lubricant oils, 1.2 million tonnes/year asphalt production capacity, more than 200 products, intensive processing of thick oils, cyclone-based lubricants, production of high-grade road asphalt, production of low-crete diesel fuel "Four Bases". The transformer oils, rubber oils, light oils, freezer oils, high-level road asphalts, etc. produced by Krama petrochemicals are of internationally advanced quality.
Kramay petrochemicals continue to break through the operation of optimized devices, product structure and industrial layout, magnifying niche advantages, and continue to push for “reducing oil”. White oils are special oils obtained from impurities such as aromatic hydrocarbons, sulphur and nitrogen removed from ultra-deep precision and used for lubricating and sealing industrial and food processing equipment.
Large high-end white oil production bases. Krama petrochemical products, which focus on polystyrene and resin synthesis, food processing, mechanical lubricating, cosmetics, poultry vaccines, toy and plastic manufacturing, high-end glues, are highly sophisticated, distinctive, differentiated. Krama petrochemicals are one of the world’s largest transformer oil producers. The company’s exclusive product, tsb45 Special transformer oils, were filled.
Domestic blanks are designated for the ultra-high voltage transmission project, and the super-high-voltage direct transformer insulation oil has been successfully applied to the national air pollution prevention action plan, which focuses on the transmission project, the highest voltage level in the world (Changi-Couble Springs) and the 1100-kV-high pressure transmission project.
Tight oil resources and advanced dense oil processing processes. Kramaite petrochemicals currently produce 20 or more 70 plates of oil asphalt, with a capacity of 1.2 million tons/year, and produce more than 60% of the market in the Northwest Territories. Corporate asphalt products include heavy road asphalt, waterworker asphalt, colour asphalt, etc. Road asphalt supply for highways in the Western region: airport runway asphalt rewrites of long-term dependence on imported asphalt for the national hub runway
The company continued to push for “reduced oil, reduced oil,” construction began in 2024 of a 500,000-ton/year propane decontamination device, which is expected to be operational in the second half of 2025.
Monopoly petrochemicals: Green low-carbon ethylene preservatives Monopoly petrochemicals was first created in 1936, with modern-level distillation and monocrystal fission devices in the 1950s, with the highest annual crude oil processing of about a quarter of the country; crude oil processing reached 1.2 million tons in the early 1960s and became our first million-ton refinery in the country;90
The ethylene industry model project - 600,000 tonnes/year ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethyl ethyl ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethyl ethyl ethyl ethylene ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl ethyl
The ethylene monosanene petrified ethylene project is a national demonstration project based on the ethylene industry's “Our own resources + our own technology.” The first phase of the project consists of 600,000 tonnes/year ethylene fission device, 300,000 tonnes/year full-density polyethylene device, 300,000 tonnes/year high-density polyethylene device, and is being implemented by the ethylene industry.
The second phase began construction in August 2023, with 1.2 million tonnes/year of ethylene fission devices, 2 450,000 tonnes/year of full-density polyethylene devices, 300,000 tonnes/year of low-density polyethylene devices, 450,000 tonnes/year of polypropylene devices, etc. The second phase is expected to be completed in mid-June 2026. The single mountain petrified ethylene project has taken full advantage of the scale and low yield of China's oil upstream and downstream integration.
This advantage has led to the creation of a value-added chain for the natural gas industry in the South Frontier, which has added the greatest value to the overall natural gas-ethane-ethylene chain, contributing to the economic and social development of the South Frontier. Mono-Pulsification has been active in the development of special-occupation products, addressing the “crack neck” problem in the field of materials.
The development of zepp 2010ha, which led to the “0-1” breakthrough in China’s metallic polyethylene products, filled the gap in the country’s high-end polyethylene products. The research and development team then developed successively a number of branded products that basically shaped the series of ethylene products produced by China’s oil high-end metallic polyethylene products. In April 2024, Monochi petrochemicals successfully developed six new products of the ultra-low-density and very low-density polyethylene series.
The risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; the risk of frequent natural disasters; the risk of new projects not being produced as expected; geopolitical risks; policy risks The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author