In the third quarter of 2025, the company's total operating income was $27.1 billion, compared to +12.6 per cent in the previous six months and 18 per cent in the first half of the year, and the net profit of the parent was $12.7 billion in the first quarter of the year.
The net return profit exceeded the $12.5 billion in the first three quarters of last year; the single-season return net profit was reversed at the same rate as the previous year, mainly as a result of the high base resulting from the sale of stakemark shares over the same period last year, and we expect the company ' s performance to remain historically high throughout 2025.
Brokering, credit and investment income in the first three quarters of 2025 at the same speed, with self-employed income sold at 24q3 \triangleright, converted to a negative increase in self-employed business income in the first three quarters of 25 years, mainly 24q3 sales ofassetmark
Equity, which led to a higher base for the same period last year; interest net income at 1.5 times the same rate; fee-based operations, where brokerage and investment income increased at the same rate in both the first three quarters of 25 years; managed business income increased at the same rate as self-employment income, and self-leveraging increased at a higher rate.
(2) With regard to brokering, the revenue from brokering operations continues to rise at a faster rate than in the previous year, with the application to accelerate \triangleright’s pre-existing advantage.
The company’s revenue from brokering has also increased significantly. According to ifind, as of September 25, the company’s on-line finance ali boom has been independently applied, the artificial intelligence transition has accelerated, and the company’s pre-emptive advantage in the securities app field is expected to continue to be consolidated.
Increased bond payment, sales buy-back balance ratio may benefit from lower financing costs. As the market two-way balance breaks through history and the company’s two-way market remains high, we think credit business revenue or sustained growth (4) In the investment business, 25q3 investment bank revenue increases at the same rate, ipo/refinancing increases at the same scale.
\triangleright is up and bond cover is growing steadily. 25 q3 Wathai Portfolio revenue is $800 million, ring +24.7%, year +83.0%, year on year 25 q2 is up by 7 pct.
Statistics show that 25q3 companies have ipo/refinancing commitments amounting to $4.283 billion, compared to +372 per billion, compared to +25.1 per cent, and a steady increase in the size of their debt over the last four quarters. (5) Single-season revenues have been reduced by the same amount, with the Southern Fund and the Waterbury Fund aum in size.
For the second consecutive quarter, the revenue collection was narrow. According to ifind, at the end of 25q3, the South Fund/Wartebury Fund raised $148 trillion/$801.2 billion, or +9.7 per cent/+16.4 per cent, respectively, by the end of last year ' s 24q3 base, which slowed the growth rate.
The size of the Swiss flag is expected to grow at a depth of US$ 300,256.6 billion. We believe that, with the transfer of operating rates and product conversions completed, the company’s future revenues are expected to be repaired.
The total assets of the company at the end of q3 were of a size of $1.03 trillion, breaking the $1 trillion mark, with a ratio of +21.1 per cent.
Rehabilitating. As capital markets warm, the impact of the high self-employment base diminishes. Equity fund distribution continues to expand, and corporate revenues are expected to be repaired. Maintenance of the “recommended” rating.
Figure 2: Accumulated net profit and increase for HTPs, Figure 3: Business income and increase for HMS, Figure 4: Net profit and increase for HTPs
Figure 5: Changes in the business income structure of the Huatai Portfolio + net gains from changes in fair value, 1h25 and subsequent self-employment income is the new caliber
Business income/costs are all new calibres Figure 7: Trends in auto-roa and roe securities Figure 8: Net home-to-bond interest rate, administrative rates and other operating cost rates
Business income/costs are new calibers Figure 9: Size and pace of increase in financial investment in Chinese securities Figure 10: Structure of financial investment in Chinese securities
Revenue and speed of growth in the stockbroker business, size and speed of sales of securities on behalf of the South Fund, aum and speed of growth.
Figure 14: Voltaic fund raise aum and speed of increase
Figure 17: Size and rate of increase in net revenue from interest onhua-Thai securities Figure 18: Size and rate of increase in Chinese-Thai securities; Figure 19: Hua-Thai securities market gain (pe)
Figure 20: Walter Stock Market Net Rate (pb) Summary of data projections for the financial statements of Huatai Securities Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.