"Ai uplifting" will change what's a smart body synthesizing and tri-quarterly reporting, and there's a steady increase in investment activity, leading business revenue growth, such as corporate brokerage, investment and credit operations.
Benefiting from increased market risk preferences, the two-fold balance has been innovative since August. In the first three quarters, net corporate interest income was $3.27 billion, a significant increase of 1.51 times the year-on-year; the size of the company’s lending was higher than at the beginning of the year; equity financing was warmer and investment performance improved. In the first three quarters of 2025, market equity finance was larger than in the third quarter of the year.
Management and self-employment performance continues to be under pressure. In the last three quarters, companies achieved a net revenue of 1,354 million yuan in corporate management operations, " Huatai securities (6,1688.sh) - self-reverse, technology empowerment " - 2025-04-30 " Huatai securities (6,1688.sh) - vin-tech empowerment, robust growth in performance "
“Watter securities (601688.sh) - Self-employment, greater integration of business layouts.” Huathai securities (601688.sh) - Industrial hardship drives transformation, overseas/management/wealth model, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating of companies.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan) Figure 2: Corporate net profit return and rate of increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Corporate operating income and rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Single-season net profit and acceleration of companies (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 5: Main business structure of companies
In "ai upswing" apps, users interact with apps and express their needs in a natural language, so that ai can analyse, generate reports and support smart transactions in real time. At the same time, in key settings such as stock selection, ai displays the whole process of planning, tooling and reasoning. This visualization effectively eases the user's decision on the "ai black box."
For new users, the focus is on basic cognitive guidance; for mature users, the focus is on providing sound data analysis, etc. In addition, a multi-dual investment assistant image has been introduced to facilitate precision.
The foundation for the birth of the "ai boom" is the strong financial and technological power of the Valtaires. Among the listed securities, they are one of the largest contributors to information technology (IT) and one of the highest share of revenue.
Since 2021, the year-to-year input of the Wathai securities has remained at about $2 billion. The core of the "ai upswing" is to integrate financial science and technology into business and build cores through sustained, high-intensity inputs.
For the securities industry, competition in financial technology has moved from “functionalization” to “ecological re-engineering” and future industries need to focus on customers, with technology, with trust and security, to change the fundamental nature of services. With a consistent balance between regulation and innovation, iTechnology is expected to further drive bond services towards more intelligent and more intelligent securities.
On the internationalization front, the Chinese securities are based on integrated internal and external business management, building capacity for cross-border integrated financial services.
As a platform for corporate international business holding, Walter International promotes cross-border linkages and provides integrated financial services to both domestic and foreign customers. The Hong Kong City Field is a platform for active deployment of mature markets like the United States, Europe, Asia, and emerging markets.
In June 2019, the company successfully issued and marketed gdr at the Lun trading post, becoming the first Chinese enterprise to land in Lun trading under the Lunton rules of business. The company became the first Asian company to be registered as a market dealer and was eligible for market access for major European securities.
In 2018, they established a United States subsidiary, mainly in investment banking and institutional securities. In 2024, the Chinese securities (United States) entered the business line, expanding their cross-border surrogate transactions. In September 2022, the Chinese securities established a Singapore subsidiary.
The Caribbean is a regional hub covering emerging economies in South-East Asia. Equity derivatives and commodities have landed in Singapore, and bond-making has covered many Southeast Asian countries, including Singapore.
Figure 10: Comparison of Māori rates for intra- and offshore operations of the Huathai Portfolio, which acquired the top three United States-ranked Tamp platform, in 2016, achieved a strong return on investment while facilitating the transformation of its financial and wealth management.
Upon completion of the transaction, the company will receive approximately $1,793 million in cash, which will be used to supplement the company ' s operating funds and other general corporate purposes.
The whole chain of operations system of the All-Party Consort Group of Huatai International effectively strengthens the cross-border connectivity of resources, better meets the multifaceted financial needs of domestic and offshore customers, and promotes the development of a cross-border financial product platform covering the first and second tiers of markets, providing a full range of cross-border integrated financial services to both domestic and foreign customers.
Huatai securities are in the strategic advancement and compliance-access phase. Huatai securities see the number of assets as key players in the transformation of their offshore wealth management operations.
Active application for a virtual asset trading license issued by the Hong Kong Securities and Monitoring Board (sfc) to enable it to provide virtual asset transactions and related services to clients through integrated account arrangements. Investment proposal: Based on the company ' s first three quarters data and market performance, we forecast the company ' s profits for 2025-2027
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject