Quarter-by-season loss and continuous improvement in operational capacity 19 October 2024, Quest flight (002230.sz)
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved operating income of $4,449 million, an increase of 17.73 per cent over the previous quarter; a net return to the mother of $344 million, a gain over the same period; and a net loss of $468 million, a decrease over the same period.
q3 Q3 net profit positive and good business growth. q3 achieved operating income of $5,525 million in a single quarter, an increase of 15.77 per cent in the same year, and mother ' s net profit of $5,961.4 million, a positive development in business capacity.
Growth of 120.87% and profitability back on track. Other business indicators maintain overall healthy development: 1) Mäori: Mäori: Mäori increased by 18.17% from the previous three quarters, q3 from 40.45% from the previous quarter to +0.25 pt; 3) Operating cash flow: q3 from 715 million net from the same period
(iv) Sales refunds: 15 billion during the first three quarters, 25 per cent over the same period, 6 billion over the same period, 33 per cent over the same period, and higher returns than revenue (15.77 per cent).
Risk management of accounts receivable can be controlled, accompanied by the release of a fiscal incremental policy package, which will help to accelerate g-end payments, while the civic information chemical industry, such as education and health care, is expected to be financially secure and the public administration is back on its path to positive development and will continue to improve.
During the reporting period, companies committed to the development of major models and to the autonomous control and chain of industries of core technologies, with the previous three quarters of $3.50 billion in research and development, an increase of 29.27 per cent over the previous three quarters. The company took the initiative to restructure its business, which was opened in the previous three quarters.
Platform and consumer business revenue grew by 44 per cent, with income from smart hardware rising by 41 per cent, open platforms increasing income by 50 per cent, end-of-school education by 22 per cent, with sales of learning machines increasing by more than 100 per cent, b end-of-end smart car business by 49 per cent, and the realization of the Big Star model in consumers, education, medicine.
The commercial value of the scenes of therapy, automobiles, etc. were closed, while strategic cooperation was forged between the industry and the company in key sectors such as operators, finance, energy, transport, etc.
Building an artificial intelligence “Starfire” ecology that highlights the strength of the ASI team. The number of new developers in the development platform reached 17,770 in the last three quarters, and accelerated the pace of industrial empowerment, with starlight apps downloading more than 190 million times at the end of Andre.
The main players are China's oil, China's movement, China's green hair, China's first gas, China's energy group, China's tri-gorges, and so on, according to third-party data.
In January-September, the number and amount of winnings for projects related to the Big Star Model were placed in the first place of the General Large Model Factory, further highlighting the industrial strength and position of the Artificial Intelligent National Team.The investment proposal was to improve the company’s operations in the third quarter, with continued investment in business restructuring and research and development.
Realising a single-quarter net profit positive, while acting as China’s “national team” of artificial intelligence, is expected to open up the door to b+c operations under a policy of fiscal growth. The expected return of companies from 2024 to 2026 is less than expected; downstream firms need less than expected; and industry competition increases the risk.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.