q3 performance, the first one to hit 22 October 2024 incident: recently, a three-quarterly report of 2024 was released by the Quest, and the company realized it in the first three quarters of 2024.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright, while increasing the R & D input and layout of the Great Starfire model, realizes a net return profit on a quarterly basis.
During the first three quarters of 2024, the commercialization of the `i' achieved significant milestones, and according to the company's three-quarterly report 1) the `Standing Star Fire' has kept the industry in the forefront while strengthening its autonomous and controllable advantages; the `Standards' have assumed many of the national strategic tasks of the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the Ministry of Science and Technology and the College of Central Sciences.
2) In January-September, a major model related to \triangleright research assistant, Paik Qing-Ri, became the preferred model in the country.
The winning number and amount of the project are in the forefront of the industry; with data from the Chinese Government's procurement network, China's bid platform, the public service platform, etc., the science majors became the most market-based player in the major model in the first half of the year, and in August, the winning figure was over 150 million and the industry ranked first.
In September 2024, the number of winning projects in the company was a huge leader in the industry, forming a clear first-tier team. The harvest kept up, with the starfire 4.0 vs. gpt4turbo--
3) The ecology of the “Stoking Star Fire” industry has been further strengthened.
A rapid increase in the number of new developers, 177,000, and companies and more than 415,000 corporate clients are creating new applications with a view to accelerating the pace of industry's empowerment. “Startfire” applications have been downloaded at the end of Andre in more than 1.9.
\triangleright \triangleright
At the point where the commercialization of the company ' s ai is taking place, optimistic about the future of the company, it is expected that 2024-5. The company will comment on the large model, the methodological and analytical logic, draw conclusions, present the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.