Performance is bright and the blueprint for a sustained deepening of the architecture odm Performance bright 07/05/2020, with sufficient and increased share of orders providing the main driving force:
The company released its report for the first quarter of 2020, which generated $6,950 million in revenue, compared to +44.60 per cent, and net profit on maternity, which was 883 million yuan, at a previously forecasted ceiling of 879 million yuan - 884 million yuan. Supermarkets are expected to improve significantly from the same period last year - 97 million yuan. Net profit on non-repatriation is $715 million, compared to -256 million in the same period last year.
The benefits of the company’s rising market share in consumer electronics and automobile electronics are clear, with sufficient orders and vertical integration. Billions of dollars, +287.56% more than the previous year, are at an all-time high, with non-repatriation net profits of $2,012 million, or +602.51%. The company’s core product was sold twice a year in 2019, including waterfall 3d glass, sand-skinned integrated glass cover, phantom.
Impact glass backheads are used by world-renowned brand clients. High-quality growth in smartphones, smart-wearing devices, tablets, laptops, etc., compared to a large number of high-end new energy vehicles, including Tesla, the unit is moving at 300 depths.
Car manufacturers and international high-end traditional car manufacturers are working together to deepen the overall layout of the “Plus + Medium + + Post-Customer” blueprint for a deep-looking structure odm. Large-scale effects, production management and customer resources are at the core of industry competition, and companies have achieved the process from the base materials to the middle.
At the end of the second segment, the full and deep layout of the client base is now in the forefront of the industry. At the base, the company has fully covered the glass to the surface of the new material, sapphire, ceramics, and the technology industry is leading. At the end of the medium-stage process, extensive layout patents, autonomous development of core equipment.
To 1,234 items. The company ' s specialized equipment is developed autonomously, and most of the work kits, modules and accessories used for production are made self-made, perfect for the company ' s production lines and technical characteristics, and indicators such as performance, efficiency, automation, energy consumption, etc. of critical equipment are better than market-standard equipment.
Product performance and technological advantages, companies continue to capture market shares and successfully cut into the supply chain of well-known consumer electronics and automobiles, both domestically and internationally, including the top five smartphone brands of Apples, Samsung, Huamong, Oppo, Vivo, Mi, etc., car electronics such as Tesla, the global new energy vehicle pilot, and other consumer electronics such as lg, Asia, etc.
• Auto-intelligentization has accelerated, companies are well-placed, global motorization + intelligence trends are evident, and the demand for auto-electronics has erupted.
The company’s deep layout, 2018 company launch report: Crossing the valley to meet new opportunities.
Mobilize the construction of the Ramsey Production Base, which is designed for automobile manufacturers to provide merciless screens, appetizers and other components. Thanks to long-standing technological strength and good slogans in the consumer electronics industry, the company has developed a review with a number of well-known auto branding manufacturers.
Long-term and stable strategic partnerships have been established, including with high-end new energy car manufacturers such as Tesla. At present, companies have come up against expectations, and new production has accelerated performance release, becoming a core-level supplier in the global new energy automobile branding supply chain, with stable, long-term, large suppliers.
In the 5g era, given signal interference and wireless charging, non-metal materials such as glass, ceramics, etc. will gradually come up with significant opportunities.
Aluminum alloys are used to replace the metal shell material. On the smart phone end, the iphone front and back covers are glass, and the mainstream backboard of the André flagship model has been upgraded from 2.5d to 3d, and the next 3d is expected to penetrate the front. Some high-end machines, such as p30pro, have been used with more complex waterfall screens. The waterfall side is bent close to 90 degrees, extending the touch screen.
On the side of the cell phone, it replaced the middle frame of the metal and the functional buttons. In addition, the porcelain and glass were the main ingredients of the Applewatch material.
..a large-scale effort to increase production capacity, the company intends to release no more than 1.3 billion shares, no more than 30 per cent of the equity of the head office prior to this non-public release, and raise no more than $15 billion to invest in the smart wearing and touch control of the Long Sand Park after deducting the cost of distribution.
The panel construction project, the long sand park vehicle glass and large-scale functional panel construction project, the long sand park 3d touch control panel and production support facility construction project, the industrial Internet industry application project, and the replenishment of capital flows will effectively guarantee the productive capacity of the company after delivery.
45.69, $5.50 billion to select Apple Industry Chain Dragons as a comparable company, 32 times the company 's 2020 pe and 21 times Lance, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Risks of the epidemic 's increasing, trade friction between China and the United States, technology changes among large clients, downgraded consumption,
The full-scale layout of the "Plus + Medium + + Post-Purpose Clients" blueprint year, which began with autonomous research and development of window-protected glass, was expanded to include key building blocks such as sapphire, ceramics, etc.
By means of autonomous research and development and multi-year technology deposition, the Department has mastered advanced production processes in the industry, and the technology is in the forefront of the industry.
In-depth layout, companies continue to enhance their competitiveness. Basic material ends, ranging from glass protection to new materials for appearances, sapphire, ceramics are fully covered, and the technical industry is leading. 1) Glass: the company has focused on the autonomous development of glass protection for more than 17 years and has been successfully developed through the improvement of window protection glass.
From 2d to 2.5d to 3d to 3.5d, the company continues to lead industry upgrades. Corporate products are now widely used in multi-end areas such as smartphones, tablets, notebooks, cars, etc.) Sapphire: the company already has the sapphire shield product design.
The company's products have been widely used for camera protection mirrors, fingerprint recognition protection mirrors, and smart enough to wear equipment shields. 3) Ceramics: the company's compact ceramics are used for fine ceramics.
In 2011, the company invested $500 million in the co-generation of ceramic panels, and through years of research and process improvements, the company has been able to upgrade from traditional manual production to fully automated production and to upgrade the quality of the products through different processes and techniques, which are expected to be widely used in the back of a mobile phone, side buttons, camera loops, key presses, watch sheets.
On parts such as shells and coils, cars, etc., it has become a core supplier of ceramic intermediate frames, back caps and back caps that can wear equipment, such as the milliix, the five-stardly version of milligrams, etc. At the end of the medium-stage process, there is extensive patenting, autonomous development of core equipment. 1) The company is continuously investing in technology development and R & D fees.
The number of company patents has grown rapidly, from 230 in 2015 to 1404 by the end of the second quarter of 2019. 2) Specialized equipment has been developed autonomously, with most of the work-assemblies, molds, and accessories used for their production. The company has developed a dozen cores of robots, including hot bends, sculptors, patches, four axes, six axes, etc.
With equipment, perfect routing of the company ' s production line and technological characteristics, performance, efficiency and automation of critical equipment, energy consumption, etc., are better than market-standardized equipment, and companies rely on specialized equipment developed on their own initiative to boost production sales and good rates. Figure 5: Companies actively contribute to the construction of smart manufacturing systems
With excellent product performance and technology, companies continue to take up a market share and successfully cut into the supply chain of internationally and internationally renowned consumer electronics and automobiles, including the top five smartphones in the world, apples, Samsung, Huayun, oppo, vivo, millet, and other cars like Tesla.
Clients, as well as other consumer e-clients, such as lig, Amazon, Microsoft, etc., are highly resource-efficient. As a result of their production, manufacturing costs have been further reduced and customer sticky has increased, not only consolidating the company’s leadership within the industry, but also increasing the bargaining power of the latter.
Figure 6: Quality of corporate customer resources, 2 Auto-Intelligent, accelerated growth, and the company's deep layout
The global trend towards electricization + intelligence in the automobile industry is evident, with the demand for electronic car products erupting. With the rapid penetration of adas in the automobile industry, the level of car electron has increased. At the same time, the spread of new energy vehicles has driven cars towards electrodynamicity, with increased demand for electronization.
In recent years, the domestic production of new energy vehicles has grown rapidly, reaching 1.242 million vehicles in 2019, raising the gas significantly, and as cars become more electronic, the vehicle display screens will move fast in the direction of large screens and multiple screens. As the technology of the 5g merchants lands, the future of the vehicle screens will be saturated and multiscreened, leading to a more comfortable driving experience. 1)
High Quality Screen: The future size of the vehicle screen will grow to over 10 inches, with a resolution of 1080p and achieve high Quality Display; 2) Multiscreening: Cars show the entrance to an interactive human plane, and the number of single-car screens will be significantly increased, driven by the electricization and intellectualization of cars, except for dashboards and control displays, head-up monitors, rear-view mirrors, back-seat control
The screen space, such as screens, will also be expanded. Figure 11: New-energy vehicle controls show screens, company depth layouts, are already a core customer supplier. The company is active, building on its deep accumulation in the consumer electronics industry.
In 2018, the company started construction of the Lancet Production Base, which provides a medium screen, appetizers, and other components for automobile manufacturers. With long-standing technological strength and good reputations in the consumer electronics industry, the company has established a long-term and stable strategic partnership with a number of well-known automobile branding manufacturers.
Global high-end new-energy car manufacturers, such as Blatesla. At present, the company has become the core-level supplier of the global new-energy vehicle branding chain, with the ability to provide a stable, long-term, large-scale supply of complete components of vehicle-borne electronic equipment, a look-out structure, and a complete component.
Tesla is an absolute leader in the world’s new energy automobiles, and is expected to drive a high-speed increase in the number of car electronics that benefit companies. In 2008, Tesla was listed as the first pure electric roadster, in 2013 as a motors model, in 2018 as a model3 model, and now Tesla has published four model series models, and a cybertrack model.
In 2020, Tesla announced that q1 had produced nearly 103,000 vehicles and delivered nearly 884 thousand vehicles, a historic high of q1. The three dragons enjoyed a 5g trend towards metalification.
3.1 The process continues to be upgraded, the industry is approaching new opportunities + new challenges 5g, taking into account signal interference and wireless charging, and non-metal materials such as glass, ceramics, etc., present significant opportunities, which will gradually replace metal casing materials represented by aluminium alloys. 5g, new technologies such as wireless charging, suggest for signal transmission quality
Traditional metal casings have the disadvantage of electrical shielding, which can interfere with antenna signal transmission, and do not improve wireless charge efficiency. Glass, ceramics, as non-metal materials, not only solves the problem of metal shielding, but also provides a better alternative to metal shell material in terms of hardness, grindability, injury and evaporation, making it a popular choice for smartphone casings.
The glass manufacturing process is more mature and easy to produce on a large scale and less costly than ceramics, and is therefore first taken by mobile phone manufacturers. In the case of apple phones, the first generation of iphone's casings uses the solution of aluminium alloy + plastic (bottom) from iphone 4 to a combination of two-faced glass materials, with 2.5d curled glass + metal frames generally chosen after iphone 8.
Smart terminals are on a trend to use 3d and 3.5d panel glass more frequently in the future. They are the latest generation display techniques with low-power, light, flexible features that are better suited for use in smart terminals than tft-lcd display screens that, in addition to smartphones, include areas such as smart wear equipment, auto control, portable dashboards. 2.5d glass
3d and 3.5d glass are designed in arc on the edges of a flat glass. Compared to 2.5d glass, 3d and 3.5d glass require heat bending, resulting in additional equipment and molding, lower technical difficulties, and lower rates. However, 3d and 3.5d glass panels are better matched to the oed screen, and can be fitted to the oed screen.
3d gradually became the mainstream headline of Andre, and continues to be upgraded. At present, the back of the flag ship in Andre's mobile phone, Samsung, Huaieng, Oppo, Vivo, almost all use 3d glass, while the front cover glass uses 3d glass.
A more complex waterfall screen is used. The side of the waterfall is bent close to 90 degrees, extending the touch screen to the side of the cell phone, thereby replacing the middle frame of the metal and the functional buttons. A glass/mechanical integration allows the middle frame of the metal to disappear, helping to minimize transmission interference with the metal 5g signal. In addition, porcelain and waltch material from all generations is also dominated by ceramics and glass.
In the era of de-metalization, the technical difficulties of glass and ceramic processes are increasing as products are upgraded, and companies are gaining significant opportunities.
Currently, major manufacturers are actively engaged in the development of 3d, 3.5d glass, which is expected to be adopted on a large scale with an improved future, with a domestic market penetration rate of 14.4 per cent for 3d mobile glass in 2017 and 62.8 per cent in 2023.
The greatest difference between 2d and 2.5d glass is the increase in the thermal process, which is the process of heating the glass to a temperature softened and forming it into a 3d-faced glass by setting fire down. During the thermal process, precise control of temperature and accuracy is required, or the different locations of the glass are staggered by dissipation of heat.
The addition of engineered processes, which require subsequent processes such as polishing, chemical steelization, silk prints and coating to be performed on curved glass, has significantly increased the difficulty of processing 3d glass, and is expected to benefit lead producers with research and development capabilities and technological accumulation.
The company was established in 2003 and formally established a long-term partnership in 2015 through the Apple Supply Certification in the Enterprise Board year. At the start of the market, the company followed Apple’s rapid growth.
47.94 per cent and 56.61 per cent. As the global smartphone market has become more competitive, post-market companies have been active in expanding domestic smartphone manufacturers to cut into the supply chain of well-known domestic brands such as Hua, Mi, oppo, and vivo., in addition, companies have been able to grow their research and development investment in basic materials and expand product lines other than glass.
In 2019, the company collected $30,315 million, an increase of 9 per cent in comparison with the previous year, resulting in a net return to the mother of $2,605 million, an increase of 309 per cent. In 2020 q1, the company achieved a net return to the mother of $879-884 million.
Companies will continue to account for the vast majority of the market. After 17 years of operation and layout, corporate customers cover a large number of well-known consumer electronics producers both inside and outside the country.
At the same time, the sophisticated, sophisticated and highly customized production of glass covers, some of which require specialized equipment with high technical barriers. Moreover, the certification of suppliers by high-end branders is extremely rigorous, and will be long-term in partnership once certified.
Deep cooperation, and the products produced by companies, will maintain a competitive advantage of the product. $5,501 million, selecting the apple industry’s chain leaders as well-established, dotted and Gore shares as comparable companies, 32 times more than the 2020 pe and 21 times the blues, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The company’s financial statement forecasts are aggregated, and the electronics industry has been headed by a former director in Eastern Securities Co. Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., and has been awarded the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.