Waldensecurities International-a study, 17 January 2023
The industrial poles are growing rapidly, new energy operations are helping to sail in the future — the investment value analysis report for the Sinkian technology (300124.sz) — and downstream demand is expected to recover, and industrial controls will be automated into a new industry cycle.
The domestic production window and downstream diversification will enhance the countercyclicality of the industrial sector, accompanied by a return to economic stability in the country.
Looking forward to a new cycle. The advantages of a country's rapid response, costs, services, etc., and the closing of the gap with foreign brands in terms of product performance, skill levels, etc., as well as the ability to maintain them.
The industry will gradually move into an accelerated import substitution phase. With the surge in demand for national production replacements, the industrial poles are expected to lead in the development of the intelligent manufacturing industry.
As products continue to be refined and enriched, and in the downstream areas where companies are now plowing, the applications of industrial robots are gradually moving from the 3c, lithium, photovoltaic, etc., to applications such as auto assembly, metal processing, etc. The Māori rate has remained stable at around 40%, and we expect that with the surge in demand for national production replacements, the company's smart manufacturing plate will be used.
In the first half of 2022, the share of the company's new energy-borne motor control product in the Chinese market was 9.3%.
Third-party suppliers ranked first: the share of new energy in the Chinese market was 5.4 per cent, and the share of new energy in the Chinese market was 4.9 per cent.
Pe(ttm) has achieved rapid income growth through deep-seated cooperation, while power control, power sources, tri-power aggregates, etc. have started to rise in terms of product dimensions. Looking ahead, companies are producing as traditional industrial power generators, transformers, etc.
Relying on the accumulation of technology in R & D, production, the industry has been actively involved in the supply of new-energy motor power-related products, which has been accompanied by a further increase in the penetration rate of new-energy vehicles worldwide, the company's new-energy-car operations, and the company's profit forecasting and valuation.
The three-year net return of profits will maintain a composite growth rate of 55.17 per cent. Under the absolute valuation model, the corresponding value is 77.96 dollars/shares per share. Under the relative valuation model: taking into account the competitive advantage of the company and the future growth space, the risk of declining profitability of the energy automobile business; and the management risks associated with the expansion of the company ' s size.
1. Industrial control operations continue to grow and new sources of energy or will enter the harvest period.
Automated, digital, intelligent, focused on core technology such as the “information layer, control layer, drive layer, enforcement layer, sensor layer”, focused on research and development, production and marketing of industrial automation-controlled products, and positioned itself to serve high-end equipment manufacturers.
The camp model, a sustained commitment to advance industrial civilization with leading technology and to quickly provide customers with more intelligent, sophisticated and cutting-edge integrated products and solutions, is a leading player and listed enterprise in the field of domestic industrial automation control. The company was established at an early stage, focusing on the production of transformers and programme design; after many years of development, it expanded its operations.
The company insists on its vision of “promoting industrial civilization, making a good life for all” and is determined to keep up with the high carbon, digitized, ai and other high-impact competitions, so as to ensure continued investment and build up a thick and thin hair. The company has now developed a general automation, elevator electrical support, a new energy vehicle, a new energy vehicle, and a new one.
Industrial robotics and orbital transport have five business plates. Companies dig deep into the high-value competitiveness of mature operations (frequency changers, servers, elevator parts) to anchor steady and sustained profit and cash flows, make solid holds, while maintaining high-intensity inputs in new energy vehicles, industrial software, industrial chain ecology, and sustain the momentum of the company.
General automation: Automated control and adjustment devices are widely used in industrial production to replace the trend of manual manoeuvring machines and machine systems in processing production, to increase industrial efficiency and to create value for customers. These include core components such as frequency transformers, servosystems, control systems, industrial visual systems, sensors, high-performance power plants, high-precision threads, industrial Internet, etc.
Elevator Power Major: Based on the breakdown of industry clients, provides a specialist control and driver system for strategic clients to meet the integration, intelligence and differentiation needs of industry clients.
Door systems, control cabinets, cable beams, wellway electrical, elevator network, etc. New energy vehicles: including electrical controllers, high-performance motors, dc/dc power sources, obc power sources, pentaple controllers, power-driven totals, power-generation totals, etc. Second-generation power-generation solutions that achieve the functions of electrical controllers, generators and decelerating boxes.
Integration, with a large number of validated technologies, guarantees the reliability and stability of products; high pressure interlocking and active short circuits, etc., provide safety for driving; systems are efficient and guarantee excellence in energy efficiency requirements; and products are flexible and can be constructed on a vehicle-based basis depending on the need of a customer.
Industrial robots: stay close to the scene, understand the complex processes in depth, make them easier to use, more efficient to produce. They are connected to the control, driver, execution, sensor, etc. provided by the swath technology, building an information-based + automated smart-making ecosystem through the mes, industrial Internet. These include robotic exclusive control systems, server systems, visual systems, high-precision wires.
Orbital traffic: the current trend of “green orbital orthopaedic orthopaedic orthopaedic” is driven by technological innovation, the development of an international leading orbital orbital orthopaedic system, which has become a routine accelerator through increased research and development inputs in recent years.
Technical programmes, such as high-efficiency magneto-resistance tractors, carbon silicon plus ion-magnetic direct towed technology, and related product packages, are among the few suppliers of towed systems in the country that possess the above-mentioned technical programmes and products. These include subways, light tracks, trams, towed transformers, auxiliary transformers, high voltage tanks, tractors and tcms.
Table II: The division of the company's operations and the main areas of application of the related products The owner of the company, the person actually in control, is Chu Heung Minh, who holds 5.91 per cent of the total direct or indirect shares, 36.57 per cent of the total core management shares, and 21.63 per cent of the Hong Kong Central Clearing Company (HKC) shares in Sinkuan technology.
The company’s founding teams are senior technologists, sales and managers in the electrical and electronics industry, with extensive experience in electrical and electronics. Most of the members of the company’s founding and management teams have Chinese and Emersonian experience, internationalized visions, and indigenous workers.
In the early days of its creation, the company introduced a Chinese matrix management structure and an ipd development process, which established a perfect industrial development system and talent training, and a multi-wheeled incentive to bind core management and business cadres to help accelerate business growth. Management has a strong stake.
In spirit, the cumulative six-phased equity incentive coverage since listing, the firm ' s core team was strong, with a per capita income generation of 11 persons from the 10-year contribution prize of 89.48 in 2020, out of which the total number of company sales + technology + logistics in 2021 was 490, or 39.62 per cent. In July 2022, the company awarded the sixth-phase equity incentive scheme, divided into category I restricted shares and category II restricted shares.
Billings and stock options: The plan proposes to award the first class of restricted equities to nine incentive recipients, representing approximately 1.22 million shares, to a large number of announced company equity incentive schemes, tied to core middle- and senior-level interests, which will contribute to long-term corporate business development with the first category of restricted stock awards registered in September 2022 and other incentive projects to be phased out.
Table IV: Overview of corporate equity incentives 2. Secured delivery highlights strengths, high multi-business performance
In the first half of 2022, companies drove overall performance growth through such advantages as “safe delivery, national branding, multi-product integrated solutions.” Faced with multiple outbreaks of domestic epidemics and lack of core, firms responded quickly, securing sustainable production and delivery of the supply chain beyond their peers’ supply capacity through a combination of robust guaranteed delivery measures.
More market opportunities have been created; as a leading brand in China's industrial and regulatory industries, companies have benefited from the brand dividend of industrial and regulatory leading firms, which has become the preferred option for more and more domestic customers seeking national alternatives; and, as a result of the increased competitiveness of products such as plc, the advantages of multi-product solutions have been further enhanced.
In the area of disaggregation and headlines, the share of clients has been raised as a result of the process of automation of manufacturing upgrading. Corporate operating income increased from $5,871 million in 2018 to $17,943 million in 2021 and to 32.22 per cent in four years; In the first half of 2022, it was affected by recurrent outbreaks and economic downsides, weak growth in the industrial automation sector, and elevators.
In response to a complex and volatile external environment, companies have been proactive in looking at market opportunities, adapting their business strategies appropriately, and increasing the management of cost reduction, with good overall business results. Billion dollars, an increase of 21.67% over the same period, and net return to mothers, a gain of 3,085 million yuan, an increase of 26.36% over the same period.
Corporate captures structural market opportunities and overall development cyclical leaps across. In the first half of 2022, corporate new energy and vehicle operations provided a good space for development. In addition, general automation plates contributed to steady performance growth, with incomes remaining at more than 50%; while industrial automation as a whole grew weakly, lithium, photovoltaic, wind, semiconductor, food beverages.
By the third quarter of 2022, the combined Māori rate was 35.97%. At the beginning of 2022, the company proposed a new strategy for “cross-step internationalization” and its overseas operations.
Teams have moved to Europe, Russia, the Middle East, etc., to push corporate-developed industry solutions overseas, and some industries have made breakthroughs for key transnational clients. With the implementation of a new internationalization strategy, the company’s future Māori ratio is expected to be more cost-controlled and overall cost-effective.
In 2021, the sales cost was 5.85 per cent, the management cost 4.83 per cent and the financial cost 0.77 per cent. The higher financial cost was mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations, higher exchange rate losses and higher interest expenditure as a result of increased bank borrowing.
“Technology research, platform product development, custom-made product development” continues to improve the competitiveness of international markets. Through technology research and research, follow-up of international leading technologies, completion of key technology shortboards, and forward-looking research on key devices; and through platform product development, building up of high-performance, high-reliability, low-cost, standardized platform products to provide client profiles
Co-product solutions; innovative custom solutions for industry clients through custom-made product development. From the time they are listed, the company’s R & D costs have remained above 10%. Through a sustained high proportion of R & D inputs, the core technology levels of power and drive control, industrial control software, new energy motor power transfer, digitization, industrial robotics, etc. have been further upgraded.
Consolidating the leading position in this area. Figure IX: Number and percentage of R & D in companies in previous years. Figure X: R & D expenditure and R & D cost rates in companies in previous years.
1. Industrial automation is expected to continue at a fast pace, and the digitalization of intelligence creates a second-growth curve for companies. With ageing trends and the catalyzing of the epidemic, China ' s labour participation rate (over 15 years of age) has continued to decline in recent years.
The increase in the cost of jobs and the increase in automation rates is a necessary trend. The current growth in medium- and long-term credit in macro-prospecting indicators has been high for several months. In terms of medium- and long-term lending data, the growth rate of four long-term new renminbi loans in business units has generally been positive for the general automation sector for about six months.
The general automation industry has entered a new cycle. Industrial robots at the meso-level have returned to the positive growth zone; micro-levels, orders from listed companies have been in the repair phase since July, with a one-month acceleration. Figure XII on general automation: past-year demographics as a proportion of the population
Industrial automation, one of the most important core technologies and industries in modern manufacturing since the twentieth century, is a technology-intensive, highly input-intensive and cost-effective industry with typical high-value-added industries. The application of industrial automation can make the production and manufacturing processes of plants more automated, efficient, accurate, and controlled and visible, leading to increased production,
Industrial Automated Control System devices are the core components of automated equipment and are divided into four levels of control, driver, execution and sensor, and ultimately result in system-type products through system integration.
Production of parameters such as temperature, pressure, flow, location of objects, tilt, rotation, etc. of the manufacturing process; drivers and execution of products such as end equipment, such as server systems, frequency transformers, servers, etc., are driven by specific instructions from the control end; sensor products are primarily responsible for induction, measurement, feedback and transmission of internal and external information
Relevant signals, such as visual cameras, sensors, encoders, etc.; system-type products are integrated into some or all of the above-mentioned products, resulting in overall automated solutions, such as industrial robotics, electromechanical modules, machine beds, digital plants, etc. In the first half of 2022, the overall market size of industrial automation amounted to $157.4 billion, corresponding to the same amount.
2.9%; of these, the project-type market was better than the zero-em market, with a 5.5% increase in the same year. From a product point of view, the low-pressure transformer market was about $16.1 billion, an increase of 2.5% in the same year; the universal-serving market was about $12.3 billion, an increase equal to the same increase; and the market size of the country ' s transformer market as a whole was steadily growing.
The size of the market reached 58.5 billion yuan in 2021, an increase of 8.13 per cent in comparison with the previous period, and 8.53 per cent in 2012-2021, of which the low voltage transformer was relatively large and stable at over 70 per cent; with the growth of efficient energy-efficient market demand and the growth of high-voltage transformers, driven by State incentives, the size of high-voltage transformers has been growing year by year.
During the rest of the year, it was still in the growth stage, and the advantages of the servo systems in terms of accuracy, rectangular frequency, overload, etc., had a wider range of applications than those of the step-in systems, which had been widely used in the areas of machine tools, textile machinery, printing machines and packaging machinery, while the rapid expansion of the industrial robotics, electronic manufacturing equipment and so on in recent years had led to the emergence of servo machines.
Industry applications have grown rapidly, and the overall market has had more room for growth. In 2021, China’s server market was 16.9 billion yuan, and in 2012-2021, a composite growth rate of 12.40%. Of this, the exchange server market was 65%, and the direct stream was 35%.
The size of the national market is 15,848 million yuan; the data show that our market share in 2021 was roughly 50 per cent for the large and small sectors of the country.
According to mirdatabank data, the size of the automated market for oems in 2021 amounted to $12.2 billion, an increase of 28% from the previous year, with strong growth momentum, which has played an important role in driving the overall market development for automation. The industrial robots, batteries, packaging, semiconductors in the automated market for oems performed the best, with an increase of over 40% from the same time. The project-based automated market in 2021 was 1721.
Millions of yuan, a 10 per cent increase over the same period, show positive overall performance, with only negative growth in the automobile and municipal and public facilities sectors, and faster growth in the metallurgical, chemical and petrochemical industries.
In the area of general automation, most of the domestic market share is still held by foreign producers, but the share of national product plates is rising year by year. In the long run, the demographic dividend has disappeared, and the manufacturing transition has escalated.
In the short term, both the national production window and downstream diversification will enhance the countercyclical nature of the industry, with a steady recovery in the domestic economy and a sustained release of policy dividends, downstream manufacturing investment confidence is expected to warm up, and industrial automation markets are expected to usher in a new climate cycle.
In the first half of 2022, due to the epidemic and the weakening of the economy, the demand for industrial automation markets grew.
The Ministry actively identifies structural market opportunities and achieves faster growth in sales earnings and profits through such advantages as “timely delivery, national branding, multi-product combination solutions.” In terms of market expansion, four sbu orders in the corporate energy, process industry, advanced, generic regions have grown faster, with energy sbu growing by more than 60%.
20, with rapid growth in orders in the sectors of silicone crystals, wind power, vehicle equipment, vehicle air conditioning, air conditioning, semiconductors, mobile phones, tp, colouring, chemical, engineering machinery, test stations, etc. H1 in 2022, general automation generated sales revenue of $5.638 billion, an increase of 26 per cent; of these, general changes
In the first half of 2022, the universal servo product was based on silicon crystals, semiconductors, automobile equipment, and the same product.
Growth in mobile phones, tp, etc., increased to 21.6% market share and continued to lead the Chinese market (21.6% for the first four manufacturers, 10.1% for Siemens, 8.7% for Matsuko and 7.7% for Angawa); and the share of low-pressure transformer products (including elevator-specific transformers) in the Chinese market, about 14.8% for the first three (first and second-ranked manufacturers and city-based).
The rates are as follows: abb, 15.7 per cent; Siemens, 15.7 per cent; GTOs, which are growing faster than industry, and market share, which rises further; corporate plc, which grew more than 100 per cent in the first half of the year, with a market share of 10.7 per cent for small plc, which ranks second in the Chinese market (39 per cent for the first and third producers and 10.1 per cent for Mitsubishi, respectively).
The company, as a home-grown enterprise, is a growing business, mainly using technology marketing and industry marketing strategies to provide industry clients with integrated solutions for “work control plus process” in competition with foreign brands.
In the broader context of machine-changers and factory automation/intellectualization, there is still much room for growth in products such as company adaptors, server systems, and plc. Companies are expected to continue to increase their share in downstream industries on the basis of the advantages of having customized solutions, high value for money, and responsiveness to customers’ needs, as compared to some of the foreign brands of the industry.
Industrial robots, as one of the emerging industries in the national strategy, are important players in the country's evolution from a major manufacturing power to a major manufacturing power. Industrial robots are designed to increase manufacturing efficiency, improve product quality, reduce manufacturing costs, and accelerate manufacturing.
As a result, industrial robots are highly valued at the national level, and a number of policies have been put in place in recent years to encourage industrial robotics. At the same time, the demand for industrial machines is increasing as automation technology advances and innovation in industrial robotics.
Low levels of domestic production and autonomy in the end-of-pipe equipment industry are key constraints on advanced manufacturing development. In a new development scenario with two cycles, high-end equipment autonomy is a trend towards industrial development, with high-end equipment, such as industrial robots, facing strategic opportunities.
The 2021 China Robotic Industry Development Report, published at the 2021 World Robotic Congress, shows that in 2021, our robotics market is expected to be 83.9 billion yuan, of which industrial robots are estimated to be 44.570 billion yuan, and are expected to break through 58.9 billion yuan by 2023. Over the last decade, the industrial robot industry has grown rapidly with the widespread use of robots in manufacturing.
In 2021, we produced 366,000 industrial robots, 10 times more than in 2015, and the market was the first place in the world: 248,000 sold, 46.1 per cent more than in the same year, and industrial robots were widely used in various industrial fields, including electronics, logistics, chemicals, etc., with significant improvements in productivity, safety, and intelligence. In the future, the industrial robot industry is in the future.
A new round of industrial opportunities will give rise to world-class firms, a narrowing of the technological gap between home and abroad, and a more complete system of research and development, with key parts and components breaking through, and a more concentrated market share. As robotic design continues to innovate and new materials are used, industrial robots will become smarter and softer in the future, i.e. they will be optimized from traditional robots to co-consolidated robots.
Figure XVIII: The industrial robotic plates of China ' s industrial robotics sales and global sales ratio are part of the industrial robotic industry, which mainly provides downstream industry clients with complete machine and spare parts solutions such as scara robots, six-band robots, visual systems, high-precision threads, control systems, etc.
In addition to the deceleration machine, the core parts of the system, the server system, the string, and the body are self-made, with better cost control and customization capabilities. The company's industrial robotics are deeply integrated into automated operations, based on a profound understanding of the process and the competitive advantages of the “core parts plus whole” solution.
By 2022, H1 had delivered more than 9,000 industrial robotics, which increased rapidly, raising sales revenue to $266 million, a 39% increase. In product development, the company’s sequenced layout carried a large six-band robotic product, 220 kg.
Loading of six joint robotics is progressing well; building on the lead of six joints, scara robots, upgrading the technology platform, and upgrading the main machine over time. In internal operations: launching the Nanjing plant project to match the demand for capacity generated by the rapid growth of operations; continuously improving the efficiency of operations through material alignment, upgrading of production patterns, optimization of supplier platforms
The success of Segawa technology in the field of industrial robotics has largely benefited from the following factors: it can provide other core components besides the decryption gear, and most of the industrial machinery companies buy these core components out, which has become a very important competitive feature of the technology: it is very familiar with the applications of industrial robots and provides essentially industrial machines.
Solution of the machine-to-process: Robotic applications are complex and require process programming, output resolution solutions, and the Hitchuan technology is combined with the industrial automation business module to provide quick solutions. Although the Hitchuan technology robotics business has been operating for a relatively short period of time, it is in a fast-growing business block, with the strategic objective being, no.
Industrial robots want to be the first in the Chinese market. In the first half of 2022, the share of corporate industrial machines in the Chinese market was 5.7%, ranking sixth; the share of scara robots in the Chinese market was 17.5%, followed by Eston, and ranked first in the domestic brand.
In recent performance statements, companies have indicated that general automation-related industries are now showing signs of recovery from the company’s own perspective, and that orders for general automation operations are growing at a higher rate, including pan 3c, photovoltaics, wind power, automobiles, air-conditioning refrigeration, semiconductor tables.
Now that there are signs of recovery from air pressure, plastics, and machine-beds, the overall business situation is backfired. The general automation industry continues to improve and enrich, and the application of industrial robotic products from the 3c, lithium, photovoltage, etc., is gradually extended to applications such as auto assembly, metal processing, etc.
The demand for alternatives to production has surged, and corporate income from smart manufacturing plates will increase further to ensure continued growth of the company. Thirdly, the high profitability of the new energy business will come to a point where it is expected to become an important support for the development of the company, including non-ferrous metals and chemical raw materials, parts and components, whole-car manufacturing and services.
In the first half of the year, the new energy automobile industry, which was affected by a lack of cores and the epidemic, continued to grow rapidly, thanks to increased consumer willingness to buy “electrically and intelligently” cars. According to the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, in the first half of 2022, the new energy car stock was 2.61 million and 2.6 million, respectively, an average increase of 1.2 times.
With a penetration rate of 21.6 per cent, the power and control engine, as a new energy vehicle, is “three types of power” bis, accounting for about 21 per cent of the cost of the new energy vehicle, which is a late start in the development of the power and battery industry, compared to the rapid growth and high interest in the power and battery industry, which is relatively “low-key” in the country.
In 2019, as a result of a sharp fall in subsidized car sales, there was a marked decline in new car sales, and all of the power-driven motor loads were reduced. In 2021, China’s new energy-driven car sales increased in an explosive fashion, and demand in the power-driven motor industry expanded significantly. In 2021, China’s new energy-driven automobile-driven power supply increased.
The number of installed machines amounted to 34,415,000, an increase of 142 per cent over the same year. If the average cost of each unit was 2,500 dollars, the size of the market in 2021 was $8,540 million, and the industry rules that the company's new energy-driven car-powering system is in the new energy-car industry, with the company providing the main source of new energy by car in the future, with the rapid development of new energy vehicles and an increase in the penetration rate of dual-powered vehicles.
Product solutions and services such as power-driven systems and power supply systems. Products include: power-driven systems (electrics, electrical controllers, power-drilled totals) and power-powered systems (dc/dc, obc, power supply totals), providing low-cost, high-quality integrated product solutions and services for new energy vehicles, new energy commercial vehicles (including new energy passenger vehicles and new energy logistics vehicles).
After six years of strategic investment, companies have built well-developed technological and product platforms in the area of new energy vehicles, and have obtained recognition for the certification of a car system at the national and foreign levels. Companies, as home-grown firms, are in line with foreign brands.
By contrast, it has the advantage of responding quickly to customer customization needs, good delivery, and so forth. Products such as strategic customers’ targeting and sop discharges, corporate power-controls, power-drivers, etc., have developed a large number of applications with some branding influence.
In the first half of the year, the company coordinated internal and external resources to better meet the client’s delivery needs during the first half of the year; the first phase of the Changzhou factory was put into use; and the second phase of the construction was launched to create new energy sources.
The rapid development of the vehicle business provides a guarantee of productive capacity: by 2022 h1, the company ' s overall new energy vehicle business had achieved sales revenue of $2.09 billion, an increase of approximately 121 per cent over the same period; in the area of new energy vehicles: sales and spotting, sales revenue has increased rapidly as a result of spot-based vehicle sales;
The number of targeted projects exceeds 20, and targets such as new forces, domestic traditional automobile companies, overseas car companies, etc. Client groups are involved, especially in traditional category A car companies in the country, where the number of firm fixed points rises faster. Moreover, in terms of targeted products, including electrical controls, aggregates, power sources, power generators, etc., the total number of power points rises faster.
Sales structures have been optimized and domestic traditional car orders have grown rapidly, changing the unique situation of the new power. New sources of commercial vehicles are: platform products for new energy microsurfaces, light-cards, etc., where market diffusion has shown significant results and orders have grown faster; new energy heavy-card solutions have been delivered in bulk and delivered in excess of expectations; and new generation N1 markets have been powered in aggregate.
Solutions have been secured at domestic and foreign mainframe plants and have been delivered in advance of mass delivery; power control and total product market positions for new-energy commercial vehicles have continued to be ahead of schedule, and commercial vehicles have increased their profitability. By the end of 2021, companies had accumulated more than 1 million electrical controllers, with a total of more than 100,000 electric power-driven sales.
In the first half of 2022, the share of the company ' s new power-borne motor control products in the Chinese market was 9.3 per cent, ranked third (the first two were Biadi and Tesla), the market share was raised, and the share of the company ' s electric-controlled product was ranked first among third-party suppliers: the company ' s share of new energy-borne power-drivers in the Chinese market was:
5.4%, fifth in rank; the share of the company ' s new power-borne motor products in China ' s market is 4.9%. Companies have achieved rapid growth in revenue through intensive cooperation with the new forces, while, in terms of product dimensions, power controls, power sources, combined power aggregates, etc. have started to rise. Looking ahead, companies, as traditional industrial generators, transformers, etc., rely on R & D, R & D, R & D, R & D, etc.
Accumulation of technology in production and active transformation into the supply of new-energy automobile power-related products, coupled with a further increase in the global penetration of new energy sources by vehicle, will lead to high growth in the company’s new energy-car operations. General automated markets: In the medium and long run, the general automation industry will benefit significantly from the long-term benefits of domestic manufacturing upgrading.
We believe that companies are expected to benefit from such factors as domestic manufacturing upgrades, and that general automation operations maintain a relatively high market for new-energy automobile power: the company's new-power vehicle power control has gone through a path that begins with the use of a car, has grown in commercial use, has grown in the use of a vehicle, and in August 2022, the fully-owned subsidiary, Suzhou Consolidated Power Systems Ltd., was authorized to launch domestic listing preparations.
Work, the initiative will take full advantage of the function of direct capital market financing to further consolidate and upgrade the combined power market position, competitive advantage and brand influence, and to help the combined power to become a global top-notch supplier of new energy motor power and power product systems resolution programmes, with companies expected to break down further into the domestic and overseas front line.
Accompanied markets for elevators: Multinational enterprises have increased their acceptance of corporate elevator transformers, their share of electricity-controlled products is expected to rise in cross-border staircases, and companies expect better growth in overseas markets. In terms of market layout, companies focus on south-east Asia, South Asia, the Middle East, and European markets, Hungarian factories continue to move forward, and European customers’ localized delivery capacity is growing.
Industrial robotics market: our industrial robot production has grown rapidly in recent years, but there is still much room for improvement in the number of industrial robots corresponding to the value added per unit of industry compared to the industrial power of the overseas countries; while the beneficiary industries have grown in recent years, and companies have completed switching from core parts to whole machine suppliers in the industrial robot market.
In the future, companies will benefit from the dividends of industry growth and their own growth in city ownership.
On the basis of the above-mentioned corporate performance projections, we have been able to measure the median number of p/e, p/b, p/s in 2022 for the Hong Kong-American share of Penan Automated Equipment industry p (ttm) at 36.54, taking into account that the company is in a new capacity for absolute valuation, the underlying assumptions are as follows:
1. Perpetuating growth rate: As the star-source material is domestic diaphragm taps, it is assumed that the rate of increase will continue to grow in conjunction with the rate of increase in the country ' s gdp 3. We predict a more stable future corporate tax policy, combined with the actual tax rate for the company ' s calendar years, assuming the company ' s future 5) post-tax cost of debt capital kd: based on the latest publication by the People ' s Bank of lpr for more than five years, combined with the combined corporate tax
On the basis of the above assumptions, we were able to measure a wacc of 7.92 per cent, corresponding to the forecast year fcff, and then to arrive at a sensitivity analysis of the valuation model of the company as a whole, table VIII: dcf
Downstream demand is expected to recover, and industrial automation is expected to usher in a new industry cycle: both the domestic production window and downstream diversification will enhance the inverse cyclicality of the industrial sector, accompanied by a stable recovery in the domestic economy, a sustained release of policy dividends, downstream manufacturing investment, confidence is expected to warm up, and an automated industrial control market is expected to usher in a new climate cycle.
The industrial sector will gradually enter the accelerated import-substitution phase. There is a surge in demand for domestic production, where the industrial leader is expected to lead the development of the intelligent manufacturing industry, and the general automation of the company’s operations.
There are signs of recovery from higher single-speed increases in downstream multi-industry industries; in industrial robotics, as products continue to be refined and enriched, the application of industrial robotics products from the current firm ' s deep-deep downstream fields has gradually expanded from 3c, lithium, photovoltaic, etc. to applications such as auto assembly, metal processing, etc. The revenues from corporate smart manufacturing plates have increased from $4,789 million in 2018.
By 2021, 14.423 billion, the Māori rate had remained stable at around 40%, and it is expected that, with the surge in demand for national production replacements, the revenue from the public-sector smart manufacturing plate will increase further to safeguard the company’s continued growth. By taking advantage of the “double-carbon economy,” the new energy business may become an important support for the company’s future growth: in the first half of 2022.
The share of the company's new energy-borne motor controllers in the Chinese market was 9.3 per cent, ranking first among third-party suppliers; the share of new energy-borne motors in the Chinese market was 5.4 per cent; the share of new energy-borne motors in the Chinese market was 4.9 per cent; and the fifth.
The product dimensions look at power control, power supply, tri-power mix, etc., are beginning to rise. Looking ahead, companies, as traditional industrial producers, power generators, transformers, etc., rely on technological accumulation in R & D, production, and are actively involved in the supply of new-energy automobiles and related products, with a further increase in global penetration of new energy and new-energy vehicles.
Benchmark indicator description: a shares-headboard benchmark is 300 index depth, start-up panel benchmark is 300 index, start-up panel benchmark is 50 index, north border benchmark is 50 index North, port share benchmark is permanent index, US share benchmark is 500 as a core component supplier in the field of smart manufacturing, and downstream industries are numerous and widely distributed.
The economy, fixed-asset investment, exports, etc. are closely linked. Moreover, the volatility of the epidemic and the complexity of the international environment can lead to macroeconomic downturns and increased competition in the market, thus affecting the market demand and performance of the company’s related products.
Although the development of the new energy automobile sector is promising, the industry is in the early stages of development, the industry is still unstereotyped, the market is highly competitive, the product-rich rate is generally low, and businesses are less profitable. If competition in the new energy car market increases further, it will affect the quality and profitability of the company’s new energy automobile business.
The management risks associated with the expansion of the size of the company have increased in recent years as the size of the company’s assets, the size of its personnel, and the scope of its operations have grown. From the business model of the new business to the efficiency of its operations, the management of the company has become more demanding.
The Division continues to optimize its governance structure, implement management changes, and continue to introduce excellence in management, but as the scale of its operations expands, this report has been produced and published in Hong Kong by the China-Toon Securities International Ltd. (hereinafter “the company”) and the Chinese-Toon Securities International Ltd., a 33-year-old voucher dealer, owns license plate No. 1/4/5/9 issued by the Hong Kong CVM.