Wally Group (300979.sz) buys Vietnamese sports shoes, trades are undervalued.
The transaction is concluded with the award of 100% of Hong Kong's Heroes (hereinafter referred to as “the subject matter of the transaction”).
As a result, Heroes and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Viet Nam Youngcheon Shoe Industries Ltd. (hereinafter, Viet Nam, Yongcheon), and Jada International Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter, “Jada International”) will become fully-owned subsidiaries of the company and will be included in the corporate consolidated statements. Because of the long life cycle of new factories from location to construction and production, in order to respond to the need for rapid upswings in new customer orders, companies will do their part by buying 100 per cent of the shares of the hero's heart.
The company will integrate the production capacity of the manufacturing plants in the group to meet the needs of the company’s business development, depending on the order of each client. The country’s buy-up valuation is significantly below the industry level, and reverse expansion will help the company to expand its market share; and (2) the supplier’s peers will be able to increase their market share.
The growth in sales slowed in October-November, Nike stepped up his efforts to clear the goods, improve the stock structure by the end of the target year, and stock price reheating is expected to become apparent; 3) risk opportunities for companies to expand their market share in the face of adversity in the future. The company has a low value-valued purchase deal, which is beneficial to the company, and mature capacity can help it accelerate the expansion of its market share. In an uncertain short-term need environment, the industry is facing consolidation, while the company is competitive.
By the end of the year, we are expected to see a turning point for improved brand stocks, and the industry is expected to warm up gradually in the second quarter of next year. Given the current downstream demand, the value of the acquisitions is significantly below the level of the industry, and the reverse expansion will help the company expand its market share.
On August 31, 2022, the price-fixing base date, the hero held 100% of the stock in Yongchon, Viet Nam, and 100% of the stock in Jiada International. The main business in Yongchon, Viet Nam, was shoe-shoe production; and the main business in Jadhar International was shoe trade.
US$ 1.88 billion; net profit in 2021 US$ 1.08 million; net profit in January-August 2022 US$ 16.18 million. US$ 1.00 million. If the net profit from heroism in 2021 is benchmarked at $1.884 million, the pe value of the transaction is 3.3 x, which is significantly lower than the comparable value of front-listed sports branding firms (approximately 20x-30x), and the purchase price is more favourable.
2. In response to changes in consumer demand and sports brand patterns, the firm continues to strengthen the basis of its collaboration with the old sports brand, consolidates and enhances its close cooperation with clients, and works actively with the new and emerging brands to rapidly increase its share in the emerging brands ' supply chain.
Since then, the company has grown considerably in nike, hoka, onon, and underarmour brands. At the same time, the company has been awarded a production order for the new reebok brand in 2022.
With its high-quality customer structure and strong competitiveness in the main customer supply chain, Wally maintains a robust order, while continuing to build and expand new factories based on long-term cooperative planning with customers. According to the company’s future productive profile, in addition to building large production bases in Indonesia, companies will continue to build productive capacity in northern and central Viet Nam, taking full advantage of years of roots in northern Viet Nam.
Because of the long life cycle of new factories from location to construction and production, in order to respond to the need for rapid upswings in new client orders, the company will acquire the capacity of about 10 million pairs of sneakers produced annually in Yongchon, Viet Nam, by acquiring 100% of the shares of the hero. Once this deal is completed, the company will integrate the production capacity of the manufacturing plants in the group to meet the needs of the company’s business development, based on the order of each client.
In October-November, the supplier’s sales growth slowed, Nike’s efforts to improve the stock structure by the end of the year, and stock price recovery was expected to increase rapidly under the low base of last year’s shutdown, but growth began to slow in October-November, influenced by the client’s clean-up stock. Nike’s two major movers, Futai, and Yumoto, entered the low base cycle of last year’s shutdowns since July, and monthly revenue growth accelerated markedly, but was weakly cut off the base.
The effect is that the growth rate in 2020 or 2019 is slowing, mainly due to the backlog of pre-brands created by pre-supply issues, and the start to adjust orders to relieve stock pressure. In November this year, Fontai’s revenue fell to 10% compared to more than 30% of the increase in 2019, and in October this year, the revenue from Xumoto’s shoes fell to -2% of the upfront increase in 2019.
Nike's stock pressure has increased, and the downward adjustment of the Māori rate has led to greater marketing efforts, with the goal of improving the stock structure by the end of the year. Nike's performance in the quarter of this year, in June-August, showed an increase of 65% in the North American region, 65% in the end of the season and 85% in the end of the season, mainly due to the low base impact of last year's shutdown of Vietnamese/Indonesian factories; and 2. Delays in the delivery of goods in the previous two seasons, while preparing goods ahead of the current season's product festival.
In response, Nike expects to increase its sales to improve the stock structure from the current quarter to the end of the 22nd quarter, and stock levels are expected to continue to improve after the season’s high levels. Meanwhile, Nike’s fiscal year’s Māori ratio has fallen by 2–2.5 p.p., compared to the previous round’s downward adjustment of Māori, which anticipates that short-term stock turning points will be an important sign of a stock cut, and that medium- and long-term industry patterns will be concentrated further head-to-head.
Dealers’ stock prices, as well as brands’ stock turnover, can be found to be worrying about industry fundamentals when brand stocks change slowly, and stock prices fall; while stock turnover accelerates, brands and suppliers’ stock prices rebound. The industry stock issue is expected to begin to return to normal in the second quarter of the year after entering the fourth quarter.
In addition, small and medium-sized suppliers have been hit more sharply in the context of industry-to-stocking, and cash-rich, competitive sports-shoe manufacturers such as Wally and Fontaine will continue to expand their capacity next year. The first three quarters of this year, Wally’s capital expenditure was $1.32 billion, compared to 2021’s full year.
In the future, core suppliers will have an opportunity to expand their market share in reverse, and we see a trend toward continued concentration of the share of medium- and long-term industries in the head. The investment proposal is that the purchase price is favourable, and that the company’s future opportunities to expand its market share in adversity are better.
In an environment of short-term uncertainty, the industry is facing consolidation, while the company is competitive, growing robust and cash-rich, and we look forward to medium- and long-term growth prospects under the corporate counter-optimal expansion strategy. According to the expectations of brand clean-up, it is expected to see an improvement in brand stock by the end of the year.
Industry is expected to get orders warmer gradually in the second quarter of next year. Given that the current changes in downstream demand are not yet clear, we maintain a profit forecast, and it is expected that the authors will ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.