Wally Group (300979.sz)
DJ: On 20 October, the company issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2022, with a projected net profit of 2,397 million to shareholders in listed companies.
In September, sales growth slowed, Nike stepped up, stock stock structure improved by the end of the target year, and stock price reheating is expected to show; 3) Winds: Production expansion is not as expected, the epidemic is too long, international political and economic risks: 4) Investment proposals: focus on brand customer stocks, turning points, and look at future opportunities for companies to expand their market share in adversity. The company’s sales performance in the third quarter is as expected, and in the fourth quarter it is going to stock in brands.
Given the short-term nature of brand-to-stock orders to companies, and the clear outlook for long-term expansion of market shares among companies, it is proposed to take advantage of the stock-taking opportunities and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
During the last three quarters, net profits are projected to increase by about 25% against a high base of last year, with a projected exchange rate growth of about 6%, and a measurement of net profits of about 885 million yuan in the third quarter, a 25.5% increase over the same period. In the same period, there was a rapid recovery in brand sales, while in the south of Viet Nam and elsewhere, the net profits of companies grew by about 30% against a background of supply constraints caused by the cessation of the epidemic, and the higher base was still positive in the third quarter of this year.
The average exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi for the third quarter of this year was about 6.85 per cent, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the same period, and the company’s revenues were largely expressed in United States dollars, thus excluding the effect of the exchange rate, the net profit of the dollar-calibre company for the third quarter is expected to increase by about 18 per cent.
The supplier’s sales growth slowed in September, Nike’s efforts to improve the stock structure by the end of the year, and stock price reheating is expected to show a rapid increase in sales of q3 under the low base of last year’s shutdown, but growth began to slow in September as a result of the client’s clean inventory. Nike’s two major sports shoes, the supplier Fongtai and Xu Yuan, have entered the low base cycle of last year’s shutdown since July, and monthly revenue growth has increased significantly, but the base has been cut short.
Neck's performance in the quarter of this year, June-August, showed a 65% increase in stock levels in the Neck North American region, 65% in the end of the season and 85% in the end of the season.
Reason: 1. The low base effect of last year’s shutdown of Vietnamese/Indonesian plants; 2. Delays in delivery of goods in the first two seasons, together with pre-positioning of goods prior to the current season’s product festival, but earlier than expected. In response, Nike expects to increase marketing to improve the stock structure from the end of the quarter to the end of the year, and stock levels are expected to continue to improve from the height of the current season.
Short-term stock grabs will be an important sign of stock-price grabs, and medium- and long-term industry patterns will be more focused on the head. Compared with international brands and suppliers in recent years, and brand stock turnover rates, it can be observed that when brands change slowly, markets will worry about industry fundamentals and stock prices fall; and when stock turnover accelerates, brands and suppliers will rebound.
Upstream orders are also expected to begin to return to normal in the second quarter of the year. Thus, stock disclosure at the end of the year, if it is up to date, will be expected to trigger a rebound in brand and supplier prices.
In the first half of this year, Wally Group capital spending was 860 million yuan, while capital spending was 1.28 billion yuan throughout 2021, reflecting a significant increase in capital spending, reflecting the confidence of companies in expanding their productive capacity. In the future, core suppliers will have the opportunity to counter the trend of increasing market shares, and we see a trend towards continued concentration of the share of medium- and long-term industries in the head.
Investment proposals: focus on the turning point of brand clients' inventories, and see the opportunity for companies to expand their market share in the future in the face of adversity Three quarters of the company's sales performance is as expected, and four quarters of its performance has increased or will slow under the influence of brand de-stocking, but the exchange rate is expected to continue to contribute. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author