The q3 performance grew robustly, taking advantage of the low-valued configuration opportunities, the Wallies Group (300979.sz) net profit of 2,446 million yuan, or 22.46 per cent, or 2,403 million yuan, or 20.32 per cent,
High inflation in overseas markets has affected demand, corporate sports shoe sales have slowed down, product structure has been upgraded, and the renminbi’s exchange rate has weakened to boost income growth.
The income of high-quality large clients is concentrated, and the volume of sneakers is increasing. RI 850 million, representing a total income of 91.68 per cent, continues to implement a high-quality customer strategy.
Head-client revenue contributions are concentrated. In the first three quarters of 2022, companies sold sports shoes for 169 million pairs of shoes, the same increase of 9.99 per cent, with 22q3 selling sports shoes for 54 million pairs, the same increase of 3.60 per cent, influenced by high inflation overseas, weak motor consumption in the European and American markets, and downstream branders controlling the supply.
The price growth was driven by the movement of companies and the devaluation of the renminbi in the three quarters of 2022. The Māori rate, the cost rate, and the net operating cash flow were lower and higher.
Quarterly Māori rates fell by 1.98 pct to 25.89 per cent, mainly as a result of the q1 new crown outbreak, the company’s lower start-up rate in Viet Nam and the low utilization of new plant capacity, with a similar Māori 22q3 net operating cash flow of $3.174 billion, or 81.88 per cent, mainly due to increased sales.
Short-term high inflation affects overseas consumption, and firms actively expand production to drive long-term growth. Short-term European-American countries are affected by high inflation, and consumption capacity has declined, with brand pools like Nike and vf in 2022.
There has been an increase in savings and greater control over upstream order rhythms. Companies have actively expanded their high-quality brander clients, `performance meets expectations, sports shoes have grown steadily,' `continue to improve their ability to design R & D, cost control, quality control, product rotation, etc., and expand and compete.
In Europe and the United States, inflation rates are now starting to decline, and overseas consumption is expected to recover in the future, and brand demand is expected to return to faster growth.
Companies are actively expanding production capacity in South-East Asia and promoting sustained income growth.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. has a lower performance rate than 20%.
Time-growing, short-term low stock prices affected by global economic fluctuations, pessimistic market expectations, 9th House of the City of the West Side in Beijing, but we believe that the competitiveness of the christening companies will be more evident and that the current valuation is higher.
Prices are expected to boost market confidence and maintain a “buy-in” rating after future consumption repairs. Risk factors: more concentrated production areas, rising labour costs, the spread of the neo-crowd pneumonia epidemic in Viet Nam, Master of Finance, University of Gangan, four years of research experience in the consumer goods industry, and joining the Sunda securities industry in 2020 in the textile light industry
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.