q3 Performance growth robust and output expansion driving long-term growth Event: Companies issued performance forecasts for the first three quarters of 2022, achieving net return profit of 2.397 billion in the reporting period
Short-term high inflation affected overseas consumption, and the renminbi devalued to the advantage of the company’s performance. The 22q3 firm was able to fly at a slower pace, largely due to higher inflation in the major economies of Europe and the United States.
Cost confidence has declined, some clients have been affected by the stock build-up to adjust the single rhythm, and the overseas share of Li Xing’s business income has been strained. Companies have been able to improve their services with a good customer structure and continuous improvement.
In addition to corporate sales revenue in United States dollars, 22q3 RMB is partially depreciated against the dollar, and performance has slowed down. Short-term inventories affect clients' single-pacing, and output expansion drives long-term growth.
But Europe and America have relatively rigid market demand, with the latest fiscal season sales of Nike and Adidas increasing by $4 to $12.7 billion and 11 to $6.408 billion, respectively.
The pace of purchase is expected to return to normal. There is a clear competitive advantage for companies in the sneakers industry, with more stable cooperation between head customers, and growing production capacity in Viet Nam and Indonesia in the future.
The long-term growth of the track, the company's dominant position as a sports shoe forerunner, the current stock-priced valuations are at a low level relative to performance, long-term development space is high, and “risk factors are maintained: concentrated production areas, rising labour costs and the spread of the neo-crowd pneumonia epidemic in Viet Nam”
2022.8. "Performance is what you expect, and the sports shoes are what they are."
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Li Xing, Master of Financial Studies in Consumer Products at the University of Kyotan, four years of experience in consumer goods industry studies, joined the Sunda Securities in 2020, and engaged in the textile light industry as part of a non-consensual, non-consensual, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.