The textile and apparel group is going to buy high-quality shoes, and the order for expansion is growing, and the hero's heart is buying 100% of the stock, and the hero's heart is handed over to Yongchon, Chiada, Viet Nam, and his wholly-owned subsidiary.
The company's heroism, in 2021/22, achieved a net profit of $1884.1-1617.9 million. The two wholly-owned companies of heroes are the owners of the shoes.
Related operations: 1) Production of shoes from Yongcheon Main Camp, Viet Nam, which generated $34.491 million in January-August 2022, net profit of $556,000, yielding 7.29 million pairs of sneakers per month; 2) Ghada International Main Shoes 2.
Business trade, responsible for raw materials procurement and finished product sales in Yongchuan, Viet Nam, achieved $105 million in January-August 2022, and a net gain of $16.62 million. The new acquisition target is expected to bring 10 million two-yearly capacity to companies to meet the needs of new customers’ orders.
Work with head brands is solid, new clients are consistently released, and end demand is rising. On the one hand, the company and 4. q2 performance are over-expected, production and sales are both pro-growth - head clients are deepening continuously, and their core clients are nike/deckers/vf/puma/ua for the first three quarters.
Contributions of $88/4.6/4.1/2.4/130 million are projected, respectively, with an increase of about 38 per cent for Nike, compared to 4. Walli Group 1q22 Performance Assessment - Head Clients 1h22 with a marked acceleration and a significant increase in hoka and ua orders; and, in addition, companies are active and emerging goods
Cards work together, with orders from new brands such as Run, nb, and reebok constantly being released. As the number of participants in sports increases, the rate of repurchases of sports shoes increases, and the demand for sports is more nuanced and the use of sports shoes is gradually expanding, hopefully leading to increasing consumption of sports shoes.
Firms are deeply tied to high-quality overseas sports brands, and demand continues to grow in a context of stress; supply ends and output expansion drive performance. Despite 2h22 being influenced by weak consumption in Europe and the United States, and the stock of sports brands, companies maintain a robust increase in orders based on their strength in supply chain/client structure/capacity
Long; combined with the peak of overseas inflation, the gradual landing of brands in stock, the recovery of end demand, the build-up of companies, rising human costs in Viet Nam, the slower pace of expansion than expected, and the decline in overseas end demand.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment