Wally Group (300.979) Textiles and apparel manufacture Wally Group: slightly over-expected performance and the logic of medium- and long-term industrial upgrading
Events: Company performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2022, q1-q3 is expected to achieve a slightly higher return than expected. Since q3 the United States dollar has been in the upper range of the RMB exchange rate, the average exchange rate has been higher than the average, and the performance has been growing at a faster pace than the overseas multifactorial disturbance.
With high brand-side consumption, Vietnam’s plant start-up rate affected by the epidemic has led to tight industry supply, with 2103 net profits increasing by 30% +. This year, affected by rising overseas inflation, slowing consumption, etc., add up to a high base and expect a rapid increase of around 25% in the 2203 quarter net profit return.
Excluding exchange rate effects, net profit growth is expected to be around 20%. We believe that the company’s downstream customers’ total equity/flow (million shares) orders are stable as one of the core suppliers of the international head brand, for the core quality suppliers.
Company q3 continued to grow steadily as a result of relatively small adjustments in the total market value/flow (millions of dollars). Focus on overseas branding to stock stops, further optimization of medium- and long-term industry patterns, company markets
In the short term, international head brands such as nike, adidas are subject to short-term inventory.
In the medium and long term, companies are leading the world’s leading sport and leisure shoe industry, and the market share has increased significantly in recent years.
Wally Group (300979). Wally Group: Increased efficiency and scale of management by good companies, with medium- and long-term prospects of becoming industry first. High growth in the epidemic, clear trends in profitability
And overseas inflation affects the short-term stock cycle, the release of additional capacity in the medium term, the advantages of long-term research and development technologies and scale barriers, combined with a steady acceleration, with scarce and long-term values in the context of the revaluation of global quality supply chain values, and the present valuation with a price-to-value configuration.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report