On October 27, 2022, the Wallies Group issued its third quarterly report for 2022. The company collected $15,374 million in q1-q3 in 2022.
\triangleright single quarter net profit of 884 million yuan, an increase of 25.07% in the same year; single quarter non-net profit of 873 million yuan, an increase of 4.26% in the same year 3 sales of 554 million pairs.
In 2022, the company continued to grow robustly q3. Client binding continued to deepen, and product upgrades were orderly.
We believe that Wally is working with these two major clients, or that there is an increase in the volume of orders and the product process, which can offset the short-term decline in the demand for customers two and three. In the long run, Liu Wenzheng
Wally's own production process continues to grow, and the attraction for the brand of sneakers will continue to rise, with a slight change in the Māori rate in 2022 q3 s0105211009 or because new plants and products are still climbing.
\triangleright Sin Zexie because, or because the company has received orders in three quarters that require new process production, this part of the order is from the test to the volume of production
In the process, employees need to undergo a gradual process of proficiency, so there is room for a structural improvement in the Māori rate of this part of the company’s product. At the same time, some of the company’s new plants are still on the slope, and future efficiency improvements can still be made.
1. Wally Group (300979.sz) semi-annual reports in 2022, where the stock of big sports shoe brands is at a high level, has a certain suppression of the upstream manufacturing landscape. In our view, internal growth offsets external disturbances and orders can be produced in both directions.
The stocking cycles of major brands or phase-out in q2 in 2023 will result in clearly -2022/08/18 orders at the upstream production end. Meanwhile, in 2024, as an Olympic year, spring and summer 2024, or q3 will be produced in 2023.
2. Wally Group (300979.sz) Dynamics Assessment Report: Thus, for Wally Group, in 2023, the company or two rounds of orders were profitable.
Future capacity will continue to be released steadily, and long-term certainty will remain significant. Vietnam, Myanmar, and Indonesia are making steady progress in their expansion, among which are: (1) Viet Nam: the new plant was able to climb smoothly in 2021 and continued to contribute significantly in 2022, while Viet Nam will continue to have several new plants in 2023; (2) Indonesia: the company expects phase I of the plant to begin with the gold in 2023.
Contribution to productive capacity; (3) Myanmar: Myanmar’s factories have now resumed construction, and expansion of production capacity will be a positive guarantee for the company’s revenue growth. The investment proposal is that companies have accumulated high-quality, sticky old customers based on their production-side advantages and continue to contribute to rising incomes against the backdrop of high inflation abroad and consumption, while the demand of new customers is high and currently limited to production capacity.
We anticipate that the methodology and analytical logic of \triangleright will lead to conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and are responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.