The sales of the core brand clients are solid, and firm orders are growing.
Under this heading, core brand clients maintained a robust growth in sales based on stronger brand power: 1) Nikeq1 (cut 2) deeckersq1 (up to 6.30) with a 21.8 per cent increase, with hoka brands increasing 55 per cent over the same period and performing brightly; 3) vf groupq1 (up to 7.2) + 3 per cent over the same period, dominated by Asia and the Pacific
2. q2 Performance exceeded expectations, production and sales together contributed to growth - sales slowed down, with the same 6/10% increase in America/Europe, respectively. Brand order collections after supply chain repairs 202272q3. Wally Group 1q22 Performance Review - Head Clients
The weakening of the demand for goods and clothing from overseas has led to an increase in the company ' s short-term inventory, which has increased by 44/83/92 per cent to the latest fiscal season, respectively, and is expected to grow robustly in 2-4 quarters, with the epidemic unchanged throughout the year,
4. Short-term Impacts, Capable Extensions-Walley, Mainly q1 North Vietnam Work Stoppages, and New Plants are in the slope phase, and their efficiency is slowing down overall performance; however,
The 3q21 performance rating of the Wallies Group - the low season does not benefit from the resumption of factories in the second half of the year, the normal stocking and delivery of orders, and the expected recovery of the q3 and year-round Māori rates. In the medium and long term, positive automation and improved human effectiveness of companies are expected to lead to continued increases in profitability.
New factories are expected to be operational next year. New factories in Viet Nam and Indonesia are expected to start operating in the first half of next year, with a smooth expansion of capacity to boost orders from new brands; asics is expected to be able to produce 4-6 million pairs this year, and to run next year with sufficient capacity.
The company is deeply tied to high-quality overseas sports brands, and orders continue to grow in the context of demand pressure; the supply side, Shelley.
Growth in capacity drives growth in performance. Given the stability of corporate clients’ resources, the expected optimism of expansion, rising human costs in Viet Nam, the slower pace of expansion, and declining demand for offshore end-points.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment