Wally Group, three-quarterly 22-year review: q3 is higher than the price, and attention is paid to rebranding, October 27, 2022.
The speed at which the dollar is growing faster than the dollar is due mainly to the devaluation of the renminbi. On a quarterly basis, battalion 22q1/q2/q3 +25.07% has slowed down slightly from q2, mainly due to the weakening of the overseas economy.
The annual bonus for offshore affiliates leads to a higher income tax base. 3 continues at an all-time increase in the price. 169 million pairs/yoy+9.99% of sneakers were sold the previous three quarters of the year. asp (dollar caliber) compared to +77%, with a continuing trend of volume increases.
The rate of increase in sales slowed, mainly due to: a reduction in output due to stock pressure from one segment of the client base; an increase in complex shoe types (more time-consuming for single-double systems); a crowding out of overall output; and, in terms of prices, 22q1/q2/q3 US$asp for the same household structure (high unit-priced customers, i.e., nike); changes in product structure (complex shoe-type upgrading);
In the first three quarters, the top five clients, i.e., nike/deckers/vf/puma/ua, each with the same income as the other five.
/5.5 per cent combined, 91.7 per cent, and the nike pick-up continues to run. 2) Single q3: nike/deckers/vf/puma/ua ug stock pressure is high; 2vf drops are mainly due to higher base levels over the same period last year and overseas recessions are expected to be cautious; 3nike, while equally holding stock pressure, has maintained a rapid growth in harvests, which we estimate are clearasp
Upgrades contribute, while nike has a higher interest in the company and less adjustment of orders; 4 puma/ua increases are mainly driven by the redeployment of q3 capacity; 3 new clients (newballance, asics, onrun) report point evaluation: head customers are picking up and expanding
The fall in revenue has led to a decline in the Māori rate of the relevant plant, but it is still the industry ' s leading level. 2) Cost rate: 2203. Wally Group (300979): 22h1 currency depreciation brings a gain on exchange. 3) Net interest rate of return: combined q3 income tax ratio from 5.1 to 18.5 per cent (now).
Quick Performance Review: Viet Nam Epidemic Impact Reduction — Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating; Company as a professional manufacturer of global sports shoes, 22q1 disturbed by the Vietnam Epidemic Weight, q2 Performance Growth Ring Biti Speed
Household stock pressure has slowed down significantly, but asp has increased considerably, driven by product structural upgrading and the devaluation of the renminbi, to keep performance growth resilient. Given the q4 high base and short-term stock pressure, the competitive advantage is high, and the company is expected to make a profit as the customer’s stock returns to normal levels and the end-consumption environment recovers.
All three of the Group’s financial forecasting tables have been approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMSC), which now has an advisory board on securities investments.