The state's reckless growth of securities q3 has focused on branding and stock-taking.
New clients continue to spend their time, and the order structure optimizes the asp uplifting. The core client, Nike/deckers/vf/puma/ua, is expected to contribute $88/4.6/4.1/2.4/130 million in revenue in the first three quarters of the year, of which Nike is about 38% higher than 1h22 and releases Puma with capacity.
Q3 orders are growing at an accelerated pace; the decline in the share of total orders for head clients is mainly due to the fact that the number of outstanding performances is on track to the end of the year -
Quantities, 22q1-3 combined, selling about 169 million pairs of sneakers, 3. q2 performance over-expected, production and sales combined for growth - below range q3asp is projected to be about +8%, compared to the first half of the year when the growth picked up mainly in complex products on orders.
“Walley Group 1q22 Performance Review — Top Client q3 Māori under pressure, with profitability remaining industry leader. 22 years of q1-3 Māori growth was 25.89 per cent, with the epidemic unchanged year-round.”
5. Short-term Impacts, Exploited-Walley, pct., which is largely due to the uphill build-up of new brands and brands, which are expected to slow down production efficiency and maintain a stable year-round Māori rate.
Operational capacity has improved, and orders have returned to normal. On the operational side, 22 years q1-3 company stock levels have increased by 6.5 to 2.84 billion yuan, with stock swing days/receivables running over the period, respectively, deep binding of companies and high-quality overseas sports brands and continued growth of orders in the context of demand pressure; supply end
Shelleyon’s expansion of capacity drives performance growth. Given the current weak consumption in Europe and America, the short-term stock of sports brands has raised Viet Nam’s human costs, the pace of expansion has fallen short of expectations, and the demand for overseas terminals has fallen.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment