A 100% buy-in for the hero, 10 million from the factory in Vietnam, December 11, 2022.
The company announced that it would acquire 100% of the shares of Heroism International and 10 million pairs/year of mobile shoe production in Vietnamese factories. Hongta Hong Kong, a wholly-owned subsidiary of 2022/12/8, and Hong Kong's Great China, Hong Kong's Yuko, Hong Kong's RMB 100% shareholdings of Hong Kong's Great China and Hong Kong's Great China, together.
When the acquisition is completed, Heroes and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Yongchon, Viet Nam, and Jada International, will become fully-owned subsidiaries of the company, which will soon acquire 10 million pairs of sneakers per year in Yongchon, Viet Nam.
Heroes earned $117/107 million in January-August of the year/22 (about 4.3 per cent of Wally Group revenues at 21-year earnings and the average dollar exchange rate), and net profits were 1884/1618 with two wholly-owned subsidiaries, of which Yongchon, Viet Nam, was a shoe-making plant, and revenues from January-August of the year-August 22
With $3.449 million, net profits of $556 million, or about 7.29 million pairs of sneakers, the current acquisition has helped to cope with the rapid upswing of new client orders, as the original expansion plan of Jada International is on schedule. Since the second half of 2022, some sports brands have been under pressure from high stocks.
This has led to the relative weakness of some of the sporting shoe manufacturers’ orders, but the Wally Group, with its high-quality customer structure and its more competitive ability in the main customer supply chain, has kept the orders robust. At the same time, according to medium- and long-term cooperative planning with clients, companies are moving ahead with the planned construction of new factories in Viet Nam and Indonesia.
Wally Group (300.979): 22 years, three seasons, from location to construction, to the start of production, so the company has been able to extend M&As.
4.6%) to respond to the need for rapid upswings of new client orders. The company has grown considerably in 22 years in the fields of nike, hoka, onon, and underarmour brands, while it has received a 22-year-old order for the volume of reebok brands.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: company as a global leading professional shoe manufacturer, 22h1 performance rating: head customers running faster, expansion maintaining good growth, q3 being affected by weak overseas economies and brand stock pressure
The pace has slowed significantly, but the asp has increased considerably, driven by product structural upgrading and the devaluation of the renminbi, and has kept performance growth resilient. Some customer stock pressure is still in place in the short term, and it is expected that the 2302 firm orders will come to a turning point as the client’s inventory is deflated; and companies will be made as head sports shoes in the long term.
Business has a strong competitive edge, and customer outreach and expansion are expected to lead to a long-term period of robust growth.