China: Electronic zero component. We think the investor's focus will soon be transferred to the public, and each share will be the yuan in the second quarter of 2017.
The product strategy and outlook for 2018. The median annual rate of gain in this third season of the year is expected to be sound, vr/ar, "Hearing."
With the help of the hearables business, Gore shares are expected to hold until 2018.
The company’s profile: The company’s main business of Gore is the development, production and sale of audio, optical, electrical and whole-of-the-board electronics products.
The target price has been raised to 28 yuan: Gore shares published on August 18.
We believe that the stock price has risen over the past three months, and we have focused on it. In the legal conference, management proposed a growth strategy for 2018, covering audio studies, vr/ar, listening devices, etc., and said that it is continuing to increase its efficiency.
Supply management and product combinations (ar optical component). Taking into account the increase in the average sale price of audio/vr products and the Centre's upward valuation of the Maori rate, we estimate each financial estimate for 2017/18 and the outlook for the second half of 2017 as positive: the second quarter of 2017, each share of the surplus is the renminbi.
The increase over the same period in the previous year was mainly driven by the increase in the volume of new smart cellular devices (iphones) and the average sales price and new ar/vr devices.
The annual compound ratio will be maintained at 25%, mainly as a result of the upgrading of the rules and the introduction of zero components of the iPhone class by adroid. Gore shares will remain the main manufacturer; 2) vr/ar: Management's talk vr has shown a retreat, but still predicts Gore shares.
There can be "high growth" as a result of new machines (oculus), new clients, ar devices, etc.) launched by clients at the end of 2017 and early 2018; and 3) listening devices: with their wireless technology and the effects of buying dynaudio, the Gore shares will expand the sound.
The first project will be launched by the end of the year. On the whole, we estimate that the balance of each share of the company in 2018 will increase by one year.
The following researchers have contributed significantly to this report:
An analyst's statement and an important disclosure can be found in the annexa. The company's name, which was carried by Yuan Da and his research report, may be of current or future business interest, and the investors should understand that the company may have a conflict of interest as a result, affecting the objectivity of the report.
When you breakbergcode:youta, this report should be considered only one of these considerations. The report was originally made in English and translated into Chinese. If the investor has any questions about the correctness of the Chinese translation, please refer to the original English version.
China: Electronic zero component, Gore shares (002241/ch)
Data source: company data, Yuan Da ' s forecast: Mark "a" for Yuan Da 's historical data. China: Electronic zero component
The Center buys a rating of Gore shares at a target value of 28 yuan, which is 31 times the average of 30 times the target profit. The target benefit is roughly the same as the historical average, though we estimate Gore.
Compared to 25-40 times, Gol’s shares are not currently rated as high. The Center’s investment risks include 1) apple and China’s oem sales of less than expected; 2) oem price increases, resulting in billing costs for audio material lists; and 3) vr’s demand is lower than expected.
China: Electronic zero component, Gore shares (0022241ch)
China: Electronic zero component. Gol shares (0022241ch) attachment: Important disclosure
Analyst who is primarily responsible for writing the full or partial content of the study and who is responsible for writing the certificate or certificate issuer in this report, has stated that: (a) the points in the paper reflect exactly his personal views on each certificate or certificate issuer; and (b) the specific investment proposals or observations made by the analyst in this study are not directly related to any part of his or her past, present and future remuneration, nor are there any direct or future shareholdings (00224ch) - investment advice and target prices three years in history.
Source: Bloomberg, Remark: a = share price adjusted for equity and cash equity; b = target price not adjusted; c = target price adjusted for equity and cash equity. Staff red relief effects are not reversed in a\cdotb or c.
We have a positive view of the stock, based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial statements, trends, comments, and risks. It is recommended that investors increase the share in the investment pool.
Holdings - Beyond Associates: The Center believes that, based on the current stock price, the stock base is more attractive than the same business. This view is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, typologies, evaluation information, and risk profile.
This view is based on the Centre’s assessment of its development prospects, financial statements, the Centre’s estimates, its ratings, its targets, and the value of its targets.
Censorship: To comply with the rules and/or policies of the relevant laws and regulations and/or the size of the dollar, the target price for the dollar is calculated over a 12-month investment period. There is no official 12-month target price for the report series on the exploration of the Great China People's Republic of China, and the investment proposal is as specified in the analyst's report.
The content of this report is taken from sources recognized by the company, but does not guarantee its integrity or correctness. The report is not an offer or solicitation for the sale of any certificate. All the comments and estimates in the report are based on the company’s findings on a given date, and no change is notified.
This report only provides general information, information or any opinion, and does not constitute any offer or offer of a purchase certificate or other investment. The publication of the report is intended only for the general use of clients, and is not intended to provide specific investment advice, and does not take into account the different financial circumstances and objectives of any person who may receive the report. For any certificate, investment label or investment strategy discussed or recommended in the investment report, or discussed or recommended in the document, the investor should consult with financial consultants on whether it is appropriate for itself.
The report is not (and should not be explained) that in any jurisdiction, any person or company that is not in possession of a legal certificate of record or a transaction is a matter of conduct or negotiation within that jurisdiction. The dollar’s study reports that only the principal investment legal person in the United States (released under Rule 15a-6 of the Securities and Exchange Act 1934 and its amended provisions and the US Securities and Exchange Commission) has been sent to the United States.
The U.S. investment investors who want to carry out transactions related to the certificates issued in this report are required to register through a voucher registerr under section 15 of the Securities Transactions Act 1934 and its amendments. Yuan Da's study was published in Taiwan by a large voucher investment firm, and in Hong Kong by a large certificate company (Hong Kong). The certificate (Hong Kong) is approved by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Supervisory Board for registration, and is authorized to conduct regulatory activities, including category 4 activities (discussing on certificates).
In order to obtain detailed information on any certificate contained in this report, Taiwan officials should contact Grand Certificate Investment Inc. by:
Hong Kong people who wish to obtain detailed information on any of the certificates contained in this report should contact Yuan Dalian (Hong Kong) Limited at Hong Kong Summer Road 18.
A 23rd floor in Heefu Center.