Gore shares (002241) reported performance as expected, with a view to raising the value of acoustics
Recently, Gore shares published semi-annual reports for 2017: 1) 9.974 billion yuan in the first half of 2017, an increase of 52.39 per cent in the same year; 719 million yuan in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 51.57 per cent in the same year; but the reported performance was in line with expectations and remained high.
\triangleright 2, The main reasons for the growth in corporate performance are: (1) expansion of the size of operations, expansion of market openings, significant increases in sales billing revenues over the previous year; and (2) optimization of the order structure, with an increase in the value of exports while increasing the number of new ones
Production development efforts, with the introduction of new types of electrophones with waterproofing, stereo-sounding effects, high volume of noise, etc.3 We believe that companies have the ability to provide their customers with centralized, optical, wireless communication equipment, etc., as a product, with micro-microphones first in the market, and micro-speakers in the market.
Second, the growth rate in the first half of the year is high, and it is expected that with the advent of the second half of the e-consumption season, the company industry will be working as research assistant: the continuous upgrading of acoustic devices will produce a full-cost global 24-hour R & D system.
1 smart phone stereos and waterproof designs promote the volume of sound of loudspeakers. Stereo-constructural rises. Beginning in the second half of the year, iPhone 7/7prus introduced waterproof and stereotic features, speakers plus receivers rose from $4 to $6.5, and it is expected that a new generation of iPhone waterproofing levels will lead to acoustic components in 2017.
1. "The People ' s Electronics Industry Event Review: New iphone stock production, good outlook for the Apple industry chain " .2 The company has established strategic partnerships with national and international universities such as the Chinese Academy, Stanford, mit, and other institutions in Beijing and Beijing.
Aoshima, the United States, Japan, Germany, Sweden, Denmark, etc., has a 24-hour global R & D body.
We believe that smartphone manufacturers, represented by Apple, continue to upgrade hardware to facilitate the further development of the volume of acoustic devices, with the introduction and production of a new generation of iphones in the second half of the year.
In the area of smartphones, the active layout of smart hardware such as vr/ar shows that global products and services in the area of vr/ar will be $11.4 billion in 2017.
The dollar has grown rapidly to $215 billion in 2021, with huge market space. Companies have seized on opportunities in the smart hardware industry, such as vr/ar, in the consumer electronics industry, using global customer resources and market- and technology-oriented to expand strategic areas such as hearable, viewable, wearable, and Robotics.
The company's sole agent for Facebook and Psvr in Sony, Superdata, shows that two Vr plants sold about 1.4 million units in 2016, and two Vr devices are expected to sell around 3.5 million units in 2017. At the same time, the company acquired the world's top sound equipment manufacturer, Dana.
Applehomepod and Amazonecho's best sales will also benefit significantly from corporate smartphone operations.3 In our view, companies are fast-tracked on consumer electronic innovation, with emerging industries such as artificial intelligence, vr/ar, no-man driving cars, smart homes, robotics/unmanns, etc., and companies will have sustainable development in the future.
The company’s future performance is expected to continue to grow rapidly, as a leading company in the country’s micro-acoustic units, while actively setting up intelligent hardware fields, such as vr/ar. The company’s sales are expected to fall short of the expected levels of 0.70, 1, 1 and 1, respectively, in 2017–2019: 2, and vr/ar.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, China People’s University, head of the business college of China Petroleum University, and head of the business college of China, Ba ' a, entrepreneurship instructor of the Central National University; with nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, China joined the NLD securities in 2016. Hu Xiaoyi, assistant in electronics research. Master’s degree in microelectronics and solid electronics, Beijing University, Bachelor of Microelectronics, Beijing University, and, 2016, the NLD securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.