Gore shares (002241.sz)
While the net profit growth of 1h17 is above 50%, the net profit of 3017 continues to grow rapidly, showing the upgrading of acoustic devices and the rapid growth of demand in the vr industry, the company, as the champion of acoustic devices, will have to upgrade its products to the full benefit of acoustic devices in smart hardware. In addition, the company has accumulated optical designs.
The experience of manufacturing, sensor design, 3d containment makes the company a platform-based company with a small number of insiders in the electronics industry that can provide a holistic solution to acoustic light power, and the company is now in the nuclear core of the vr industrial chain, even with the best evidence. In the long run, we believe that both the electrophone and optical components are high-speed increases.
In the long segmented sub-sector, there is still much room for long-term growth in corporate performance. 1h17 net profits grew by more than 50%: 9.97 billion yuan in the first half of 2017, 5.45 billion yuan in the first quarter of Yoy 2 and 41.3 per cent in the net profit of $420 million.
In terms of Māori, the combined Māori rate of 1h17 was about 1 percentage point higher than in the previous year, while the Māori rate of the main electronics business was about 1 percentage point higher than in the same period of the previous year.
Soundware and optical components continue to grow rapidly: we judge that the new iphone product will continue to be innovatively upgraded in waterproofing, stereo sound, microphones, etc., and will drive other mobile phone manufacturers to follow the wind.
Over 20 per cent of the growth rate will be maintained over the next two years, with the company as the main supplier of applespkbox (nearly 50 per cent) and headphones (40 per cent), with an expected 25 per cent increase in business output; and the optical component industry, driven by virtual reality and micro-project demand, is at a high pace.
During the growth phase, industrial output is expected to exceed 100 per cent in 2016-2020cagr, and the company ' s performance as a core supplier in the vr industry chain (oculus sole, psvr surrogate, holollens surrogate) is robust, leading to rapid growth in revenues associated with electronic parts.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: based on innovation in the apple upgrade and rapid release of expected remuneration (expectedreturn; er) in the virtual reality industry, as follows: This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.