The company published three-quarter reports in 2018, which resulted in net profits of $4,061 million and $338 million, respectively, compared to 8.7 per cent and -27.9 per cent, respectively, of which q3 achieved net returns in the first quarter.
Performance is under pressure due to the slowdown in the overall automobile industry and changes in the model of the vehicle. (1) The industry has been dragged by the low downstream car market due to the control of the screen (with a large crowd, a wide gas, a general Mitsubishi, a Great Wall car, etc., with a different level of decline in the set-up), and with some of the customers, such as Chang An, the Wall, Chirre, etc.
The impact of sales, which fell by 9 per cent to $4.061 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, and the net profit of the mother, 1. " Domestic cabin electronic taps, beach grab autopilot - 28 per cent to $338 million " ; and (2) continued and increased investment in research and development for projects such as autopilot, until 2018.
The cost of R & D in the third quarter was $400 million, an increase of 31 per cent over the same period.
27.0 per cent. (4) The negative aspects of the car market are still in place, but the company is the leader in the industry and is relatively strong in the same industry: first, the ratio of high pre-loading (99 per cent of pre-loading, first in the industry) and second, the company is the first in the traditional car market, with 5 of the Top10 self-employed and tied to the Top3 joint venture.
Plants; third, electric cars have a growing number of customers, opening up cars, cars, cars, state vehicles, etc. Autopilots have been developed. More than 4 million new projects have been built to take off the beach automatically, whereas previously autopilots had produced results: (1) camera: high-definition cameras and high-resolution loops.
The system has been produced in quantities, with new products such as HFSE, t-box, receiving multiple international and autonomous branding orders: (2) Radar: Automated Parking System is expected to be produced and delivered to domestic customers during the year, and highly automated millimetre-wave radar production lines have been completed and are in a quantifiable state.
As a result of the contraction of the vehicle fleet during the low speed of the vehicle fleet and the impact of the high investment in intelligent driving, Joo-Hun has slowed the pace of growth; the client growth has fallen short of expectations; and the auto-drive and car-networking industries have not developed as fast as possible.
Period; product cost falls short of expectations; stock price pressure on stock is lifted by stock restrictions, and the final rating is then calculated on average, as an average market investment