(i) Brands: old component leader, 2021 component delivery.
24.8gw, Second Global, 100% Affordability Ratings for bnef; 2) Channels: First in the country of distribution in 2021, distribution revenues increased by 155% and distribution revenues by 39%. Deepening the vertical layout of the industrial chain and increasing cost competitiveness.
On June 25, the company issued a debt transfer plan to raise funds of up to $8.89 billion for the expansion and supplemental flow of 35gw straight-line single crystal projects.
Funding. By the end of 2023, the self-supply ratio of silicon and silicon is expected to be around 25%, with batteries promoting high growth in distributed system operations under the policy compared to the county as a whole. In 2016, a distributed development strategy was established, with a strong downside capacity, with distributed system delivery in 2021 being the second highest in the country.
Under the impetus of the rapid and sustained upswing of domestic distribution machines, it is expected that the company's tracking armpit will hit the tipping point in 2022-2024. In 2018, the Nclave lineup operation was acquired, and the top 10 of the world's original intelligent tracking system fully boosted its power generation gains and its competitive advantages became apparent.
2022h2 ground power station installation ratio is up, tracking the feeder operation is expected to be a pick-up point. The stock market in front of the master offensive is now in the harvest period.
As the price of silicon falls, it is expected that the output of storage energy system products will reach 3-4 in 23-24 years.
The international trade environment has deteriorated; the epidemic has repeatedly led to lower-than-expected global economic recovery; irrational industrial expansion; new technologies have not progressed as expected; exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi; equity restrictions have lifted risks.
1.1 Sense energy solutions provider, extending to upstream and downstream co-development.
Privatization retired in 2017 and marketed on 21 May 2020, corporate providers of a holistic solution for positioning photovoltaic smart energy, including photovoltaic components, photo-voltaic scaffolding, photovoltaic systems, storage systems, etc.:
1) Photovoltaic components: 24.8gw of the company ' s components in 2021, the second largest global output, 2021, arming operations dependent on a fully-funded subsidiary, nclave, and 1.8gw in 2021. Distributed system operations include Skye Rich (house distribution) and Skyline Blue Sky (business and industry).
(a) The introduction of the concept of the “original photovoltaic system” with the output volume at the highest level in the country. Station sales follow the “rolling development, rolling sales” model, including the sale of built/customized power plants and the transfer of equity in the joint development of power plants.
Smart energy business is an extension of corporate product and system operations, consisting mainly of photovoltaic power generation and transport, storage and smart solutions, and energy cloud platform operations.
1.2 Equity interests are highly concentrated, and equity incentives to bind core employee interests are highly concentrated.
In December 2020, the company released a draft equity incentive to award 30 million shares, or 1.45% of the total equity, to a restricted stock.
The circle (only 10 per cent of senior directors) is able to effectively mobilize the motivation of staff at all levels. 1.3 Performance is growing rapidly, with high R & D investment securing technology leading by 44.480 billion yuan in 2021, an increase of 51.2 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of 1.80 billion yuan for the mother.
The increase of 1.32.0.86 pct is due to the timely and favourable price of the components, the company ' s profitability has declined steadily and its R & D investment has increased steadily over the past few years. In 2021, the company ' s sales/management costs were 56.75% higher, of which 920 million were charged to R & D. Companies are actively building high-level R & D platforms and building them.
Headlineization, integration, higher barriers to component entry, a clear trend towards heading of component 2.1, and higher barriers to scale, as the photovoltaic industry has gradually increased its access to electricity at a global level in recent years and has grown into one.
After a mature industry of hundreds of billions of yuan/years in the end market, components have become, in a sense, the highest barriers to entry into the industrial chain. Barriers to components are derived from the productive power of the enterprise (including supply capacity, power generation efficiency, iterative speed, accumulation of research and development), historical supply performance, financial health, etc.
A combination of factors such as global channel layout, business management capacity, etc., is found in the following: Size: the end is a “big-to-big” pattern, and the trend towards concentration is to build high-scale barriers. As price trends develop, the share of large energy groups among component end-users rises to secure production.
Consistency of goods and stability of supply have led large energy groups to opt for large suppliers. In 2021, large overseas energy groups entered into large orders with head-assembly firms, such as the Crystal Dubai 1000mw and the Tensian Brazil 850mw.
Brands: Head assembly manufacturers receive high ratings based on combined capabilities to enhance single capacity. Photovoltaic power plants operate for more than 20 years, making the terminal customers/investors more likely to have priority financing for component enterprises with a high degree of business continuity and financial soundness.
Products: component technology upgrades at a speed, leading to a gap between the head enterprise and the product ' s ability to adapt. The technology of batteries and components has accelerated in recent years, with multiple mains, halfs, welding, large silicons, etc.
The N-type battery, among other things, increases the ability of head firms to obtain a single income with a leading product layout that allows them to enjoy a premium on the sale of high-efficiency products and higher profitability. Channels: markets and demand are becoming more fragmented, regional coverage, and overseas production can be decided by firms.
High volumes of goods and profitability. After luminous parities, end demand shows a “not bright west” trend, leading firms are globalized, multi-application marketing strategies will increase their resilience to wind and risk, and the layout of high overseas premium markets will generate excess profits for firms.
The early signing of the overseas market order reduces supply chain management pressure from overseas sales, keeping large-scale component suppliers open at a higher level and safeguarding relatively low production costs. Supply chain: the management of head enterprises is more forward-looking and ensures reliability of supply.
The price volatility of the chain, such as the 2020 glass and the 2021 silicon material, is evident. In the event of uneven supply and demand and volatile prices, head companies can secure the supply of raw materials through forward-looking supply chain management, such as long sheets, joint ventures with upstream firms, etc.
The supply of components is guaranteed and the market is raised. There is a clear trend towards head-to-headization of components. In recent years, driven by a sharp increase in the cost of raw materials, the component chain has accelerated head-to-head concentration, with a global component market of 73.8 per cent in 2021, an increase of 6.9 pct over the same period.
2.2 Integration smooths the risk of profit fluctuations and reduces the cost of production The single component chain is permanently at low profitability levels.
The period has been at a low profit margin level, particularly in the case of large price fluctuations in the industrial chain over the past two years, where a single component is at a disadvantage in safeguarding procurement and passing cost pressures, and where the profit margin has been reduced to almost negative levels.
▪ Integration cost advantages are evident, with the head component suppliers being integrated enterprises. Integrated component enterprises can save production costs by supplying silicon and battery tablets themselves, smoothing the profit risks associated with fluctuations in profits in the industrial chain, increasing the controllability of component costs and enjoying some bargaining power in case of shortages of raw materials.
A reasonable configuration of integrated production can guarantee high start rates in silicon, battery chains, and further reduce costs. Components are lightly asset-dependent, flexible to adjust and have negligible cost implications.
In the case of integrated enterprises, a reasonable planning of silicon, cellular capacity (generally 70-80%) based on component capacity can allow for a higher start-up rate even in the light season of demand.
3. Channels + brand dominance, deepening industrial layout to secure supply of 3.1 global front-line component brands, and accelerating the deployment of overseas production capacity
The global branding of first-line components has developed a stronger integrated branding effect. The combined branding effect of technology, product quality, market credibility, and marketing services is an important factor in the consideration of downstream customers for choosing a photovoltaic component supplier.
Value Component Brand, a global "Best Performance" component manufacturer who has been selected six times in a row by an international authoritative certification body, pvel, and the All-Small Steel Workers Series has succeeded in winning the highest and most authoritative global professional Red Point product design award.
• Well-established global distribution networks and channels. Companies have established more than 40 branches worldwide, with overseas sales workers accounting for more than 50% of sales teams and nearly 60 countries. In 2021, the share of corporate component revenues in China, Europe, the United States, Japan was 27.25%, 24.34%,
Figure 26: Number of countries covered by global distributors of mainstream component enterprises
In May 2021, 3gw batteries and 4.5gw components were built in Viet Nam, further increasing large-scale overseas layouts. The company is now in production in Thailand, when it will have well-developed silicon-cell-assembly capacity overseas to avoid trade.
3.2 The distribution ratio is high, and the increase in the prices of raw materials highlights the advantage of the channel The distribution pattern of components is divided into direct sales, distribution/distribution, with direct distribution models targeting mainly large surface stations and medium-sized and large business markets, and distribution models targeting small businesses and household markets.
▪ The trend in gross sales and distribution of components over the period 2020-2021 shows that, in 2021, silicon prices rose significantly, distributed projects were more resilient to the cost of the system than large power stations because of the “business/residential electricity” price anchoring, and could therefore increase prices/consistency in a timely manner.
Prices guarantee stability of the Māori rate; while large power stations need to be locked in advance and cost-sensitive, components are more dependent, Māori is more vulnerable to cost changes.
Capacity is crucial. The company had an earlier distributioner network layout, with a clear pre-emptive advantage. In 2021, it benefited from the outbreak of distributed markets, where distribution revenues grew at a rate of 155 per cent, distribution revenues at a rate of 39 per cent, and went beyond Lungi to become a domestic distribution component champion.
In 2021, when raw material prices rose significantly and silicon production was not available, the Māori rate for component operations fell by 2.5 pct on a year-on-year basis, after the 1.9 pct of Crystal (80% self-supply for silicon), showing a strong market-channel advantage.
3.3 Upwinding + a large quantity of long sheets to secure the supply of raw materials, increasing the trend towards the integration of the main industrial chain with the stabilization of photovoltaic mainstream process technology, the gradual flatening of cost curves, higher supply chain retroactive requirements in overseas markets, and the increased financial capacity of photovoltaic enterprises
It is clear that the price volatility of some raw materials in the last two years has also been a constant incentive for component firms to increase cost-controllability through “supply chain autonomy.” As former leaders of silicon, silicon, and relatively small configurations, companies have begun to move up-stream to produce more productively, and are expected to increase public power.
On 18 June, the company announced that it would invest 300,000 tons of annual production in the Xining Economic Technology Development Area, 150,000 tons of industrial silicon per annum, 35gw silicon per annum, and 10gw per annum.
The production line for slices, 10gw batteries produced annually, 10gw components produced annually, and 15gw accessories.
By the end of 2021, the company’s battery/assembly capacity was about 35/50gw, with no self-contained silicone.  silicon  battery  sufficient silicon, silicon, glass long sheets to secure the supply of raw materials.
A stable partnership to secure the supply of raw materials with sufficient long single locks at key points, such as silicon, silicon, light-voltage glass. It is also tied upstream through equity cooperation, where companies are involved in the production of 50,000 tons of silicon for the first two periods, 15 gw sticks in Sichuan plus slices and batteries.
3.4210 Component leads the "600w+" ecology, and new battery technology provides a differential advantage.
The “600w+ Product Innovation Open Ecology Alliance” was set up, along with a 210-top series of components containing 410w-670w power bands to achieve full coverage of the application landscape. By the end of 2021, the company's 210 dimensions represented more than 70 per cent.
Large-scale high-power components respond to the core needs of low-level electricity costs, and future city occupancy is expected to increase further in 2022 with the company ' s 210 rectangular silicon (g12r) component product to the Top Golden Kong and Top 550w series, different from the conventional square silicon, g12r silicon size of 210 mm*182mm.
For extension products based on 210 technology platforms, g12r products have the following main advantages: 1) cover more power slots and focus distributed markets: the original 210 components have a greater range of power slots and 210r products have more power arrays that can further enrich product varieties and contribute to market expansion, for example.
(c) Broadening the supplier system, securing the supply of raw materials and enhancing bargaining power: the original 210 dimensions
The limited supply of silicon tablets, which g12r products require, can be supplied by almost all silicon producers in the market, helping companies to expand the supply chain system, enhance supply chain stability, and enhance bargaining power.
Battery is in the process of being imported into a large-scale enterprise. The company has developed all types of battery technology for many years at depth and has a certain technological reserve. 1) Type ntopcon: 210 mm x 210 mm high-efficiency i-topcon electricity, developed autonomously by the company.
The maximum battery efficiency of the pool was 25.5%, creating a new world record of large-scale industrial N-silk-silicon cell efficiency. The company’s 8gwtopcon battery project, located in a residential area, will be officially launched in the second half of 2022.
2) hjt: The company has taken up the topic of the National 863 Project - “Mw Class Silica/Crystal Silicon Helium Console Critical Technology for Industrialisation of Solar Batteries”, which has now achieved 24% efficiency of the cell in hjt technology) ibc: the company's ibc battery and assembly have updated the world record several times, has been built to test lines in the battery, and has been built.
4. Policy support for the proliferation of distributed systems and the introduction of high-quality prototypes into the public mind, as well as for the rapid growth of distributed demand through the promotion of + electricity prices throughout the county
Households use the market to increase their demand at a significant rate. In 2021, we added a new photovoltaic power grid with a capacity of 54.88gw, an increase of 14 per cent in the same year, with a distribution of 29.28gw, an increase of more than 53 per cent, an increase of 89 per cent in the same year; the distribution centre used the market as the main vehicle for the installation of the aircraft, a proportion of the distribution assembly.
In June 2021, the National Energy Agency officially announced the launch of a pilot project for the development of a photovoltaic system for the distribution of roofs throughout the county (municipality and district) and the identification in September of 676 pilot sites for the promotion of a list of pilot sites for the promotion of a photovoltaic system throughout the country by the end of 2021.
Policy-supported companies and private companies have made significant efforts to develop their clients’ resources, popularizing new modes of cooperation, such as packaging, alternative development, and accelerating the development of distributed photovoltaics. Business and industry electricity prices have risen, energy consumption has become more controlled, and energy-intensive enterprises have become more motivated to build them.
Since December 2021, 29 provincial industrial and commercial electricity prices have risen between peaks and peaks, resulting in a marked increase in the cost of electricity in the energy-intensive and power-intensive sectors. The cost advantage of distributed photovoltaic power is clear, and can significantly reduce the cost of electricity in enterprises while reducing carbon dioxide emissions and meeting energy consumption targets.
The incentives for energy-intensive enterprises to invest in distributed light voltage have increased significantly. 4.2 households have jumped through market development, leading to high-quality prototypes, and distribution systems surged to 2.1gw in 2021.
The strategy, with 2.1gw from the company distribution system in 2021, is in the forefront of the industry. Under the company’s flag, the “By the Rich” series, the “By the Rich” series, is dominated by the business market, and the sales of the “Friends” from 2020 to 2021 are over 80%, expanding the operations of the company distribution system.
To contribute to the main effort. Focus on the market for households, the network of layout channels provides full life-cycle services. Toshio is the company’s first distributed photo-voltage brand, which builds product R&D, marketing, and installation.
An integrated system of post-sale, intelligent transport that provides home users with after-sale and remote transport services covering the entire life cycle of the product.
There are 1,500+ county distributors, 2000+ partners, and 17000+ township service points in the perimeter. The original model guarantees long-term stability of power generation: the company proposes a “old 4t standard”, i.e. a high-quality original package, hardware, professional original design, reliable original delivery and perfected original sale, original model
• A variety of financial models meet the needs of different clients: companies introduce three financial models, “full purchase”, “contract purchase”, “premise farm treasure”, which provide different investments for farmers at different levels of demand and payment
A revenue model that ensures a rapid growth in corporate sales while generating a steady inflow of revenues and brings wind to the sky: a focus on business markets, providing a variety of solutions for bapv, bipv. Corporate blue sky operations are responsible for branding, products, design, technical support, process quality control and energy intelligence.
Core building, such as cloud-capable service platforms, allows users to save on electricity costs or earn revenue through self-service, residuals, etc. The marketing model is based on direct marketing and distribution parallels. A marketing centre is being set up throughout the country to continuously expand the business distribution market.
Figure 50: Sky-Blue Business Photovoltaic System Specialized, fully automated, full-time video tracking
Professional engineers accurate detection of 286 hard-selected streams, painting, application of professional software.
The process is to ensure that the hardware is high, that each link is traceable, and that the packaging is measured by 3-e.
Simulate, achieve better hair, quality check, make sure the components are not hidden.
Multi-channel malfunction reports, uninterrupted year-round inspections and spot checks; strict control over construction
5. Stalking the silicon and large price hikes in 2021 led to a fall in the silicon. In 2018, the company acquired the Spanish track.
Some 2gw of the annual company track stand, which in 2021 was less affected than expected by the ground mounted, with only 1.8gw of the company stocked, and increased the share of the company stand, with 2022h2 ground power station installed, due to a sharp increase in commodity prices. The track stand is expected to be profitable from the cost.
At the end of the day, the price of steel, the main raw material for tracking the silos, has stabilized; at the end of demand, the release of silicon production capacity between the second half and next year will reduce the price of the components, while the accelerated construction of large domestic bases is expected to increase the affordability of the units, thus contributing to an increase in the capacity of the ground power station to install the plants.
Invented smart tracking systems that fully boost power generation gains. The company created the supertrack smart system, which calculates the best two-faced components in real time, depending on the weather state, starting with the optimal generation performance of the components.
An electrical angle that fully exploits the power potential of tracking the stubble. The supertrack puzzle consists of two core modules: a sta smart tracking algorithm to optimize high-dispersive irradiation weather: a technology that relies on the bi-sided irradiation model of mim patent, which allows for the maximum exposure of the components to both sides, depending on the weather state.
To ensure the generation of electricity while reducing the number and angle of stubble rotations and extending the electrical and sba smart reverse tracking algorithms to solve the barrier problems posed by complex terrain: sba optimized the recognition and tracking angle of complex positions and reduced the failure of the inverter mppt through decision-making models
Loss of quality, with maximum output power. Compared to conventional tracking algorithms, the supertrack smart method generated up to 3 to 8% of electricity, the copper-chancer-heads base actually generated 3.1% more electricity (approved through third-party cgc) and Jiangxi electricity.
Industrialized cost ring ratios in the 400mw project decreased by approximately $0.03/w.  Multi-product lines developed for different terrains with a large 210 mm component set-up: Antje 1p: fit all market mainstream components, and an electrical control system bill compared to the traditional single-row stand-up
The cost of the tiles has fallen by 30%; the racks are shorter, flexible, and apply to a narrower and irregular terrain. Pathfinder 1p: a 40% reduction in dynamic responses and increased product stability; a 100m + shelf length, applicable to a wide flat project area with larger sands.
Pathfinder 2p: Introduction of innovative multi-point-driven design, with a critical wind speed of up to 70 m/s, mainly applied to difficult geo-hard relative to stumping project areas, such as high staircase projects where agricultural light and fishing light complement each other.
In 2015, a storage company was set up to run a pre-scheduled energy market. In 2015, the Consort Energy Company Ltd. was formed to integrate the storage system and provide clients with a life-cycle energy storage system solution and storage system products.
In May 2022, the company successfully won the sand river 50mw/100mwh project, one of the largest new single-source storage projects in the country, providing mainly storage containers, storage of energy cells.
An overall solution to the storage system, which can transform current-up into a single warehouse and ems management system. Overseas storage operations are dominated by the United Kingdom, the United States, and the Australian market and have completed the delivery and acceptance of the first major independent storage power plant in the United Kingdom (50mw/56.2mwh); and self-research and development households.
The storage battery system became the first autonomous brand in China to obtain a Japanese jet certificate.
In 2019, the Jiangsu Tinhui Lithite Battery Company was set up in the Changzhou Golden Plateau with Peng Fui Energy and now has 2gwhh lithium phosphate cores, storage modules, storage container systems integrated into integrated production lines to protect the steady delivery of energy products.
On 7 June 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Energy Agency issued a circular on the promotion of new storage capacities for participation in the electricity market and the use of the power grid, specifying that independent storage power plants that send electricity to the grid will not receive the corresponding charge.
Transfer and distribution prices and government funds and additions will result in a significant increase in the rate of return for independent domestic storage projects, and a rapid increase in the size of the domestic bidding process for independent storage projects. The price differentials in the domestic peaks are widening, and the economics of the business savings are evident.
The Commission issued a Circular on the Further Improvement of the Timetime Prices Mechanism, which requires peak prices to be no less than 3:1 and peak prices to be at least +20 per cent based on peak prices. Currently average domestic business prices are 0.66 - 0.69 yuan/kwh, at ~50 per cent of peak prices, depending on the ratio of peak prices to peak prices.
On the basis of the +25 per cent measure, the maximum difference in the price of the peak can be 0.86 - 0.9/kwh. Compared to the current average domestic storage power cost of 0.5 - 0.6/kwh, the economic nature of the industrial and commercial storage is becoming increasingly evident, with the market, where companies are able to deliver 200 mwh, of which the domestic output is 115 mwh, entering the top ten for the first time.
The year 2022 was a year of massive roll-out of company reserves, and according to financial reports, this year ' s total stock was five times as high as last year ' s, and the actual order volume was eight times as high as last year ' s, and the company is expected to be able to deliver 1 to 1.5 gwh this year.
7. Profit predictions and investment proposals
240/320/400gw, respectively, promotes a high growth in demand for components. By the end of 2021, the company’s photovoltaic component produced 50gw, and by the end of 2022 is expected to rise to 65gw, as the component market reaches 43, 62 and 87gw, respectively.
Māori ratio: Upstream raw material prices continued to rise in 2022, with a steady increase in corporate component single-watt profits expected as future silicon production capacity rises to 210-n-type products, distributed systems: corporate distribution is expected to rise in 2022-2024 as the whole county moves forward with policy momentum
Reservation system products: The company ' s storage energy products were mainly used in medium- and large-scale applications, and with the production of silicon products in 2023, the Māori ratio under the scale effect was expected to rise to a tracker support business: in 2021, influenced by the sharp rise in the prices of silicon and bulk commodities, the company and the company were expected to increase their output to 1, 4 and 7gwh, respectively.
With the start-up of the 2022h2 earth station, the cost rate of the company's operations is assumed to be a gradual decline in the company's sales/management costs as income scale increases, and we use the pe valuation method to select three components: Lungi Green Energy, Crystal and Crystal Energy.
In 2022-2024, the average of three comparable companies, as comparable companies, increased demand for high-profile components in the photovoltaic sector, continued to rise in the head-assembly business market, and the firm ' s apparent edge in the end-way, with an increase in the upstream layout and large-sized share of goods going to consolidate the company ' s costs.
Risks of deterioration in the international trade environment: As the proportion of photovoltaics in the energy structure of countries continues to rise, China, as a unique presence in the field of photovoltaic manufacturing, may still face more stringent trade barriers in other countries (although such barriers may lead to an increase in the cost of using clean energy in the country).
The recurrent risk of global economic recovery is lower than expected: the negative impact of the epidemic on the demand for electricity and its rate of increase is higher than expected, resulting in the engine not being sufficient to sustain the rapid growth of demand, even if the cost of photovoltaics has been reduced significantly and becomes the cheapest source of power.
Risks of irrational expansion of industrial capacity: In the context of a clear double carbon target, the expansion of the photovoltaic sector has accelerated markedly, with signs of re-entry of large amounts of cross-border capital, which may result in some of the risks of deterioration in the current stage of competitive patterns and profitability.
▪ New technologies are not as advanced as expected: company-n component products are still being developed, and if new technology development is not as advanced as expected, this may lead to less than expected improvements in corporate profitability. ▪ RMB currency exchange rate volatility risk: more than 60% of corporate revenue comes from overseas areas, if exchange rates occur
Large fluctuations may result in higher exchange losses for the company, resulting in lower net profit performance than the relevant report rating ratio analysis in the market, which indicates that:
Click here to enter text.