The famous component leader, the N-era super-integrated layout, and the research assistant, Goo Ya-man, 13th of July, 2022.
The company was founded in 1997 and was listed by the United States in 2006 and returned to a in 2020. The company, based on the component, entered the downstream market through co-op/rich/Blue Sky, hoping to be stored in the future.
The company focuses on research and development, with an investment of $12 billion in 2010-2021, cumulatively applying for more than 2,300 patents, leading to excellence in research and development.
Barriers, accelerated concentration, we expect components to reach 70% + in 2022. Going forward, a continuous drop is a key element of industry development: 1) n-type technology leads to efficiency gains in transformation, different technology routes diversified, more than production in 2022; 2) component integration trends are clear, with homogenous sub-products.
There are differences in competition between market structures, export structures, and so on. In 2022-2023, silicon production energy was released, prices fell, stimulus was required, and the cost of the components was gradually reduced, leading profits could be increased by 1-2 points/w, and the industry would enjoy a double gain. We expect global photovoltaics to reach 240-250gw in 2022, an increase of about 40%.
▪ Multi-lined and future opportunities: 1) The share of external sales of components is high, and brand channels are strongly superior. For many years, companies have been farming overseas, distribution pre-winding, with 60% of overseas market revenues in 2021, enjoying high-end market premiums. The quality of the company’s products is highly recognized downstream, financing is at the top of the list, and we have built deep brand channels.
The company is expected to deliver 43gw in 2022, an increase of about 73%. 2) System products are like fire. The company offers a full range of models of cooperation and a full set of original solutions, with a wide audience and a high profile, while channel coverage and market size continue to be a leading industry. We expect the company to deliver 5gw+ in 2022.
We expect the price of 2022 silicon to fall, the price of the parity project to be large, and the light reserve to be synergized blue sea. The economic trap has reached a trillion market wide. The company is working together to build an integrated chain of storage capacity, with a steady increase in product coverage, a sufficient number of projects in hand, and is now well established in overseas markets.
A breakthrough in scale, thanks to corporate brand-channel advantages, light storage synergies, and the future.  Large-sized, N-type industry leads the way in building a highly integrated industrial chain: companies are pioneers in large-sized components, Trina (688599): strategic expansion.
The platform, which started with a 210r series, has increased its power efficiency. The company's n-type technology continues to lead, and has played a lot of push-ups, code-n-type integration sheets, breaking the world record, and moving the 8gwtopcon battery capacity program, 2022h2, with a 24.5 per cent yield efficiency.
At the same time, in order to lead technological advances of the n type, the strategic layout is super-integrated and extends upstream to industrial silicon rings, trans-vestites the entire industrial chain, stabilizes supply and has significant cost advantages!
The layout is integrated, open and cooperative, leading n deep-dwelling, large-scale and top-notch totopcon technology, while at the same time being the first industry-wide integrated whole-of-business integration.
1.1. The famous components head backa, leading the global energy Internet, that is, the Integrated Photovoluntellor Head Company, which is the leading industry company with three main components: photovoltaic products, photovoltaic systems, and smart energy. The company was established in 1997 and updated the world ' s record of components and batteries from 2014 to 2020.
The 2014 - 2015 component volume was the world's first in number, and the 2017 - 2021 component volume remained the world's third in five consecutive years. The company's development strategy can be summarized as “three steps”: (1) The Sky is 1.0 Age: The world's leading component manufacturer: the company cut from photovoltaic components in 1997 - 2006
Entering, gradually beginning the process of internationalization, extending the distribution network to all parts of the globe. (2) Age of Acid 2.0: The world ' s leading provider of the overall solar programme: from 2007 to 2016, the company expanded its field of operations in parallel with the sale of large-scale components, moving towards downstream power stations and systems operations.)
The power station operations are opened through the pepc project and the competitive pilot project. (2) Household + business distribution: companies have been able to distribute household and business distribution projects through the rich and the blue sky respectively. (3) Skywork 3.0: Leading leaders in global energy grids: the corporate landscape has expanded further since 2017.
Figure 1: The company’s three-step strategy, gradually turning into a global product network leader, with a clear and stable equity structure. The firm’s real control is high-profile, real-time controlr and consistent actioner Wu Chun-hyang-hyang.
With 34.47% of shares held in listed companies, Gokifan owns 16.41% of the shares directly.
The company’s main business is photovoltaic products, photovoltaic systems, smart energy. The company is a leading global provider of a global package of smart photovoltaic energy solutions, mainly photovoltaic products, photovoltaic systems, smart energy, and three large plates. Photovoltaic products include the development, production and sale of single crystallized silicon-based photovoltaic components; and photovoltaic systems include systems production.
The company began to cut into the photovoltaic track in 1997, with the main camp, which collected $34.4 billion in 2021, or 77 per cent, as a major contribution to the company’s performance. Photovoltaic system operations began to expand gradually in 2017, mainly to produce system products.
In 2021, 8.6 billion yuan, or 18 per cent, were collected in power stations. Smart energy began to be released, mainly as photovoltaic power carriers, smart micronets, and multi-energy systems, accounting for 10.0 billion yuan, or only 2 per cent, in 2021. In terms of profitability, 12.4 per cent of light-voltage component operations in 2021 were affected by higher prices of upstream raw materials; intelligent energy was slightly reduced;
Source business Mäori 53.1% and photovoltaic system 14.8%
Company receipts and deliveries will continue the current pattern and maintain high growth. Figure 11: Steady growth in the output of company components (gw, %) Corporate systems operations are dominated by power station operations and systems products operations. 1) Station operations: companies pass through the epc
The project with the pilot has accumulated a wealth of experience in the construction of power stations, such as 90mw in Tokson, Xinjiang, and the Kurokawa City Runner Project, etc.) System product operations: company photovoltaic system products are divided into large photovoltaic station system products, commercial photovoltaic system products and household photovoltaic system products.
The company's smart energy business is dominated by photovoltaic power generation and wiring, smart microgrids and multi-energy systems. 1) Photovoltaic energy and wiring: Photovoltaic power operations are mainly concerned with the sale of large ground and distributed photovoltaic power stations for power generation, and the daily operation of photovoltaic power stations provides maintenance services. 2) Corporate smart micro-grid and multi-energy systems operations include high-level operations.
Lithium battery storage systems, electrical electronics, smart micronet solutions, etc. 1.4. Focus on R & D, companies that are very productive and have a significant number of patents.
Since the end of 2021, companies had received a total of 988 patents, including 326 patents for inventions, 569 patents for practical new applications and 25 patents for designs.
In cutting-edge R & D, 24 breakthroughs or world record-making have led to technological change in the industry. The most recent World Chronicle was on 5 July 2022, when companies took the lead on a large area of 210 batteries on the production line, with a maximum efficiency of 24.5%, showing the continued leadership of 210perc battery production technology, which was the company’s 24th creation and updating of the world record.
The new cycle of photovoltaic parities, accelerated concentration of components 2.1. Global parities, the stars, the sea and the photovoltaic industry, with both clean and economic attributes, are growing rapidly. As countries increasingly focus on environmental protection,
The era of parity began with a 55% increase in domestic demand of 85-95gw in 2022. The system of “1+n” policies was formally established in 2021, with a clear core path of 2060 carbon at a peak of 2030, supported by wind and light bases and energy consumption.
In 2022, the Internet prices of newly approved projects directly matched the price of coal-fired poles, and in 2022 we projected a domestic build-up of 85-95gw, an increase of 55% over the same year, with distributed photovoltaic economies, high household returns, new business models opening up distributed long-term market space, and I
The country’s distributed market demand is expected to be around 50gw in 2022. The rise in overseas electricity prices and the oscillation of the photovoltaic economy further highlight the fact that in 2022 we expect overseas demand for 150-160gw, traditional energy prices rise, high electricity prices abroad stimulate carbon neutrality and acceleration, and the European Commission announces renewable energy in 2030.
The total source target has been raised from 40% to 45%; the United States exempts four countries in South-East Asia from photovoltaic import duties for two years, has put in place policies to support the development of the exhibition, and the US needs have been quickly repaired. We expect to install 150-160gw overseas in 2022, which is 30% plus global installed.
With the arrival of excellent and photovoltaic global parities, costs are still falling rapidly and matching storage capacity is growing, and photovoltaics will grow from ancillary energy sources to a major energy source, providing vast incremental space for the industry. On a global scale, we expect 485gw light volts to be installed in 2025, and 1400gw light volts to be installed in 2030.
2.2. The concentration of components accelerates, brands and channels build protected river brands, channels build component industry barriers, and the elite are strong. The quality and lifetime of the components determine the length of photovoltaic use, which in turn affects the generation benefits of photovoltaic systems. Therefore, downstream customers focus very much on the branding of the components and on the assembly plants.
Business demands are increasing. In the ground power station market, the old leader has been settling and accumulating for almost 10 years. In terms of the number of countries covered by overseas channels, the number of channels and the number of cases of installation of customers, the old component has been competing with the leading crystals, Skye, Artes, Hanhua, Jing Oo, and in the distributed market, the component face-to-face distributors/installations have the capacity to eliminate it.
Cost attributes, establishment of channels and branding are a long process, which has led to the formation of a moat for the component industry. Component industry concentration has gradually increased, reaching 70% + in 2022. Component industry concentration has increased rapidly in recent years, affected by the epidemic, the shortage of silicon in 2021, accelerated industrial integration and phase-out, and the city of Cr5 is fast-growing.
Up to 62 per cent, we expect the top five taps in the 2022 module to be more than 200gw, with Lungi 50-headings, photovoltaic components coming in the top three in five consecutive years from 2017 to 2021, second in 2021, and components having advantages.
Continued innovation and cost optimization are the guarantee of stability for future industry development. The introduction of photovoltaics into full parity in 2021, the strong branding and channel advantages of the first four components, integrated layouts, new technological developments, and offshore/distribution sales, have become the core differences between leading companies.
Integration trends are clear, and there are differences in competition under homogenous products. Integration rates for component companies can determine costs. Increased integration is one way to reduce the end of the component.
The rate of conversion can determine the cost, while overseas exports, large sizes, distributions, and the share of new technologies affect the price of products. Components, as standardized products at the end of photovoltaic manufacturing, have a certain homogeneity. But, under relatively homogenous products, industry leads are unique, competitions exist, and overseas exports, large sizes, distribution, and new technologies tend to be more available.
Price advantage. Large-scale sky-changes are the fastest and distribution is the highest. Figure 23: Component taps overseas (gw, %) Figure 22: Component taps production and integration ratio (gw, %)
Component capacity (gw) Attez Figure 24: Distribution of old component taps in excess of 30% (gw, %)
Figure 25: Large-scale cargo planning for component taps (%) Overseas markets are less sensitive to component prices and high product quality requirements. According to Woodmackenzie data, 20221 American households use photovoltaic systems, industrial photovoltaic systems, ground power stations (fixed shelves) and ground power stations (tracking)
The initial investment cost is US$ 3.09/w, US$ 1.64/w, US$ 0.85/w and US$ 1.01/w, respectively, while, according to the cpia study, the initial full investment in our ground-based and business-distributed photovoltaic systems in 2021 was only US$ 0.64/w and US$ 0.58/w (converted to US$ 1:6.4633).
The initial investment is large, non-component costs are high, and distributed system channels are more expensive (about 43 per cent for households and 27 per cent for businesses). As a result, higher-end overseas markets are less sensitive to component prices, but require higher product performance, quality and profitability, while also receiving higher premium for high-performance products.
P-type efficiency is close to the upper limit, and technological routes such as hetogenesis (hjt), topcon, ibc, etc. are accelerating. The world-wide battery line is currently based on perc technology, with a market share of more than 90%, but P-type single crystal perc battery product output is more than 23%, close to the technology limit.
High, and the market is still low. Continuous validation of n-type technologies, successive breakthroughs in production techniques by firms, and large-scale manufacture import periods for n-type technologies show technological diversification in the market, represented by p-type single crystal perc batteries, and technology diversification, such as topcon, hjt, and ibc.
2.4. The component industry has experienced a double increase in the volume of profits. Right. Supermarkets expect further increases in profitability: 1) component orders are made ahead of schedule, silicon prices are reduced faster than the group, and components can increase profits by 1-2 cents/w in the silicon price reduction process; 2) N product sales are higher, and we anticipate an increase in sales.
The N-type has a 5-10-cent premium, resulting in a profit-making structural improvement; 3) an increase in the integration rate of component enterprises, opening up 3. Brand channels has significant advantages, multi-businesses and synergies 3.1. Globalization has a high overseas share, and brand channels have significant advantages
The company is one of the first components of the global layout. Since the global layout in 2005, well-established distribution networks and channels have been established globally, with companies operating eight global zones.
Field headquarters: China’s Changzhou Global Headquarters & Construction Base, China’s Shanghai International Headquarters, the United States of America’s Filimont (Silicon Valley), Emirates Dubai, Zurich, Switzerland, Tokyo, Japan, and Singapore; product operations cover more than 100 countries and territories. The company’s components have received heavy prizes, brand names, financing, and product quality advantages.
In order to guarantee the return on investment throughout its life cycle, large energy agencies are more likely to bind large-scale suppliers to ensure that products are served and sold. The company component receives a number of heavy-pound awards and, in terms of financingability, Skylight receives the highest rating of 2022q2 pvtechaa with absolute advantages.
The global financial markets and the solar energy industry are confident in the innovation, reliability, stability, etc. of a series of products under the corporate umbrella, which makes it easier for project openers to access bank financing, which is among the top providers of financing.
For seven years, the manufacturer of the global "best perform" component was evaluated, and for three years in a row, the "best performer" award was awarded for the manufacture of the retc component. It featured prominently in the production performance, product reliability and product quality tests, highlighting the company's excellent product performance and brand power.
3.1.2. The global distribution of production and sales, with a high share of overseas exports, is the product ' s full market + full-scale conglomerate, which for many years has been deep-deep in the overseas market. Market patterns tend to be concentrated in 2021, with integrated manufacturers highlighting the company ' s 24.8gw output in 2021, the second largest in the component industry, with a market share of about 12.3 per cent.
After Lungi (19.1%). The company’s long-term deep-ploughing advantage markets abroad, as well as its forward-looking distribution markets, have gradually become about 17.4gw annually for component exports, with the city accounting for about 13.1%, the second highest rate. The company’s share of overseas revenues was high, and overseas sales of components were priced in China in 2021, resulting in a high Māori rate. Most of the company’s components are produced domestically, with the cost of internal sales.
The price premium for overseas components is significantly higher than for domestic sales. The average premium for overseas components is about 13% for offshore components in 2016-2021 and 1.70/w, 1.48/w for domestic components in 2021.
Overseas channel layout: the company has a leading number of overseas channels, with clear channel advantages. Corporate owners were selling Europe and the United States in 2016-2021. Europe accounted for 33% of the total sales in 2021 and the United States for 19%.
High-end markets are significant, with two major markets together accounting for 52% of the total. Thanks to the company’s years of deep farming abroad, overseas channels have been widely distributed, overseas channels cover 57 countries, there are 312 channels, overseas installation cases have reached 1,786, at the level of first-line component manufacturers, high customer recognition, and there is a clear advantage in high-end overseas market channels.
The U.S. exports of domestic components are mostly produced and exported through South-East Asia, the first photovoltaic enterprises to do overseas production, with 6gw batteries and assembly capacity in South-East Asia. The U.S. recently opened a counter-circumvention investigation into South-East Asian component companies, which has been waived for almost two years.
Tariffs, with longer-term risks for component manufacturers with South-East Asian silicone/cell/assembly integrated capacity, accelerated the improvement of overseas production in 2022, and plans to complete the expansion of Vietnamese silicon 6.5gw by the end of 2022 to achieve the full integration of overseas silicon 6.5gw/ battery 6gw/assembly 6gw, with overseas production capabilities in the old core.
3.1.3. The distribution market is pre-arranged, with distribution outlets occupying the first pre-arranged distribution market in the industry, and strong efforts are made to build distribution networks. Companies use distribution modes mainly for small businesses and components of the household market.
By now, well-established components distribution networks have been set up, with channels in the global core distributed market. The distribution model has been widely promoted, reducing the time it takes to build teams, storehouses, post-sales, etc.
The distribution revenues rose from year to year, with the distribution of goods ranked first in 2021. The company ' s distribution revenues in 2021 were $17 billion, 3.2 per cent in beneficial distribution, and the system ' s products were on fire.
In 2016h2 and 2017, companies entered the distributed business and household markets, offering cooperative co-construction, financing support, and self-building, respectively.
In China, Australia, and India, channel coverage continues to be in the forefront. In line with the company’s strategy of developing areas of excellence under integrated conditions, priority is given to areas with higher prices in the North, North and North, with 2022h2-2023 expected to begin.
The company’s distributors are mainly household distributors, and the significant decline in 2018 was mainly influenced by the “531” policy, with some dealers terminating their collaboration with the company depending on the circumstances of the operation. Since distribution systems require installation services, households are installed for a period of 1-2 weeks/team, and a team is installed for a minimum of three months, thus creating channels and dealers.
Teamwork is a long process, and the size and quality of the distributor's team directly influence the delivery space. The company now owns 1,000+ product dealers in quality systems, 15000+ in townships, all of which are industry leaders, with clear channel advantages.
The company has 10,000 + professional service engineers who will be able to offer their services within 30 minutes of the problem, 72 hours of closed loops, fully safeguarding the rights of users.
In 2021, 50% of the company ' s products were collected in a co-construction model, which was launched in November 2021, and the company launched the co-construction model in November 2021.
In 2021, the company distribution system exceeded 2gw, accumulated more than 200,000 customers, and in 2022 we expected the company distribution system to deliver 5gw+, an increase of 138%+.
Figure 49: Higher output of company distributed systems (gw, %) 3.3. Component silos are combined to march into the Blue Sea market. Global tracking stubbles continued on a high scale in 2021, with low penetration in the domestic market. According to Wood
Mackenzie data show that the volume of global tracking supports in 2021 amounted to 56.3gw, an increase of 27 per cent, with North America being the largest market, accounting for more than half of global demand on an annual basis. In 2019-2021, the combined share of global tracking support markets in the three major regions of North America, Latin America and Europe was about 70 per cent.
The price of materials rose, the outbreak-impact project began to work, and the tracking frame penetration rate was about 6%, a decrease of 0.785 pct, a decrease in the same year, and the ratio of the counters was about 3.3gw, a low penetration rate. The tracking shelf industry has a large space, with a larger penetration rate.
An increase of 10% in power generation (as in the case of type II light zones), leading to an increase of 1.5% to 2% of the Irrr. The domestic wind and light base has increased its acceptance of the tracking supports, and we expect a 50% penetration rate of the tracking feeder for the global terrestrial power station in 2022, corresponding to an increase of about 90gw, or 87%.
Euro-American firms now occupy the top four markets, and the pattern is stable, with overseas producers relying on mature solutions to create certain user habits. Cr4 accounted for 63% in 2021.
American companies nickracker and araytechnologies are the top two. We expect the Chinese companies to be ranked seventh, eighth and eleventh in 2021, with cities accounting for 4%, 3%, and 2%, respectively, with a larger future national production replacement space.
Empirical maturity, high value for money, accelerated movement of Chinese enterprises into the sea by Hinbo, Tenclaynnclave and Jinchang technology, with market share rates as shown in figure 52: Tracking the forecast of competition patterns in the supporting industries in 2021 (gw by export, gw) and figure 53: tracking the forecast of competition patterns in the supporting industries in 2022 (gw by export, gw)
Following the firm’s full acquisition of nclave, the group’s resource advantage will be used to further reduce procurement and manufacturing costs and increase market share; technological aspects, companies applying smart algorithms (sta, sba), multi-source data, software platforms, etc., combined with tracking system software and software.
Hardware is integrated and creatively developed to fully exploit the power generation potential of tracking stubbles. The empirical data show that a smart tracking system with more traditional tracking stubbles can increase average annual power generation by 2-4%, leading to an increase of about 0.4% of the rirr.
Given the triple advantage of the Group’s resources, technology, and channels, it is expected that the operation will catch up with top companies such as Sino-Portal and Nexitracker. The company’s build-up has fallen slightly, and the cost of carrying the Maori rate has fallen.
The company began production of fixed staircases in 2021h2, and the GPP project began on a large scale in 2021, adding steel to high prices and making a profit or will gradually be repaired.
Overseas markets have taken the lead, and public projects have responded to household demand. High overseas electricity prices, volatile power supply, high demand for self-loading, intense domestic stimulus, forced storage, and rapid growth in storage demand in recent years. New global electrical and chemical storage capacity of 10.1gw in 2021, equivalent to 113.2%, with a cumulative load of 24.3gw.
70.1%. Global storage markets are booming, with hundreds of millions of blue seas attracting more new entrants, and we believe that core barriers are emerging in technology and channels, and industry patterns are emerging. Figure 57: Cumulative load size of global and Chinese electrochemical reserves (mw)
Figure 58: The global electrical and chemical storage can aggregate the capacity of a storage facility with a "chill" and be configured to build a vertically integrated storage chain. In May 2019, the company (49% shareholding) joined forces with Peng Shui to set up Jiang Tianhui Lithium Battery Company Ltd. to plan for an integrated storage capacity of over 10 gwh
The company has now formed a 2gwhh phosphate lithium core, storage module production line, storage container system integration line with bms/ems/pcs production capacity. On the technology reserve, the company has formed an independent R & D team of more than 100 people and has now completed the development of technologies such as 150ah, 280ah, and 1500v system storage transformers.
In 2021, the co-op will be able to add a new shipping energy system in our country, approximately 115 mwh, which will be the first to enter the industry. In 2022, the co-ops will be able to sustain their strength, with a green power of 500 mw + 50mw/100mwh + storage power project in the mid-point sand river in May, bringing to 5 gwh to date the hand-held global storage energy reserve project.
The new energy-side, user-side, grid-side and microgrid-side storage solutions have been deployed, and product coverage continues to be abundant, driving self-research products to enter the market. Companies are actively seized of market opportunities where the demand for overseas storage can grow rapidly, making full use of the advantages of global branding channels, the size of the global layout, and the ability of light storage to synergize in the future.
4.n-type, industrial chain-building advantage 4.1. Large-scale industry leads, 210 r re-enhanced. Large sizes have been mainstreamed, driving photovoltaic industry mitigation efficiency.
Downstream recognition is increasing, and large sizes have become a necessary trend in the light-voltage industry. Large-scale advantages: 1) silicon tablets - battery - assembly end, reducing the cost of single watts of non-silicon; 2) assembly - power end, reducing the cost of bos. Larger size increases output from silicon, batteries, components to power stations, which is equivalent to amortization of parts of labour, depreciation, etc.
Cost inputs such as water and electricity, construction, etc. After 2020, most of the new production capacity in the head enterprises was large. According to the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, the proportion of large-scale products increased in 2021 from 4.5% in 2020 to 45%, with an increase of about 40 pct, and our large-sized component pioneers maintained a high capacity of 210 products.
At the end of 2021, the company's battery capacity reached 35gw by the end of the year.
Component capacity is 50 gw, of which 210 dimensions represent more than 70%. The company plans to produce 50 gw per annum by the end of 2022 and 65 gw per annum by the end of 2022, with a further increase in the ratio of 210 dimensions.
Figure 63: The company ' s large-sized components produce the best production structure (gw) and enjoy the full benefits of the industry dividend. In 2021, the total volume of the coronation energy component was 24.8gw, deep-cultivated 210mm-sized super-power "Supreme" product series, and the large-sized components were fully delivered.
In 2021, a total of 87gw was delivered by 182&210 inches of components, according to the overall situation of domestic component suppliers. Of these, 210 shipments were planned as high as 16gw, the largest producer of domestic component suppliers, accounting for 65% of their total delivery plans, the best export structure industry, and full enjoyment.
Based on 210 mm silicon-sized silicon-sized silicon-sized silicon-sized silicon-sized silicon-sized silicon-sized high-power component products were launched in 2020, leading the photovoltaic component industry into the 600w+ age, and led to the creation of the 600w+photo-open eco-coalition alliance, which promotes 210 dimensions of the whole industry chain.
During the same year, after the ground power station, the distribution was fully upgraded to 410w, opening a new era of distributed components 410w super-power. At present, the company’s dominant series of super-power components cover the application landscape, covering large ground power stations, large business roofs, and residential roofs, with full area coverage.
The deep-deep sub-market, 210 r, is once again home-grown. Since April 2022, with the release of the Trina 210r to the Top Series, with its higher power and lower power costs, the whole new upgrade of the Top Series has generated a strong response from the overseas distributed market and has been widely recognized by its clients.
The components have not only continued the industry leading technology of the bmb multifast, non-destructive cutting and high-density envelopes, but have also adopted a new generation of 210 r silicon cell technology and innovative component designs, based on a re-upgrading of the 210-upgrading technology platform with a single component power up to 30w.
580w, with a maximum component efficiency of 21.8%, has a significant power advantage in the same layout in the overseas distributed market. On June 22, 2022, the first 210r-top components were officially produced at the 210 U-T-U super plant. 210r series of new products are expected to produce 10gw by the end of 2022 and 20gw+ by 2023, and the Tianco will be produced according to the city.
Growing demand from field clients rapidly boosts supply capacity. 4.2.n technology industry leads, Topcon moves to the perc near the efficiency limit, and Topcon replaces it. p monocrystal perc battery is the dominant market at this stage.
Select, yield efficiency has exceeded 23%. But as efficiency approaches the theoretical limit, the conversion from the p to the n model has become definitive. Topcon is more cost-effective than hjt in the n model, with the same efficiency, the cost of the Topcon battery is 0.17 dollars less than the hjt battery. In addition, topcon is more compatible with the current perc line.
The upgrading of the original production line would reduce the initial investment compared to the need to rebuild the production line at hjt. The N battery technology industry is leading, breaking the world record several times. The company continues to lead the industrial efficiency of the n-i-topcon battery production, with the laboratory producing 210 mm x 210 mm high-efficiency i-topcon batteries with maximum efficiency.
By 25.42 per cent, the results provided a new direction for upgrading the efficiency of the quantity battery through a test certification by the German Isfhcallab. New 210 mm large-sized i-topcon test line with an average output efficiency of 24.5 per cent and a maximum experimental batch of 25 per cent, with a maximum battery efficiency of 25.5 per cent and a large next-generation i-topcon battery rule.
The construction of the topcon capacity is nearing completion and is scheduled to start production in the second half of 2022. The company ' s 8gw topcon battery project was launched in April 2022 and will be completed in the third quarter of 2022, with topcon production efficiency.
24.5%, which is significantly higher than perc, while the cost of integration is flat perc, can fully benefit from the high premium of new technologies. In addition, in 2022, all battery taps, such as Crystal, Crystal and China, had a topcon expansion plan of over 5gw, and specialized totemc manufacturers had a topcon upgrade space, which is expected to be achieved by 2022.
The company has taken the lead in completing the full certification of the 210hjt component within the industry. While creating the Topcon efficiency logs, it has also developed a corresponding reserve of cutting-edge solar cell technology, such as heterolysis, ibc, and thorium stacking, and has completed the preparation of a battery laboratory to lay the groundwork for the next three to five years of hjt technical research.
The Division ' s annual report, 2021, revealed that the efficiency of the company ' s production of silicon/silicon layers of solar batteries is more than 29%. 4.3. Super-integrated strategic expansion, which cuts across the entire industrial chain, highlights the strategic layout of the n-type integrated production capacity.
The first phase is the construction of a production line for 100,000 tons of industrial silicon per year, 50,000 tons of high pure polysilica per year, 20gw single silicon per year, 5gw slices per year, 5gw batteries per year, 5gw clusters per year, and 7.5gw components, and their supporting infrastructure, scheduled to be completed by the end of 2023.
Paragraph: Construction of production lines for industrial silicon with an annual output of 200,000 tons, a yearly production of 100,000 tons of high pure polysilica, an annual production of 15gw single crystal silicon, an annual production of 5gw slices, an annual production of 5gw batteries, an annual production of 5gw components and ancillary materials for 7.5gw components and their accompanying infrastructure, scheduled to be completed by the end of 2025.
This project, which locates the production of n-210/r products, is designed to lead to technological advances of n. The current company ' s 500mw Topcon experiment is well under way, with 8gwtopcon planned for production in the second half of 2022, leading to a profit-making structural upswing and a forward-winding of the company to facilitate technological transformation of n.
Tianjin Industries Park is located in Qinghai Seining, 1) the electricity supply is stable and the price of electricity is closer to the price of the insider, and the zero-carbon power advantage is more pronounced; 2) close to high-quality quartz and sand resources, with significant cost advantages, to ensure low-cost production; 3) current land and energy consumption targets and related talent are ready.
With a clearer source path and an effective response to wro abroad, we can move to the global market in a more proactive manner.
In addition, up to the industrial silicon chain, in collaboration with other suppliers, the company expanded its output to industrial silicon, down to components and accessories, which enabled it to connect the entire industry chain. It also focused on industrial silicon, silicon, and punctuated capacity.
This self-constructed part of the process is a N-type technology route, which helps to improve the company’s competitive position in the n-tech industry and optimize the overall layout of the industrial chain up and down. By the end of 2023, we expect that the self-supply ratio of the industrial silicon/silicon/silicon will rise to 41 per cent/42/49 per cent, respectively, and that the firm will be able to control the end of the industrial chain when it fluctuates.
5. Profit forecasting and investment proposals take into account the high demand for global photovoltaics in the context of energy transformation and the fact that companies have accumulated good goods in the global market.
We expect: (1) solar component operations: expected sales of solar components in 2022/2023/2024, we give each of the components a 30%, 30%, 20%, and 20% of the power of the Lungi green energy.
As shown in the figure below, the weighted average value is 26 times greater than the value of the company ' s 2023 dynamic pe. Considering that the company ' s brand and channel are thick, its large size and topcon technology lead, and the first enterprise in the industry to expand production across an integrated whole chain, we give the company 30 xpe in 2023.
1. Increased competition. There are more competitors in the photovoltaic component, silicon sector, and the expansion of production capacity will have an impact on the profitability of companies if competition increases further. 2) The photovoltaic policy changes are expected. The internal distribution is still in the early stages of rapid development, with the introduction of pilot policies,
Implementation, location and location have a greater impact on distributed markets, and if pilot policies are not advanced as expected, corporate business will not expand as expected: a large proportion of corporate products are exported, subject to geopolitical, economic and other influences from overseas, and the growth of overseas sales is uncertain, thus affecting corporate performance.
Three financial forecasting tables for Trinity, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, have been prepared for the Securities Investment Advisory Board.