The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: the company released its first quarterly report in 2022 and realized operating income of 48,678 million yuan in the first quarter of 2022.
At the beginning of 2021, the price of lithium carbonate was less than $50,000 per ton, and by the end of 2021, the theoretical cost of lithium carbonate batteries would increase by 0.16/wh per phosphorus 1gwh per year.
550 tonnes of lithium carbonate, corresponding to an increase of $ 0.14/wh per wh battery for the whole year 2021. By 2022, q1, lithium carbonate prices were already standing at RMB 500,000/t, taking into account the stock cycle, and a new round of price increase is expected.
According to the announcement, the company has begun to negotiate with its clients in a friendly manner to respond to supply chain cost pressures, and it is expected that the product will be priced up in the short term to maintain a certain margin of profit. Q2 has been affected by the epidemic, q2 has started downstream or not. 22q2 has been affected by the epidemic, and the company's main downstream customers have been affected by the epidemic.
Tesla is equivalent to a partial monthly shutdown, company downstream demand, product logistics restrictions, and company start rates or a short drop. If the epidemic is not alleviated in the short term, the need for potential users of new energy vehicles to travel will be reduced, and downstream demand will be significantly affected throughout the quarter.
Resist attitude, but in the short and medium term lithium carbonate prices will continue to fluctuate with downstream demand, with cost pressures and demand shrinking or becoming two “hogs” that companies will challenge in the future.
Research data show that in 2021, the company’s lithium battery product was global installed at 96.7gwh, with a 32.6% market share, which is a significant increase from 2020. At the same time, the company actively laid energy storage plates, signed with companies such as the National Energy Group, China Can build, China Power, the Tri-Font Group, Sunshine Power, Artes, Eaton, etc.
According to icc-information data, the company’s global energy battery production in 2021 accounted for 1. Ningde’s (300,750): a small increase in profitability, with the highest rates.
It will continue to benefit significantly from its size, and companies are expected to grow well over the long term. 2. Ningde (300,750): The lithium power industry is strong and the storage capacity gap leads the cards (2021-08-26).
(c) Risk; risk of stagnant production of downstream products; risk of policy change; failure to deliver capacity as expected; and a slight decline in unit prices in the external year as raw material cost pressures eased;
Assumption 3: Lithium Battery materials and other business receipts increased with the growth of operating income. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, either for no reason or for no specific recommendation or opinion in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.