Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) of 46.880 billion yuan in corporate revenues in the first quarter of 2022, i.e. +15.4 per cent, ring 14.6 per cent;
The net return to the mother was 1.49 billion yuan, compared to 23.7 per cent and the ring to 81.8 per cent; the net gain to the non-mother was 980 million yuan, which was considered to be the main reason: (a) the rise in the price of raw materials, which led to successive escalations in the cost of the company ' s battery manufacture, and in 2021, against the background of the scarcity of lithium resources and rising lithium prices, the dramatic layout of the Ningde era in 2021
Lithium resources, but it takes longer to produce from lithium mines to lithium salt, while short-term phase-out of low-cost LSA lithium salt orders, rigid demand and rising cost-side pressures are increasing, while the impact of the epidemic is increasing.
The recent concentration is due to the declining stock of output. (2) The actual price increase for q1 batteries in 22 years is below expectations. q4 unit price for q4 power cells in 2021 was 0.79/wh, with an increase of $0.02/wh compared to q3 unit price, indicating a gradual drop in price increases in the fourth quarter of the 21st Nender era, with better price increases in each case.
In other second-line manufacturers, but the actual increase in q1 this year has not been as expected, the unit price of the power cell has been maintained at the level of $0.79/wh. The subsequent price increases will gradually fall and more customers will be involved in the metal chain pricing model, which benefits cost transmission, as well as the continued rise in the price of the upstream lithium salt in the second quarter.
The power cell block returns to profitability. ..q1 sales meet expectations, the leader remains, and the size of the production capacity continues to expand. According to Sne, the global load of company q1 rose to 33.3gwh, with the city increasing to 35%, to secure the industry.
First, considering the requirements of the car company, we expect the company q1 quarterly battery sales to be 50gwhh. Ring ratio - 15%, meets expectations. The impact of the recent epidemic, delays in company output and delivery, is expected to recover gradually in May, while the demand for new energy vehicles is rigid, storage capacity is increasing, and the volume of deliveries is going to be higher than last year or year.
The company has made almost an all-round deployment of batteries through the formation of subsidiaries, equity participation or cooperation. For relatively scarce upstream lithium resources, the company secures the supply of lithium resources through investment, association, self-exploitation and recycling. Focus on research and development, looking at long-term growth.
To meet the rising demand downstream and the rapid expansion of the capacity of the company, by the end of 2021, the company had already made investment proposals: to take into account factors such as the rising cost of raw materials and the recurrent impact of the epidemic on the company's production.
The depth of the time: Two trillions of races, technology and cost-making for the Lithium Power King 2021-3-3.
The New Year's Report has a strong, business-oriented cash flow. 2021-4-28. The Year's Report has a strong record of performance.
Hua-An-Secret New Energy and Automobile Research Group: Covering New and Automobile Industries General People's China, Teco Electronics. Song Wei-jin: Five Years of Automobile Industry Research Experience, Master's Degree, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. Fields of study cover passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, covering new energy.
Source and traditional vehicles. Niejie: Master of Economics and Finance, University of New South Wales, formerly in the Department of Credit and Approval, Bank General, one year of industry research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.