During the Ninder era, the nitro battery opened its veil, it was bound to boost productivity expansion, and the company launched a high-performance thorium battery package, leading the industry by indicators.
Launching of the americium battery technology, leading the performance indicator industry: company recently introduced the americium battery technology, system energy density 255wh/kg, with 72% volume utilization, fast reaching 4c, with a range of more than 1,000 km.
The energy density of the americium cell is about 20% higher than the highest available level (212wh/kq), volume utilization is about 6% higher than the ctb technology, and 4c is fast-filled to the top of the industry. According to the company, in the same core chemical system and the equivalent battery package size, the americium is electric.
Pool energy density is 13% higher than the 4680 battery system and is more competitive in products. Accelerating application of energy cores or silicon-based negative poles higher than energy cores: according to measurements, the energy density of a single cell of americium is greater than 330wh/kg if the target of 255wh/kg is to be achieved. Therefore, the power of americium is to be achieved.
The pool’s single-hull core material system will vary considerably, with solid material using high nickel material, negative material, and material may be selected for high-volume silicon-based material, together with materials such as single-wall carbon nanotubes, polypropyl acid, and so on.
The Ministry has recently released information on the increase in production capacity, including the Fukuyan era project, the Guangdong-Ying era project, the Jiang Su-era project (IV) and the Car Bay project, where the annual capacity of the additional lithium ion batteries is estimated.
135gwh, contributing to a further increase in the integrated competitiveness of firms. Looking forward to repair: 202,2504 Supply chain tensions over expectations; less demand than expected; less capacity of new energy automobile products; new energy capacity
Source auto industry policies fall short of expectations; industry chain price competition is over-expected; the impact of the epidemic is over-expected.