In the Ninder era (300,750.sz), income growth was expected. Revenue growth remained good, with 2201 companies growing.
To 154%; mainly affected by the epidemic, the supply chain of the new energy vehicle industry is inadequate, and the price of lithium acid has increased by 300,000 to 400,000 tonnes since 21q4, while the price of the company ' s products has not been priced in a timely manner, the lowest since 1701. Non-recurrent gains and losses consist mainly of $300 million in non-current assets.
Adequate stock readiness. Due to business growth, an increase in the number of overseas shipments and an appropriate increase, it is essential to make adequate preparations for the arrival of goods in the second quarter (stock is acquired at actual cost, raw materials, inventory commodities, etc. are issued using a weighted averaging method), even if production is significantly reduced in the second quarter
In addition, there was a loss in the current period in the use of metal hedges, which were traded mainly for the sale of nickel metal from the company’s Bump’s construction project in Indonesia. The power exchange business has progressed steadily.
The evogo and the combined power switching package will create a three-dimensional system of power switching that will include networked cars, passenger vehicles, commercial cars, and city and high-speed double-scenes. The company's original chocolate charger block will make about 200 yuan.
In addition, the company plans to develop a replacement model with the Ezekiel vehicle. Currently, the company has launched 4 charging stations at Xiamen, and is expected to complete 30 fast-forward stations by the end of the year.
Investment advice: The company has a clear advantage as the global champion of lithium batteries, whether in technology leadership, product quality, customer resources, industry layout, brand influence, cost control. The electric vehicle and storage areas have a wide market space, although companies do not operate in the first quarter of the year.
The 2022 investment strategy _ the "double carbon" cycle, new energy 2, new industry _ company review _ Ning risks from changes in industrial policy: the upturn in upstream raw materials that cannot be directed downstream
In the German era, it was reported that there was a high degree of motivation, a higher than expected reserve, a higher risk, and a lower level of productivity than expected. I promised to present this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has been in the past.
There is no, present, or future direct or indirect connection to the specific recommendations or views of this report. He works as a customer director for financial advice (ir) and marketing at the Arizona state headquarters and the Beijing branch of the United States Conversation (Christensen).