The company published a quarterly report in 2022, q1 generating 48,678 million yuan, +153.97 per cent, compared with +153.97 per cent;
Māori rates are subject to price increases in raw materials, and future profitability is expected to be restored: company q1 Māri is a market value in circulationa (billion yuan) Higher prices of raw materials such as lithium, cobalt, nickel, etc. put cost-side pressures on company q1 products
The company, on the one hand, increases some of the key materials in line with the low price changes and raises the self-supply ratio according to the market conditions, and will be able to deal effectively with the pressure on raw materials supply and cost; on the other hand, the company will be able to respond effectively to the demand and demand pressures based on customer and product variations.
Adjustments to prices, including metal price linkages and a one-time increase, are expected to restore future corporate profitability. Moreover, the fallback in the price increase for corporate products reflects full company orders, higher medium- and long-term orders, and good corporate contract spirit.
q1 sales poles are strong and production capacity is expected to continue to release in the future: according to sneresearch data, the total number of global power cell q1 loads is 95.1gwh, nearly double the increase in the same year, and global demand is still high; the global load of q1 during the Ninder era reached 33.3gwh, compared to 137.7%.
The power cell is stable, with over-expected deployment of power and energy, with 35% of the world’s largest global market share. According to cabia, the q1 Ningde-era share of the domestic market remained stable, and storage and operations grew significantly.
Carloading reached 25.51gwh, with the domestic municipality accounting for 49.75% and a strong leader. In addition, the company disclosed in its fundraising statement that its lithium ion battery production in 2021 was a quarterly review report for the era of the aaa_Ninger (300,750).
170.39gwh, the company ' s battery capacity is expected to reach 670gwh or more by 2025. This will be used for new projects to build an annual capacity of 135gwh, which will continue to climb up the slopes, expand the capacity, enhance technology research and development, store the capacity, or be a second-growth curve: corporate technology research and development is strong, calcium.
The titanium mine photovoltaic battery study is progressing well and is building a test line in China; and the company will promote industrialization of sodium ion ponds by 2023. With regard to storage capacity, the company has entered into strategic cooperation with domestic head-line energy companies such as the National Energy Group, the National Power Injection, the China Power Group, the Tri-Font Group, and the China Energy Facility;
The storage system is currently in the process of taking up market shares, and in the future, it will have to be used as a tool for the development of a market.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: taking into account the impact of the epidemic and the increase in the price of raw materials, we adjust the short-term shock to a long-term basis for good lithium electricity, based on corporate power cell leads Risk factors: policy changes in the new energy automobile industry, new production and new technology development risks, Māori
The decline in rates and the volume of orders fell short of the expected risks.