Performance met expectations, leading technology plus deep supply chain barriers \triangleright increased by 18.5 per cent, with power cell system sales of 117gwhh increasing by 163 per cent and Māori 22 per cent increasing by the same amount
4.6 pcts down; storage energy system sales of 16.7 gwh achieved income of 13.6 billion, an increase of 601 per cent over the same period, Māori \triangleright Dunyongang
Research assistant: Li Kyung-po Won, an increase of $290 million over the end of 21q3, reflecting good supply chain management capacity. Technology-driven, innovation is the rule. Battery chemistry innovation: companies in sodium ion batteries, mfp and m3p
Systems such as \triangleright have a priori advantage, with m3p having an increase in energy density of about 20% over the traditionallfp; expected to have a significant advantage of the traditional dimension of 5, 6 and so on in terms of fertility, energy density and safety; and the technology of wrapping:
Under the same chemical system and the same size of the battery package, the ctp 3.0 power has increased by 13% over the 4680 system, with system weight and energy density reaching the highest level in the industry.
On April 20, the company announced that the holding stock company \triangleright would increase the right to prospecting for ceramics (with lithium) in the mining area of Jingxi province at $865 million.
On April 15, the company announced that it was going to invest up to $5,968 million in Indonesia in the construction of an industrial chain of power batteries for the development, smelting and recovery of nickel resources for the three-bit positive material of power batteries.
The second-growth curve rises from the reservoir wind. Reserve operations have been growing at a rate of more than 200 per cent over the past three years. At the same time, the higher Māori ratio for storage operations has effectively increased the company’s overall Māori ratio, and we expect that the company’s future output will continue to rise over 50 gwh in 22 years.
1. Ningde era (300,750): 21q2 has a high level of innovation in performance, leading to the elimination of dust, taking into account the rapid expansion of the productive capacity of companies, rapid growth in storage and rapidly increasing demand for new global energy markets, and sustaining them.
2. The Ningde era (300,750) event point: The City of the Sea, where the lithium taps continue to hold. 3. The Ningde era (300,750): The direction of the tap, sodium ion.
4. The Ningde era (300,750): rapid growth in performance, a major build-up in productivity The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. The present report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.