A strong leader, an outbreak in overseas markets and storage capacity: the company published its annual 2021 report, which generated business income of $13.356 billion, compared to the growth of the Source Battery Industry Base project, with an estimated total investment of no more than $13 billion.
Performance meets expectations and profitability is excellent. Twenty-one years of net return profits have been forecasted by the company ' s previous performance, and production capacity continues to expand to build a maximum manufacturing system. 1) Productive capacity: the company ' s productive capacity reached 10079 people in 2020, an increase of 80 per cent in comparison with the previous year.
In September 2021, the company Ninder factory was selected by the World Economic Forum in Davos as a light.
Tower Plant, the first ever recognized battery plant in the world. Power cell sales have increased and profitability has been strong. 1) Sales: 21 years of battery sales by companies \triangleright
133.41gwh, an increase of 18.5% over the same period, with power cell sales of 116.71gwh, the impact of the same price increase, the profit burden of the 22q1 battery industry, and the prospect of turning the battery plate profit when the prices of raw materials, such as lithium carbonate, are revised upwards and falling gradually in the future.
Strengthen supply chain layouts and deepen industrial cooperation. Companies are actively strengthening deployments in the areas of positive poles, lithium mines, nickel resources, and negative poles. 1) In December 2021, the Ningd era Bump Integrated New Energy Productions Project was launched, with a total investment of about $32 billion, with a planned annual production of 360,000 tons of phosphate iron and 220,000 tons of phosphate.
Production base for recycling of tons of lithium phosphate, 180,000 tons of trinity pre-dischargers and materials, 40,000 tons of lithium cobalt-acid, 40,000 tons of recycled graphite and 300,000 tons of batteries. One phase of production is expected to be completed in 2023, with full production in 2025. 2) The company-owned subsidiary intends to work with ptanekatambang in the era of privation.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Inc., Inc., Ltd., $ billion in construction from the development of nickel in the red earth, fire smelting, wet smelting, tri-dollar battery materials to
An industrial whole chain of batteries, such as battery recycling and tri-dollar batteries, is expected to guarantee stability in the supply chain while reducing costs.
The company’s offshore earnings in 2021 amounted to $27,870 million, accounting for a total of \triangleright to increase overall profitability.
Risk factors: industry demand is not as high as expected; raw material price volatility risks; new technology development \triangleright joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in charge of research into new energy industries for electrical equipment.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.