High performance, strong leadership, clear competitive advantage Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) ..power taps are strong, storage batteries are fast up and material Māori rates are rising significantly
Power Batteries: The company's power cell block collected $91,491 million, with annual sales of power cell sales falling by 456 pct, which we believe is mainly due to a rise in the price of lithium carbonate, which raises the cost of raw materials. The unit price has increased by $0.02/wh, indicating that Ninder's price increase has gradually fallen, compared to that of other battery companies.
Power storage cells: the company collects 13,624 million yuan, i.e. +602 per cent of the year, and sells it in yuan/wh. For four quarters alone, the storage capacity is 8.7gwh, ring +295 per cent, and the unit price is 0.83/wh.
And, with the global storage market erupting, the company’s output is increasing at a significant rate, promising to open a second growth curve. It is believed that it is mainly the increase in the Maori rate associated with the company’s active deployment of the upstream metal resources of lithium.
The overall industry chain layout, the stock advantage, the growth of overseas operations, and the rapid expansion of production capacity The company has made almost a full layout of the batteries upstream through the formation of subsidiaries, equity participation, or cooperation. For relatively scarce upstream lithium resources, the company is investing, co-opting, and recycling through investment, self-exploitation and recycling.
By the end of 2021, the stock of 43 billion yuan, the high stock of products and raw materials can effectively hedge 22 years of q1 raw materials up, forward-lookingly. Overseas operations earned $27.9 billion in 2021, compared to +252%.
The share can rise to 35% +. In addition, to meet the rising demand downstream, the capacity of companies has expanded rapidly.
Cost Maker of Lithium Power Kings 2021-3-3 2.
2021-4-28 Huaan Securities New Energy and Automobile Research Group: Covering the Electricity and Automobile Industry Mass China, Teco Electronics.
Song Wai Jing: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master ' s degree in the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts, and new energy source vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Nieu Yijie: Master of Economics and Finance, University of New South Wales, formerly in the Department of Credit Approval at the Bank ' s Head Office, one year of industry research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.