Cold-with-repair zero-stable - 3x3 performance rating 2024q3 Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
In addition, the company announced a pre-profiling exercise for the distribution of h shares to be issued on a scale not exceeding the total share, with the main reason for the non-repatriation difference: 1) non-exchange contracts +47.1 million (during the same period - 15.28 million); 2) \triangleright
The company prices compare to the 300-deep trend, which is a cold match: we expect q3 to grow by double digits on the same date, and the low-season ring ratio to have fallen but increased significantly. The reference industry is online, with 24q3 air conditioners producing +6.7% of the same volume, replacing the old line with the old one.
Steam zero: We expect q3 to be almost equal, and some of Europe’s traditional car orders are slowing down. The reference pole client Tesla’s global output/delivery of 24q3 + 9.1%/6.4%, respectively, has been repaired by a decline of q2, which will be accompanied by prospects for the development of new energy cores.
Robots: Focusing on robotic machine executives, with overseas production capacity, complete product delivery progresses well, promising to open up further growth space. A combination of factors such as intensification, changes in product structure, and management rate increases mainly due to new plant builders
The investment proposal is to maintain the buy-in, supported by an old-change policy, and the company's cooling and zero-sum business, with a low q4 base.
The promise is to accelerate growth, and robots are more likely to open the third curve. The company’s announcement of a pre-market validation of the stock listings of 2024 is a further demonstration of the firm’s confidence and determination to move the globalization strategy forward.
Biannual: q2 performance meets expectations, Māori 2.q1 performance is short-lived, robotic business prospects 3.
The zero industry has grown less than expected, industry competition has increased, shipping freight costs have fluctuated significantly, raw materials prices have fluctuated significantly, and geopolitical risks have been involved.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.