The company is one of the leading cars and equipment manufacturing industries in the country. The main products include the full range of drivers, heavy vehicles, engineering machinery and auto parts and components.
As a result, the company’s main business grew at a very high rate, bringing the total vehicle and key spare parts revenue to $37,486 million a year, a year-long increase.
40.13 per cent; forklift production and warehouse technical services revenue of $41,063 million, an increase of 15.71 per cent over the same period; non-car engine operations revenue of $6,632 million, a significant increase in the performance of the controlling subsidiary.
And it's hard to see. Of this, kion's income was 41,063 million yuan, an increase of 15.71 per cent, an increase of 53.7 per cent, and the company is currently in the first line of the heavy-carat industry; and Fosste's current income was 75,890 million yuan, an increase of 26.91 per cent, a net profit of 297 million yuan, a year-long increase of 26.91 per cent.
• Corporate Māori as a whole is stable and the cost of the period is lower. The company ' s Māori contribution during the reporting period was mainly due to increased exchange rate earnings. • Benefiting from the industry ' s continuing climate, the company ' s performance is expected to continue to grow.
In 2017, the domestic commercial car market was expected to remain stable under the influence of over-regulating rules and changing demand.
As the national ppp project, the 4.7 trillion “Great Capital” project, and the ongoing progress of the project along the way, the engineering car market and foreign demand are expected to recover gradually, we expect companies as industry leaders, industry chain advantages and synergies to be significant.
For the first time, we gave the company a “carely recommended” investment rating. Joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department, the main area of research and follow-up: the mechanical industry.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.