Yearly report distribution is over-expected and one-quarter growth is high Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
Ten thousand yuan (+53.7% of the same year) and a three hundred million yuan net profit (+33% of the same year) was realized by Faust. The heavy-carat industry continued until 2018, with excess governance and renewal requirements as the main drivers.
The Directorate-General issued a joint Opinion on the Further Implementation of the Illegal Modification and Overloading of Trucks, a full deployment for the next phase of treatment and a Programme for the Governance of Vehicles.
Access to highways; 1 July 2018, a total ban on traffic in non-compliant vehicles, universal standard cargo vehicle type. We believe that, as the overloading process increases, the heavy-card non-compliant model will be phased out at an accelerated rate, and the industry will continue to be in a state of mood until 2018.
In January-February of the year, the heavy card industry sold 170,000 vehicles, an increase of 136 per cent from the same year; the heavy card industry is expected to sell 260,000 vehicles in the first quarter, an increase of more than 70 per cent from the same year. Given the firm ' s strong market position, overseas M & As supports strategic transformation, leading to domestic equipment production.
The division, supported by the engine, the entire vehicle and the gearbox, became the leader of the industry in the country’s heavy-car and engineering machinery. In August 2012, the Quehua company was bought 25% with 740 million euros.
On June 22, 2016, Keisu acquired DeMartek, entering the area of equipment, which is highly expected to be automated and sustainable. The company is gradually becoming more equipped with engines, hydraulics, forklifts, logistics, etc.
2- The three-quarterly review of the Quarter 2016: Recapitulation of the Capriculus, Full Prospective for Profit, launched a parallel operation, with global leaders in equipment for balanced development, both domestically and overseas.
3. The mid-2016 review of the wood engine: a return of benefits,4 a follow-up report on the wood engine: a reversal in industrial recovery, which has increased the decline in the share of the company in the market; and the process of merger and acquisition consolidation, which has fallen short of expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board