Performance rating for wood power (000338.sz)
The main benefits are: 1) the impact of overloaded governance policies, smooth growth in transport demand, and recovery in capital investment demand, with 730,000 vehicles sold in the heavy-card sector in 2016 (year-on-year +33%); 2) an increase in the market share of the company ' s main customers and an increase in engine output
The heavy-card industry continued until 2018, with excess governance and renewed demand as the main drivers. On 18 August 2016, the Ministry of Transport, the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the Ministry of Public Security, the General Directorate of Commerce and Industry, and the Quality Check.
The Directorate-General issued a joint Opinion on Further Implementation of the Illegal Modification and Overloading of Trucks, proposing a full deployment for the next phase and a Programme for the Governance of Vehicles.
Access to highways; 1 July 2018, a total ban on traffic in non-compliant vehicles. Universalized standard cargo vehicle type. We believe that, as the overloading process increases, the heavy-card non-compliant model will be phased out at an accelerated rate, and the industry will continue to be in a state of mood until 2018.
Overseas M & As support strategic transformation, leading to domestic equipment production. Prior to 2010, the public department was supported by engines, whole cars and gearboxes, and became the leading industry in the country for heavy cards and engineering equipment. In August 2012, Xin Chai acquired 25% of Quehu's company for €740 million.
On June 22, 2016, Keisu acquired Dematek to enter the area of automated equipment in logistics. The company gradually became more heavily equipped with engines, hydraulics, forklifts, and logistics equipment.
Business as well as global equipment leaders for balanced development at home and overseas. 1 “Thirty-quarter review of wood power in 2016: Re-carat climate sustainable, fully profitable over-expected”
2. The mid-2016 review of the wood engine: a return to benefits; the tracking report on the wood engine: a reversal in industrial recovery, which has increased the decline in the share of the company ' s market; and the process of integration of mergers and acquisitions, which has fallen short of expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board