In the first half of the year, with high growth, the pump valves continued to break out: the company issued its 2021st annual report, which generated $5.27 billion in revenue in the first half of the year, compared with growth in the first half of the year, the industry grew higher, the pump valves continued to break out.
The oil tank achieved income of $1.98 billion, a 38 per cent increase in the same year; the sales of 474,000, a 44 per cent increase in the same year. The non-scaling tank achieved revenue of $845 million, a 46 per cent increase in the same year; the sales of 788 million, a 23 per cent increase in the same year. The subsidiary hydraulic technology achieved income of $2,118 million, a 78 per cent increase in the same year.
Pump valves continue to grow at a high rate, resulting in (1) a further increase in the share of the master pump valves in the excavator; (2) a sustained release of products such as motors, non-digger pump valves, and the renewal of new products such as power-controlled pump valves, closed pumps, etc. q2 has slightly decreased profitability and good cash flow.
The R&D rate increases by 2.84 pct and the financial rate increases by 1.49 pct. The final q2 quarter corporate stock/flow (million shares) accumulates advantages in the area of hydraulics, moving from import substitution to global assembly.
"A strong beneficiary industry has achieved substitution for imports, and fares developed countries and regions such as Europe and America, Japan, exports compared to basics, corporate performance over-market expectations"
The company’s share of the global market in the hydraulic sector will continue to grow in the future as overseas customers expand and productive capacity is released.
Continued upswing, continuing to benefit from a strong base of the industry, constant hydraulic pressure (601,100), the continuing growth trend in the engineering and machinery industry, and the replacement of imports of core parts and components.
Intergenerational acceleration - 2020/08/24 Qualifications Code: Industry research in the field, specializing in industrial chain research, especially robotics and automation-related plates.
Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production technology, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering, machinery, and automobiles. The Center, which joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in an effort to study industrial fluctuations in search of certainty.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.