Performance meets expectations by scaling up research and development to widen product lines q2, yielding revenue of 2,370 million, an increase of 13.56 per cent over the same period, and net return returns of 626 million, with a core view that performance is largely in line with expectations. For the first time in the first half of 2021, the income from pump valve plates exceeded mining.
Co-intensible discharge of cranes and pump valves, completion of the first small batch in the industrial field, and companies are scaling up pump valve research and development, high-end, standardized hands-on, and expanding applications.
At the end of the third quarter, the excavator industry is expected to be at its base, and the company, as a core zero supplier, will take the lead; in the long run, the company will continue to increase its research and development, so that the river will be more protective of the city, with its scarcity and growth, its ability to iron its performance volatile, and its profitability will be stable and sustainable.
(1) Excavator Tanks: In the first half of 2021, our excavator industry sold 22,3833 units, which increased by 31 per cent in the same year. Driven by industry growth, the company recovered $1.98 billion, which increased by 38 per cent, or about 38 per cent, and the company outperformed the industry, according to our calculations.
In the first half of 2021, companies sold 474,000 excavators at a rate of 44 per cent, with an average price of $4177/only, which was 5.7 per cent lower than at the end of 2020.
The first half of the year saw higher prices for raw materials and higher pressure from the mainframe plant, leading to pressure transmission upstream, and companies (2) non-flagged tanks: in the first half of 2021, revenue was 845 million, or 46 per cent, compared with the corresponding increase of about 16 per cent. The core applications were concentrated in weight, shielding, marine and new energy wind and wind power.
The Division has been active in developing new customers, applications, and high growth in the non-flagged tank business, both within and outside the sea. In terms of volume, the sales volume was 78,000, a 23 per cent increase, with an average price of 10.7 million per cent per year, and the ring changed from 2020, when a breakthrough in the field of new energy wind power began, resulting in a large non-flood tank ratio.
(3) Hydraulic pump valves: The research and development of corporate hydraulic pump valves includes hydraulic technology (covering walking machinery, shielding, marine industry, test pads) and Shanghai-based New Shanghai (small-scale industrial valves), 1. perform well and grow well in the future.
In the first half of 2021, the two achieved income of 2,118 million yuan and an increase of 91 million yuan, respectively.
IL, based on rough estimates of the volume of shipments, the average market share of large, medium and small dig pump valves is about 15%, 40%, 3. Epidemic accelerates the national production substitution process, company performance is 55%, 60 tonnes or more of super-digger pump valves and various types of electrical control products are delivered in small quantities, other lines
Mechanical mobility is concentrated in high-altitude operating platforms, cranes and cement pumps. 2 Industrial areas: The Division has completed the development of a full-scale V30g industrial pump and an electromagnetic scale valve, has already tested small volumes in the fields of seawork, shielding, testing stations, etc., while the company focuses on high-end R & D, and will further expand its focus in the future.
Downstream areas such as plastics, exercise, underground engineering. Actively responding to pressure to increase the cost of raw materials, profitability remained stable. In the first half of 2021, companies sold 41.10% of the Māori, compared to 0.83pt, the ring of the quarter - 0.02pt.
Due to claims for price adjustment from downstream customers, the prices of the products were revised downward in the first quarter of 2021, and the company maintained basic stability in the Māori rate by maintaining price stability at the start of the year through negotiations, on the one hand, and pre-positioning of raw materials, on the other.
Internal controls are excellent, strengthening R & D inputs, widening product lines, and deepening the moat. In the first half of 2021, $243 million was recorded, an increase of 126.33 per cent in the same year. Increased innovation in pump valves, power-controlled products by companies will accelerate product diversification; 2 financial cost increases: remittances due to the decline in the dollar exchange rate
The net interest rate on sales and the follow-up catalyst in the engineering and machinery industry continued, and companies improved their production margins in September. In terms of policy catalysts, the short-term factors of finance and start-up improved significantly.
Q2 downstream equipment requirements are expected to be affected by short-term factors. 730 meetings of the Central Political Bureau suggested accelerating the implementation of the 14th Five-Year Plan for major engineering projects at the demand-side, rationalizing the progress of investment within the budget and the issuance of local government bonds, and contributing to the in-kind workload by the end of next year;
It is expected that there will be a high roll-out in August-October, with an estimated monthly increase of more than $700 billion, and that since mid-July, major projects will enter intensive construction and capital investment will continue. From the point of view of excavator marketing structures, small digs will continue.
In January-July 2021, the country ' s largest industry accumulated a 19.7 per cent increase in aggregate sales below industry levels, but small digs were higher and had a greater impact on industry; the bulk of the increase was lower than in the first half of the year because of safe production.
The mining project is not working as well as expected, and we believe that the market for large-scale excavations has shown resilience, both because of the recovery rate in the North ' s multi-field mines since July, while capital investment in the second half of the year will boost the demand for large-scale excavations, and because of the fact that the country ' s large-scale excavations continue to grow.
In the short run, the excavator tank was tested for demand in September, with a projected 20% increase in the same year, and a large-scale pump valve.
The pace of growth will continue to be maintained; in the long run, the expansion of the product class of the company is progressing well, non-target areas are being applied more rapidly, while the company is being transformed from hardware to a full-blown hydraulic product supplier, layouts, electrical control systems and software, and the ability to interact with future ironing cycles will be further enhanced.
Shortcomings and growth are expected to smooth out fluctuations in performance, giving a “buy-in” rating. Investments in infrastructure, real estate, etc. have fallen sharply, new products have been developed at a slower pace than expected, downstream prices have increased, and cost-side pressures have been passed on upstream.
Figure 3 Structural changes in the Helium Hydraulic Pressure product Figure 5 Revenues, sales and average prices of the company tanks 2011-2021h
Figure 82021h gross, net interest rate charge, chart 9 cost control has a significant effect.
Figure 11 shows a parallel trend between net profit returns and operating cash flows. Figure 13 shows the high quality of corporate clients' resources. Investments in infrastructure, real estate, etc. have declined significantly, new products have not been developed as fast as expected, and downstream price competition has intensified.
The current report is presented independently and objectively, using data and information from the public information available in the market.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.