Core hydraulic products have grown steadily, and research and development have expanded downstream. Core products (60110.sh) have contributed to steady growth, with a slight decline in net profits in the first quarter of the year.
The continuing fire in the downstream industry and the increasing competitiveness of the company's products, and the company's products, if you think about it, have seen a significant increase in sales, of which 474,000 canisters (+44%) have been sold for excavators.
Sales revenue of $1.98 billion (+38 per cent); sales revenue of $78.8 million (+23 per cent) for the sale of heavy equipment and $845 million (+46 per cent) for the sale of heavy equipment; but the impact of higher prices for raw materials has led to a decline in the Māori rate of products, with varying degrees of depreciation and R & D costs in a single quarter.
In the context of steady investment in the domestic market, a sustained recovery in overseas markets and a strong corporate deployment, we believe that this has been accompanied by a steady increase in the market share of the company’s fuel tanks and other core products.
Hydraulic power valves have grown significantly, and casting capacity has been rapidly climbing. Subsistence hydraulics have been affected by continued high sales of downstream excavators and rising market shares.
Lines are overstretched, with sales revenue of $2.18 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 78 per cent over the previous reporting period, and hydraulic technology has further developed its share of small- and medium-sized digs and large-scale digs.
At the same time, the company’s capacity for casting has increased rapidly, with a stock of 434,000 tons in casting sales, an increase of 66% over the same period, but the level of the product’s Māori ratio has been somewhat delayed due to the larger share of in-sculpture sales.
By investing a great deal of resources in management and steadily improving per capita efficiency and the cost per unit of product, we recognize that the relative depth of 300 performance is a guarantee of the company ' s future competitiveness and good profitability.
In the first half of the year, companies invested $242 million in R & D, a significant increase of 126.33% over the same period last year, and continued to increase their efforts in R & D. Hydraulic technology developed Hp4vg closed pumps, hm6v
The motor series accelerates the diversification of hydraulic technologies. At the same time, the company’s hydraulic system products continue to function in the fields of testing stations, heavy works and marine industries, while expanding and upgrading the development of high-end non-hydropressure systems, will further expand the production of standard, bulk-type hydraulic systems.
At this stage, the company’s main product is still concentrated downstream on walker-type products, represented by excavators, and downstream industry fluctuations will have a certain impact on the company’s performance.
It is hoped that the firm’s performance will grow in reverse, taking into account the company’s core competitiveness in hydraulic components and systems, and taking into account the current state of business and its profitability, we expect that the company’s performance will continue to grow steadily.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
London School of Political and Economics, Master of Economics, 7 years of work in securities, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021. Master of Arts, University of New Wealth, 2016; Bachelor of Arts, Harbin Industrial University, 2018.