The Pump valve business continues to expand as expected.
The net profit to achieve a parent attribution of 1,409 million yuan, an increase of 42.87% from the previous year, is in line with expectations. Downstream demand booms have led to high corporate performance, with hydraulic technology bright spots of more than billions of yuan, compared to 13.56%, reflecting the company’s ability to withstand industrial fluctuations.
The sales volume of the special fuel tanks was 47.4 million, or +44% of the same year, and generated revenues of $1,980 million, or +38% of the same year; 788 million, or +23%, of the non-standard fuel tanks for the sale of heavy equipment, generated revenues of $845 million, or +46% of the same amount. The subsidiary hydraulics continued to grow with the sale of downstream excavators and their share in the market.
Upgrade impact, yielding $2.18 billion, or +78 per cent. Hydraulic technology has more bright spots: (1) the share of small and medium digs and large digs has increased further, with super-large (60t+) pump valves for excavators, 8~70t pump-control valves for small quantities at the main plant; (2) high-altitude work level for non-digger plates.
Domestic operations in the field of stations, cement pumps and cranes have continued to expand, and foreign operations have been certified through the installation of machines, providing a good basis for the opening of hydraulic technology in overseas markets. (3) The development of Hp4vg closed pumps, Hm6v motor series has accelerated the diversification of hydraulic technology products. (4)
The V30g series of industrial pumps in the fields of seawork, shielding, test stations, etc., as well as the electromagnetic valves for multidisciplinary applications, have also been tested in small batches.
A high level of corporate profitability and continuous improvement in the quality of business Assessment and Report of the First Quarterly in 2021: Performance Growth bright, Medium- to Long-Term Corporate Māori Rate 41.02% in the first half of the year compared to -0.83pt, in the context of a significant increase in the cost of raw materials
Competition Power Highlights. 2021.04.28.H.I.S.S.R.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A. 601100.T.S.S.S.S.A.S.A.
In addition, the company has strengthened its internal management, and the sales and management rates have been reduced by a total of 1 pct. This corresponds to 44/36/30 times the current level of pe. The company's “buy-in” rating is maintained, taking into account the continued expansion of its pump valve operations and the extensive import replacement space in the corporate hydraulics industry.
Downstream demand falls short of expectations; overseas market risks; and the risk of a decline in the Māori rate.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.