It's proposed to add $5 billion plus internationalization + electricization, and it's expected to enter the new Jubaibelle research assistant, Joy.
Projects in Mexico, linear drives, research and development centres, general hydraulic pump technologies, super-heavy tank projects and supplementary liquidity.
The current plan to raise more than $5 billion is designed to meet the strategic development needs of corporate globalization, product expansion and upgrading of electric technology. 1) Project Mexico: To raise $1.1 billion to open up the North American market and accelerate globalization.
The layout. Mexico is well-positioned, and it takes only three hours for products to be transported to the United States; large North American clients are rich, including Caterpillar, jlg, John D., Volvo, etc., and production capacity is expected to be efficiently digested. 2) Linear drive project: 1.4 billion dollars to be invested for the purpose of electricalizing the product.
Upgrades, including one electric tank: the relative advantages of a conventional tank are efficient, environmentally friendly, low operating costs, and the replacement effect is significant, with companies already having a research and development base and testing experience, and promising future expansion prospects. 2-rolling wire poles: core parts of an electric tank, in addition to self-supply, can also be used in industrial robots, etc.
Touring. According to company announcements, the global roll-out market reached $19.5 billion in 2019 and is currently dominated by foreign firms such as Rolex and Nsk, with large national production alternatives. 3) The International Research and Development Centre project: to raise $570 million to integrate decentralized research by the company.
Development of resources, mainly for research on basic technology for hydraulic pump valves and motor products.4 The General Hydraulic Pumps Technical Modification Project: to raise $290 million to alleviate the lack of production capacity of non-digger hydraulics, which is expected to expand from 9,000 to 70,000 units per year in post-partum General Hydraulic Pumps.
5) Super-heavy tank project: The proposed investment is to raise $140 million to break out of the bottleneck in the production capacity of the tender tank and to achieve the expected value of 2,800 tons per year in the non-proscriptive production of the super-heavy-heavy tank during the post-partum period. The applications include the maritime industry, large-scale water, pressurized machine beds and metallurgy.
6) Replenishment of liquidity: the proposed investment of $1.5 billion in additional liquidity to enhance the company ' s ability to expand non-digging operations in domestic and foreign markets in parallel with the prospect of a third round of gold expansion, which, according to our previous company in-depth reports, was estimated to be around the domestic market for dredgers hydraulics in 2020
“Standard fluid pressure” (601,100): National production 20 billion yuan, the market for non-digger hydraulics is about three times that of the excavator (60 billion yuan), and in 2020, it was only 1.6 billion yuan, with very low penetration and a very promising outlook for the future expansion of the company.
Water pressure is scarce, pump valves + non-standardized, with an increase in production overseas, a significant release of general-purpose pumps and non-pollution tank capacity, and a promising entry into a permanent structure 2021-07-13.
A third round of expansion, dominated by non-digging. 2, Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100): Unafraid short-term fluctuations, the valuation bottom towards the left side of the cloth
3. Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100): 20 years risk; pump valve operations are not expanding as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board