jiangsuhenglihydraulic (601,100 ch) awloyowned subdiaryofchinamerchantsbank netprofitin2q21downonly 2% yoy; slightlybetterthan
Hold (Maintain) statements Targetprice:
(previoustp rmb103.00)
Up/downside: highin2q21, hengli'snetprofitin2q21onlydroped 2% yoytormb626mn currentprice:
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, whichislightly bettermentation.netprofitin1h21grew 43% yoyto rmb 1.41bn, whachaccoundedfor 48% ofourfourlyyearestimatates (runratein 1h20:chinacapitalgoods)
.it'sworthnotatthevevenuefrump, valveandotherproducts exceededthatoftheexcavatohydradiccylinderin1h21, makeydriverforthe waynefung, cfa
- 10% yoygroveth, and expecatanaceleration 4q21eon theback of betterinfrastructurespreddinggroveth.thatsaid,wemaintainhourholdring
Aswebelievestockisfairly-pricedat 43x2021ep/e.wemaintainourtpof stockdata rmb103 (basedonunchanged46x2021ep/e).
keyfinancialsin1h21.revenuein1h21grew51% yoytormb5,2bn. Grossmarkingeldupwellat41% (downonly 0.9 pptyoy).operatingcast 25% yoytormb1.19bn, whichishethyinview.in2q21,
Henglimanedtodeliver 14% yoyrevenuegrovethwhillegrrossmargin remainedstableat 41% qoqdespiethehghsteelcost.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
4% yoytormb4,177/unit.salesvolumeofon-shareperformance sandardizedcylindersgrew 23% yoyto78.8kunitsin1h21andasp
Increated 19% yoytorm10.7k/unitduetoproductmiximprovementinour source: bloomberg explosivegrowthofpump, valveandmotorcontinued.revenuefrom
Henglihydralicechnoroy (majorproductsincludepump, valveandmotor) 12-mthpriceperformance surged 78% yoytormb2.1bnin1h21, whichexceededthevevenuefrom
Excavatohydrauliccylinder(rmb1.98bn). upsiderisks (1) strongmarketsharegain; (2) better-than-expected excavatordemand.downsiderisks (1)continuous
I don't know, slowdownof negotiationsactivities;(2)riskooverseasexpansion.source: bloomberg
Audit: rsm consultationmachinery/hdt (outperform)-favourable
philicyshift; defensivegroveth midvolatilemarket; upgrad sanyheavy&sinotruk -9aug
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Impressivebutwearenowmore conservativevalation-27apr figure1:1h21resultshighlights
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Orissaerthattheanalystoveredinthysreport: (1) alloftheviewsexpressedaccrelatelyreflecthorsorersonalviewsoutthesubjectsitesecuritys orissues; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directordirectly, relatedtotheotherspecialviewsexpressed bytheatanalyst inthisreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecurities andfuturescompmission) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchworldof30caldardayspriortoothetateissue ofthisreport; (2) whillldelinortradehead(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofdateofdateissueissueofissuelifereport; (3)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Market-perform underperform & international secretities limited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's got the right to be a part of it, but I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's a good idea.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's industrious, the company's industrious, recipientsshouldbeoulwarathat and bismayhaveaconclifictofinterestatcoldaffect theobjectivityofthisreport and the biswillnotatassemonyspresibilizationspeterof.thisreportisfortheuseofuseofuseofindicatedsciencelyandthispublication, maynotbe reduced, reprinated, sold, rededitedorpublishedinwholeorinpartoforanypurposewofoutpriorwrittenconsentof and biis.
I don't know what you're talking about, or (ii) archerosfallahingwithinarticle 49(a)to(d)("highnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going, and I'm going to do it, and I's all, and I'm going, and I's.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
In the case of the specialtiesandfuturesact (cap.289), the bisgacceptslegalresposiabilityfortheconcentsocentsocentorsuchpersonlyto the extenrequiredbylaw.singareccipientssouldcontactandbisgat+656350400formattersattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwiththeotherport.