With steady growth in performance, the pump valve business has continued to break out, a steady growth in performance has been reported for 21 years, and the performance of the subsidiary has increased at a sharp rate.
\triangleright The main reason for the steady growth in performance in the first half of the year was: 1) a significant increase in sales was achieved as a result of the boom in downstream industries, both domestic and foreign, and the increasing competitiveness of corporate products, with revenue from the excavator tank products increasing by 38 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and non-scaling tank production.
Income from goods increased by 46% over the same period: 2) there was a significant increase in sales of the subsidiary hydraulic technology pump valve products, and in the first half of the 21st year there was a 102.23% increase in hydraulics and a sharp increase in performance; 3) companies strengthened their internal management and raised their control capacity.
\triangleright billion yuan, with a R&D rate of 4.65 per cent, an increase of 15.4 per cent over the same period last year; in cash flow, the net operating cash flow of companies was 1.18 billion yuan, an increase of 25.44 per cent over the same period, mainly due to overall growth in corporate sales, timely return of sales, investment
The net sexual cash flow of $136 million, an increase of 150.42 per cent over the same period, was mainly due to an increase in cash received to recover investments.The excavator tank area has grown steadily, and the non-flagged tank has opened up the company’s growing ceiling \triangleright
In 21 years, we sold 224,000 excavators, an increase of 31.3 per cent over the same year, benefiting from a rapid increase in excavator sales in the first half of the year, a steady increase in company products, the sale of 47.4 million canisters for excavators in the first half of the year, an increase of 44 per cent over the same period, an increase of $1.98 billion, an increase of 38 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, the company sold 78,000 non-standard tanks for heavy equipment, a 23 per cent increase over the previous six months.
The current sales revenue is $845 million, an increase of 46 per cent over the same period. In the long run, the non-target area of operations has helped to expand the scope for companies to grow and increase profitability.
At present, high-end hydraulic products in the country depend on imports, while the global market is now monopolized by a few businesses, including Bose and Eton, and has a significant share in the country, with strong demand for alternatives to imports. Companies, as domestic hydraulics taps, take advantage of the time window blocked by overseas imports, continuously raise market shares and lead the process of import substitution of hydraulics.
Research assistant: Ouyang Xi boosts. The subsidiary hydraulics hydraulic pump valves continued to break out, with revenues of $2.18 billion in the first half of the 21st year, a 78 per cent increase in the same year, a further increase in the market share of the excavator master pump valves and the continued release of products such as motors, non-digger pump valves, etc.
New products, such as power-control valves, closed pumps, and new applications are constantly being updated, and the continued activity of hydraulic system products in test stations, heavy works, and marine industries has contributed to further diversification of the company’s products. The hydraulic pump valve operation is expected to continue to grow as hydraulics are imported to replace the process.
The annual quarterly reviews: accelerated national production, pump valves, high-pressure domestic production, and the company's performance as a domestic hydraulic flagship, are expected to grow steadily, market competition is increasing, downstream industry is less favourable than expected, exchange rate changes are affecting, pump valve operations are not expanding as fast as expected.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Master of Statistics, Associated Democratic Securities 2020, Bachelor, Joined Civil Security 2020.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.