Long-story hydraulic pressure, high-end hydraulic tap resistance to cyclical fluctuations, diversification + globalization opening up medium- and long-term growth space Billions of dollars, 42.9 per cent more than year-on-year, net non-mortality profit of $1.38 billion, 48.9 per cent more than year-on-year, operating net cash flow of $1.19 billion
The market for core products has continued to grow more competitive, with pump valves showing bright performance in the first half of the year.
One billion yuan, representing an increase of 51.2 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 1.41 billion yuan in the same year, representing an increase of 42.9 per cent in the same year, of which q2 received 2.37 billion yuan in the single season, a 13.6 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit of 630 million yuan in the same year, a decrease of 2.1 per cent in the same year. According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, there is a sharp increase in research and development on new products, with a sharp increase in raw material prices.
According to statistics, the 21q2 excavator industry has achieved a total of 97,000 sales, a decline of 4.8 per cent over the same period, maintaining high profitability against a background of a small decline in demand in the industry; and a weak demand for engineering machinery, which still maintains a double-digit growth of more than two digits, reflecting a strong resistance to cycle fluctuations.
A total of 474,000 cylinders were sold, a 44 per cent increase in the same year, higher than the first half of the year ' s increase in the excavator industry, higher sustainable growth of companies in the context of a period of volatility in market share, higher diversification of products, higher revenues of $1.98 billion, a 38 per cent increase in the same year; and 79,000 non-square tank sales, a 23 per cent increase in the same year.
The ongoing distribution of layouts and pump valves opens up medium- and long-term growth space. The current revenue is $850 million, an increase of 46 per cent over the same period. The company actively expands new applications, new customers, both domestic and foreign, allowing for rapid growth of non-scaling tank blocks; the competitiveness of hydraulic pump valve products is increasing, the market is bright in the first half of the year, and all production lines are overstretched.
The share of the market for small and medium digs and large digs has been further increased, with the 60t+ excavator pump valves, the 8-70t excavator series pump valves in the main machines achieving small quantities of supplies and the continued scale of domestic operations in the non-diggered high-altitude operating vehicles, cement pumps and cranes. Foreign operations have been certified and applied to industrial pumps of the v30g series in the areas of seamen, shields, test stations and so on.
The multidisciplinary application of the proportional electromagnetic valves was also tested in small quantities, resulting in a total income of $2.12 billion over the reporting period, an increase of 78 per cent over the previous period; 43,000 tons of foundries were sold, an increase of 66 per cent over the same period, and the annual capacity utilization rate of casting two has increased rapidly to 100 per cent.
Under the double pressure of a large upturn in material prices and a fall in the prices of engineering and mechanical end-products, companies remain highly profitable, reflecting a strong industrial bargaining power and cost-control capacity of companies, an overall Māori ratio of 41.0 per cent in 21h1, roughly the same as in the previous year, and a 1-quarter Māori ratio of q2.
Interest and intelligence have steadily advanced, with significant improvements in product unit costs and per capita efficiency output, and six months of cost during the 21h1 period. Companies have intensified their research and development efforts on hydraulic products in new downstream areas, and R & D rates have increased significantly over the years, with companies expected to continue to increase their R & D inputs in the future, while large increases in financial costs are mainly due to currency exchange losses due to a decline in the exchange rate of the United States dollar.
Cage, operating a net cash flow of $1.19 billion during the reporting period, a 25.4 per cent increase over the same period, cash flow levels have again reached historical best levels, corporate sustainable growth is prominent in the context of weak cyclical fluctuations in demand for engineering machinery, diversified product layouts and pump valves continue to be released, opening up medium- and long-term growth space.
In the light of the expected weak cycle fluctuations in demand in the engineering and machinery industry, the company’s future sustainable growth is remarkable: in the short and medium term, it relies mainly on a large increase in the market share of non-polling tanks, excavators, non-pump valves, and long-term growth in globalization and industrial pump valves. In the short and medium term, diversified product layout and market share increases help to reduce corporate performance.
The current market share is not high, there is some room for future upgrades, there has been a significant increase in the share of dredging pump valves in recent years, and it is expected to continue to rise to the same level as excavator tanks over the next 2-3 years.
In the long term, the industrial pump valve market has a huge space, and the market space is much larger than engineering machinery. According to data from the industrial hydraulic global Luxury, which shows that in 19 and 20 years its revenues were approximately 62,5.2 billion euros, the expansion of the industrial hydraulic field will significantly increase the growth space of the company, which will gradually be replaced by a sustained R & D input in the industrial subdivisions and by a “go-out” strategy that will create a global leader.
Increased industry competition, less investment in infrastructure and real estate than expected, less expansion of non-barrel tanks and less expansion of hydraulic pump valve products.