Mid 2021: High number of sections of business, increased R & D package, third round of expansion of the Bureau, 24 August 2021
Q2 achieved 2.37 billion yuan, compared to 13.56 per cent; net profit on maternity.
Achieving high-speed growth: 1 dredging tank earns 1.980 billion yuan, or 38 per cent of the year; 2 non-scaling tank products generate 845 million yuan, or 46 per cent of the year; 3 pump valve operations are leading in growth, with subsidiary hydraulics, Shanghai and Shanghai achieving sales revenues of 21.18 million yuan, or 78 per cent and 30 per cent respectively.
434 million tons, or +66 per cent, of the 4 pieces sold. Outsourcing accounted for 37 per cent and decreased by demand for domestic sales, which was affected by rapid growth in productive capacity.  Māori has remained stable and R&D + financial cost rates have remained stable at the same time as +3.3pt
The rise in raw material prices has had a relatively small impact on the cost end, consistent with our earlier judgement that, with the steady price of raw materials in the second half of the year, the release of company-scale effects, and the release of high-morigin pump valves, we expect gross R & D + financial cost rates to increase significantly over the year. Specifically, the cost rate for the period 2021h1
The total cost of selling is the same ratio to 1 pct, while the total cost of R & D + financial costs is the same ratio. R & D strengthens the outreach base for future non-diggered business and enhances competitiveness in the third round of expansion.
According to our previous company depth reports, the domestic market for dredging hydraulics was about $20 billion in 2020, the non-digger hydraulics market was about three times that for excavators (60 billion), and the 2020 constant non-regime 1, the constant hydraulic pressure (601,100): national production.
Digging tanks + non-digger pump valves with only 1.6 billion revenues, very low penetration rates, and promising future expansion prospects. Companies add scarce hydraulics, pump valves + non-marked redevelopment layouts are expanding in non-digging areas, and we judge that companies are entering pump valves + non-digging third round.
In 2021, H1 pump valves, non-barrelled tank revenues increased at a reverse-excavator tank, and will be released in the future with non-diggered high-altitude operations vehicles, pumps, cranes and new energy sources, later in the year.
Short-term fluctuations, the bottom of the valuation is expected to hit the left side of the cloth, and the non-digging tank business is expected to expand at a supermarket pace.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the future growth of corporate R & D inputs and the prospect of pump valve expansion
3. Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100): 20 years & 21q1 Quarterly Review: Sustained contemplation in beneficiary industries, scale effects + pumps
Risk; pump valve operations are not expanding as expected.