New markets at home and abroad, increased sales of non-curve tanks, excavators valves Recommended (first) persistent hydraulic pressure (601,100) 2021h1 performance rating
Incident: Half-yearly report of 2021 HLN, company 2021H1 realized business income of $5.226 billion, compared with Huang Soo Yo, an increase of 51.25 per cent; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $1,408 million, an increase of the same year
Liu Hengwen has a steady growth in performance and a small volatility in profitability. The company's business income of 2021h1 was $5.226 billion, an increase of 51.25 per cent over the same period, mainly due to an increase in the landscape of the engineering and machinery industry and an overall increase in corporate sales;
The boom is one of the factors leading to fluctuations in profitability. The company has been pushing ahead with technology research and development, with increased power in 2021; financial cost increases due to lower exchange rates in the United States dollar, resulting in higher exchange rate losses, which have led to a significant increase in the same ratio; opening up new domestic and foreign markets; and increasing sales of non-pollution tanks, excavators and pump valves.
The sale of 474 million oil tanks for excavators increased by 44 per cent from the same year to 1,980 million yuan, a 38 per cent increase from the same year; the sale of 788 million non-standard tanks for heavy equipment increased by 23 per cent from the same year to 845 million yuan, a 46 per cent increase from the same year.
Households, resulting in rapid growth of non-flagged tank plates; further increase in the market share of pump valve products from excavators, continued release of products such as motors, non-digger pump valves, new products such as power-controlled pump valves, closed pumps, new shipments, continuous upgrading of hydraulic systems.
The subsidiary performed well and applied autonomous R & D products in a wide range of areas. The sales of downstream excavators had the effect of continuing high growth and increasing their share of the market, and the subsidiary ' s hydraulic technology was overstretched in all production lines, achieving sales revenue of $2.18 billion, a 78% increase in comparison.
The main products developed are widely used in a variety of areas. The super-large (60t+) excavator pump valves, the 8-70t excavator sequence pump valves are delivered in small quantities in various mainframe plants, and the field of excavators is significantly more competitive.
Domestic operations have continued to grow in size, and foreign operations have been certified through installed machines, providing a good basis for the opening of hydraulic technologies off the sea.
At the same time, firms are expected to take a step forward in terms of technology by increasing their investment in technology R & D, impacting competitive patterns in hydraulic high-end markets dominated by multinational firms. First coverage, a recommended rating.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.