São Paulo shares (300661.sz) Pan-simulatory platform shaped to open a new round of growth with thick, thin hairs with 30 major categories of over 4,600 products available for sale by mid-2023, covering power management chips and letters
The chain chip, 62 per cent and 37 per cent, respectively, in 2022, was widely applied to industry, automobiles, depressure, corporate performance, falling by 22 per cent to $1,881 million in the previous three quarters, Māori, $89 billion in the size of the global simulation chip market in 2022, with a lower rate of national production, according to wsts.
According to the global simulation chip market in 2022 was $89 billion, compared to 6.52 per cent in 2003-22. We were the largest market for simulation chips, but in 2020 we had a self-sufficiency rate of only about 10 per cent. From downstream, cars and industry are becoming increasingly important, with industry and automobile revenue rising from 24 per cent to 13 per cent in 2013.
For the first time, the share of the annual pan-industrial income was more than half, or 53%, with car electronics accounting for about 4%, expected to be unstaffed; the separation rate was less than 10% in terms of separations from the equity incentive granted to staff. A pan-simulation platform was in place, driven from national production substitution to a thin new round of growth.
Material numbers (over 4,600, increased from 2,300 to over 500 per year, new over 300 in the first half of 2023, fields of application (decentralized), and customer numbers (5,000) have formed a general simulation platform. We believe that in the past, the company has grown rapidly in various ways, driven by the substitution of national production.
Among them, 909 R & D workers, 311 with 10 years and more of integrated circuits, or 34%, have developed new products that are gradually becoming multifunctional, high-end and complex. In addition, the company has built its own testing lines in Jiangyang, helping to open up medium- and high-end products in industry, automobiles, etc.
São da Boa Vontade (300661.sz) - 3-quarter income ring growth of 15%, car regulation forecast and valuation: we maintain the company performance forecast, expected to return net profit to the mother in 2023-25.
St. State shares (300661.sz) - 57 per cent increase in revenue in the previous three quarters, traffic regulations, St. State shares (300661.sz) - second quarter revenue profits are high by season, car cores, power management and signal chain drive, with year-on-year innovation
Simulation chip design company, with over 4,600 available products, power management chip and signal chain chip design company.
The stock code is 300661.sz. The company focuses on the design and marketing of high-performance, high-quality simulation integrated circuits, using the Fabless without crystals, product coverage signal chains and power management two main areas, all of their own, product performance and quality versus world-class model chip manufacturers, some of which are critical.
The labels have been overtaken by events in such fields as industry, automobiles, consumer electronics and communications, and medical care, as well as in emerging markets such as the Internet of goods, new energy sources, and artificial intelligence. Since 2008, companies have been continuously evaluated for “ten major Chineseics with over 4,600 salesable models, of which signal chain simulation chips include a variety of magnifiers, instrument placements, etc.
Large instrument, comparison, sar mode converter (saradc), \delta-\sigma mode converter (\delta-\sigmaadc), modifier (dac), simulation front end (afe), audio power amplifier, video buffer, line drive, simulator, temperature sensor, electro level conversion chip, interface circuits, voltage baseline chip, miniature
Chips, etc.: power management analogue chips including ldo, system monitoring circuits, dc/dc pressure converter, dc/dc lift converter, dc/dc lift converter, back and flashlight led drive, amoled power chip, pmu, overpressure protection, load switch, battery charge management chip, battery protection chip, motor drive chip,
Mosfet drives chips, etc.; two major areas are continuously introducing new Car Code products in all product categories. Figure 1: Corporate product series (as of mid-2023), with over 4,600 products in 30 major categories available for sale
ldo, system monitor power magnifiers, comparison, circuits, dc/dc voltage
Switcher, dc/dc-pressure sar-mode converter, dc/dcl
(saradc)\setminus\delta-design mode converter (-Kow and flash light led drive)
Addc, mode converter, amoled power source (dac), simulation
Chips, pmu, overpressed front end (afe), sound protection, load switch,
Frequency power amplifiers, visual, frequency buffers, circuit drive, battery charge management cores.
Mop, simulator, motor-drive chip, mosfet-drive chip
The founder of the Global Simulation Chip, who maintains control through a concerted action agreement, is Mr. Zhang Shilong, from the Global Simulation Chip Plant, who is the actual controller of the company.
Mr. Long was born in 1966 as a doctoral degree, an engineer at the Professional Design Institute of the Ministry of Railways, and a German instrument engineer after a doctoral degree in 1993 in the United States. Returned home in 2003 and since April 2012 as chairman and general manager of the São Paulo stock. As of 30 September 2023, the company ' s first major shareholder, Hsiang Song Xianghai (Chang)
The company’s four major shareholders, Chang Shilong, is well-known (100%) and Bo Li Hongya (100%) are active), Lin Lin, Hiroshi International (100%) have signed a concerted action agreement to support and consolidate Zhang’s control.
So, although the company's apparent equity is fragmented, the founder, Mr. Zhang Shilong, through a concerted action agreement, has the right to vote of at least 37.47% and is the actual controller of the company, owns 10 subsidiaries, a joint venture. The company has six by merging or investing under the same control.
100% holding subsidiaries, São Bong Wei Electronics (Hong Kong) Ltd., Xiao Yu semiconductor (Shanghai)