Long power technology (600584); first six months of performance, bottom line, full recovery in the second half of the year.
The company is a professional semiconductor chip encapsulation test service provider (osat) with autonomous intellectual property rights fan-out ewlb, wlcsp, bump, pop, fcbga,cip, pa
The loss was $260 million, with a profit of $110 million in the same period last year. q2 quarter operating income of $4.63 billion, etc., covering a full range of computers, network communications, consumer electronics and smart mobile terminals, goods networking, industrial and industrial goods, etc.
With a profit of $0.05 billion, q1 has lost $.47 billion this year. Industry automation controls, auto electronics, etc.. After M&As, the company’s market is the third largest in the world.
The rebound in domestic markets has been evident, but the recovery in overseas markets has been weak, delaying corporate performance as a whole. After the first quarter of the year, the recovery in domestic lockdowns has been evident in the second quarter of the year, but the foreign market is somewhat visible.
Weak, according to wsts, global semiconductor sales fell by the same amount in the first half of 2019.
The 14.28% of overseas affiliates, such as the China-King International indirect-owned company [0981.hk], continue to lose. The company’s current share of business from outside mainland China is over 80%, and the slow recovery of overseas markets affects the company’s overall performance.
New orders will be added in the second quarter, or they will be reflected in the next half of the year’s financial statements. The monthly data from the upstream crystal circle of industrial flagships, the power build-up of the platforms, and the co-optage of frontline firms show that since the second quarter there has been a month-on-month increase in revenue, and market recovery has been slow but marked by a marked trend.
The order takes two to three months to be reflected in the financial statements, so that the company’s performance in the second half of the year may result in long-term benefits for the company from the development of 5g technology.
Advanced technologies, such as fc and crystal-circle encapsulation, will gain ground for use and will be expected to generate long-term benefits for companies by increasing the use of high-end capacity with the release of related products such as storage units, radio frequency front end modules, straps, power management, mobile phone ap, etc.
For the first time, a “recommended” rating was covered. The East’s financial and intellectual boom, long power technology (600584); performance in the first half of the year is at its bottom and a full recovery is expected in the second half of the year.
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, Liu Hui Shau, research assistant brief.
A Bachelor of Technology, Harbin Industrial University, Master of Finance, Shandong University, three years of experience as a nuclear power engineer, joined the Dongcheng Securities in 2019.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports long electricity technology (600584); performance is at its bottom in the first half of the year, with a full recovery expected in the second half of the year.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.