28 March 2024: Kang Long became a 2023 newspaper on 27 March 2024, and the company achieved revenue throughout the year.
3.8 per cent. In a single quarter, company q4 achieved operating income of 2,978 million yuan, an increase of 4.0 per cent in the same year; net profit of 462 million yuan, an increase of 11.7 per cent in the same year; net profit of 431 million yuan, an increase of 18.4 per cent in the same year; core laboratory service plates grew steadily and emerging operations such as clinical, molecular and cgt were rapidly released.
\triangleright splits: (1) Laboratory services earn $6.660 billion, an increase of 9.4 per cent in the same year, of which biological sciences collect billions, an increase of 12.6 per cent in the same year, with about 85 per cent of the revenue coming from drug discovery clients.
Pre-clinic and pre-clinic i/ii projects were 659 and 170, respectively, a reduction of 150 and 60 compared to the same period last year. The main causes of the cold financing of biomedical investments were a slowdown in client demand phase, while the industrial phase of process validation and commerce was 29 projects, an increase of 14 projects, with average project income equal to that of the later stages of the pipeline.
The research assistant, Joboyo, has continued to integrate the increased income of the synergized plate, with the Māori rate increasing by 5.59 pts to 17.1 per cent over the same period, with 1,035 and more than 1,450 clinical coro and smo service lines, respectively, with the level of digitization of services, clients, etc.
Recognition and market share are rising rapidly. (4) Big molecules and cgt earn $425 million, corresponding to growth of 1. Conlong into depth report (300759.sz): platform type 21.2%, of which cgtcdmo serves 13 gene therapy projects and proposes 26 cgt projects
The internationalization of cxo, the continuous expansion of new operations, the non-operation of analytical testing services, including two commercialization projects, and the rapid growth of new businesses.
Capacity in animals; Cyan Park and Beijing Park II are continuing construction. On cmc, the Shashing Factory is planning to build multi-purpose production workshops for oligonucleic acid and multipolymeric acid, and a Singapore formulation plant is set up to complete a good global formulation cdmo service capability. On molecules and cgt, toxicology studies in California.
The Centre is expected to be deployed in 2024 to support toxicological research on cgt products; expansion of the Cgtcdmo laboratory and plant in Liverpool; and partial deployment of the Ningpo Big Molecular Drug Development and Production Platform in 2024, starting with the Big Molecular Gmp Production Project.
The company is expected to increase its income by more than 10 per cent in 2024 as demand recovers. Investment proposal: Conlong will be transformed into a full-process, integrated, internationalized cxo service platform, and the enrichment line will drive business growth. We expect the company to achieve business income in 2024-2026.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.