The first half of 2022 was over-expected, with a 9-price hpv vaccine in Vantaa (603392).
Net profits of $2.65 billion, an increase of 282.68 per cent in the same year, net operating cash flows of $1,721 million, an increase of 356.31 per cent in the same year, net profits of $1,335 million, an increase of 224.54 per cent in the same year, and rapid growth in performance, the main reason for which is that
The company’s 2-priced hpv vaccine is in short supply and fast release. Profitability continues to improve, and vaccine internationalization progresses well.
On the international market, the second-priced hpv vaccine was licensed in May and June 2022 by Morocco and Nepal, and registered in Thailand, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Indonesia, Malaysia, Cambodia, and Kenya.
The announcement is proceeding in an orderly manner, with formal applications for registration of hepatitis E vaccine submitted to the Governments of India, Bangladesh, etc., and further improvements in the international competitiveness of corporate products. Research and development costs continue to increase, with a 9-price hpv vaccine in the statistical analysis phase.
In the year \triangleright, R & D cost 233 million yuan, an increase of 14.13 per cent over the same period. The company's nine-priced Hpv vaccine and the top-to-face clinical trial of Gahda 9 have completed clinical test site and sample testing and is in the process of doing so.
Statistical analysis of data, completion of grouping of clinical trials for young age bridges; Nose spraying of new crown vaccines; Multi-Centred Clinical trials overseas completed for all subjects: Hepatitis E Episode clinical trials conducted in the United States: development of water pox vaccine, new pox vaccine, etc.
The company actively promotes the development of diagnostic reagents and standard substances, such as lung and rectum cancers, Episode anti-urinary tests, Sunda S.A., respiratory tests, htlv tests, and clinical studies.
Cindasecuritiesco., ltd and registration, 2 new coronary nucleic acid diagnostic reagents and 2 influenza virus testing tests were acquired in the country.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect corporate business income for 2022-2024 to be a risk factor: hpv vaccine promotion and sales are below expectations and product development is below expectations. \triangleright
He's a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro work at ppccca and paraexel in 2021, joined the Sinda Securities and was responsible for research in the cxo industry, vouchers for research services and small molecular innovation medicine.
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
Zhao Xiaoshan, a member of the team, a bachelor’s degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, a master’s degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, joined in 2022 to study the trades of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or opinions contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.