In the evening of 29 April 2025, China Oil released its first quarter report for 2025. China Oil (601857.sh)
The price of oil as a whole shows a two-phase trend of first falling and rising, the first phase being influenced by the Trump New Deal, the United States plans to increase crude oil production, and the easing of the conflict in the Russian Federation.
The second phase was affected by the United States strengthening its sanctions on oil-producing countries such as Iran and Venezuela, and international oil prices rebounded. The average Brent oil price was $75 per barrel in the first quarter of 2025, a decline of 8 per cent compared to the previous quarter, and a 1 per cent increase in the ring.
In general, the company’s profits from the oil and gas plates remain prominent, with both refined oil and chemical panels showing a downward trend over the same period last year, with the smelting plates as a whole under pressure. The efficiency gains are remarkable, and the upstream sections have seen a reverse increase in efficiency gains.
In the oil and gas sector, in the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved 467 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent, an increase of one million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 1.2% in the same year, and a steady increase in oil and gas production.
Reduction in expenditure on controlling costs and taxes, $9.76 per barrel per unit of oil and gas operation, 6.0 per cent lower than the $10.38 per barrel for the same period in the previous year, with outstanding efficiency gains. With regard to new energy sources, the volume of wind-fired power generation at 1.680 billion kWh increased by 94.6 per cent from the same period, with a continuing surge in the new energy sector.
Refinement plates are under short-term pressure, and the company's transformation is accelerating. The refining plates, which in 2024 were 337.3 million barrels of crude oil processed, i.e. 4.7 per cent of the year, and the finished oil production, i.e. 28,570,000 tons of oil, i.e. 6.3 per cent of the year, are influenced by factors such as the replacement of new energy vehicles.
Oil sales dropped significantly, companies sold gasoline, kerosene, diesel fuel in the first quarter of 2025, and conversion upgrading projects such as ethylene from Gilling Pulse, ethylene from Guangxi Pulse, Tari from Mono Pulse, ethylene ethylene II from Blue Sea, high-end polyolefin from Blue Sea New Materials, etc. were ordered.
In the first quarter of 2025, the volume of corporate chemical products increased by 9.959 million tons, compared with the increase in the volume of chemical products.
Itd impacts, overall sales and profit performance, but the company continues to push for the transformation of the smelting plate.
At this level, it is expected that firm performance elasticity will be released when the industry landscape of building b is up, as refined oil-specific products, new chemicals products and new materials are developed.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect a company to return 8.17 times its net profit to its mother in 2025-2027. We maintain the company's “buy-in” value as a firm performance growth trend as domestic oil and gas taps and as long-term investment value as a company's market value management approach lands.
Risk factors: below the expected risk of production in increased storage; risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of the company's new build-up capacity failing to produce as expected; risk of downstream demand not being repaired as expected; new energy sources; Dr. Wing, University of Mines, China, registered consulting (investment) engineer, Deputy Managing Director, Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Geological Mineral Economics, China
Member of the Committee, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COIAP), and for over a decade, working on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey Planning and Development Research, Revision of Coal Industry Technology Policy and Enterprise-related Advisory Issues, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Honghwang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant director at the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Central and Specialized Carbon Research Committee of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences, research on energy transformation, carbon neutrality, petrochemical industry development, etc., and led research on medium and long-term projections of energy consumption.
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Master of Financial Sciences, University of Southwest Finance and Economics. In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical components that are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.