Xinjiang oilfield construction accelerated, Xinjiang oilfield construction accelerated, Qius 2025
Xinjiang's oilfields are on two main lines, “Being the dominant oil and gas industry and the big new energy industry.” In 2024, oil and gas production doubled, of which shale oil revolution works over a million tons.
The three-step deployment of Green Transformation, based on Xinjiang's resource endowments, vigorously developing new energy industries, accelerating the creation of high-quality development in China's large oilfields, promoting the deep integration of traditional hydrocarbons and new energy industries, technological progress or promoting the revaluation of traditional hydrocarbon assets, and looking at China's oil, gas and new energy operations.
Clean-up alternatives are carried out in an orderly manner, and technological innovations are increasing fuel efficiency. The Xinjiang oil fields have completed the Xinjiang Oil Production Gas Clean-Up Planning Programme, which has accelerated the promotion of gas-cleaning alternatives for production, reducing technological innovations such as sub-well heating and high-temperature ground heating, “Green + Valley + Power” boilers, multi-energy coupling of biomass boilers with “3D” clean replacements, etc.
Gas self-consumption, resulting in more fuel saving. The 37-breathy oil high-temperature light heat pilot project was the world’s first sagd dense oil tower high-temperature high-temperature thermal pilot project, which could supply 5.23 million tons of high-quality overheating steam annually, replace 3.92 million cubic metres of natural gas, and reduce carbon emissions by 0.85 million tons in the future as new energy technologies and oils become available.
By injecting carbon dioxide into the Earth’s surface, the ccus project can both decouple oil and achieve carbon sequestration, and is an important tool for the future development of low-carbon oil in the oil fields.
The China Oil Information Centre reported that the Xinjiang oilfield 264,000 kilowatts of new energy + coal power + ccus (carbon capture, use and storage) integration project, which is an important attempt by China ' s oil to integrate energy solutions, will develop traditional fossil energy in combination with new energy sources, while collecting coal power emissions, will be completed in 2026.
Carbon dioxide, used to drive crude oil extraction in oil fields, and to build a new vision for low-carbon production. According to the Xinjiang oil field “2112” project, carbon injections will reach 10 million tons in 2030, China’s oil ccus technology applications or entry into new energy sources will deepen, and capacity for sustainable development will increase. According to China Oil 2024, 2024.
Total market value (RMB million) Wind-fired power generation of 4.72 billion kWh, an increase of 116.2 per cent over the same year; first major centralized wind-fire project in the Jilin oil field, average daily turnover of 3 months (RMB million)
A million kilowatt-class photovoltaic power station was installed in Qinghaigl, construction began on projects such as wind power generation in Da Qinglin, 2.64 million kilowatts of new energy sources in Kramaj and coal-aided coal capture integration, and the development of full-chain carbon capture, utilization and storage (ccus) was accelerated. Capital expenditures for the oil, gas and new energy subsectors in 2025 are expected to be RMB.
The sum of $21.00 billion will be used mainly for the exploration and development of economies of scale for domestic and offshore hydrocarbon projects, for the development of non-conventional resources such as shale gas, shale oil, for the acceleration of gas storage capacity-building and for the promotion of new energy projects such as clean electricity, geothermal heating, ccus and hydrogen energy demonstration.
In the context of deep coupling of oil and gas mining technologies and new energy applications, oil and gas and new energy plates are expected to perpetuate high-quality international oil price volatility risks, changes in environmental policies or natural disasters, among other factors, leading to abnormal production installations, personnel conduct China Oil 20241031
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations Petroleum petrochemicals: refining and trading