Motherhood net profits are rising inversely, and robust against risk. \triangleright \triangleright
Millions of yuan, or 2.3 per cent in the same year; net profit of 46.560 billion yuan in the same year, or 1.5 per cent in the case of non-mortality. Hydrocarbons promotes a slight increase in business profits of the same year. 25q1, the company ' s total operating profit was 65.18 billion yuan, \triangleright
This represents an increase of 0.8 per cent over the same period; of these, the oil and gas and the new energy/gas sales, respectively, have achieved operating profits; oil and gas prices, costs, have stagnated, and natural gas sales have steadily expanded. 25q1, the company has achieved \triangleright
Volume production was 467 million barrels, or +0.7 per cent; of this, crude oil production was 240 million barrels, +0.3 per cent for the same year, US$/barrel, or 7.2 per cent for the same year; domestic gas sales averaged US$ 9.01/kc feet, or 3.9 per cent for the same year; in addition, the company increased the development of direct sales customers, industrial customers and gas and electricity consumers, and continued to build up.
At the end of the market, 86.4 billion cubic metres of natural gas were sold, compared to 3.7 per cent, at a cost of $9.76 per barrel per unit of oil and gas for 25 q1, compared to 6.0 per cent for the same period, resulting in more significant efficiency gains. The weak demand in the finished oil market reduced the volume and profitability of finished oil production.
The crude oil processing volume was 337 million barrels, compared to 4.7 per cent, of which the production of gas/wood/ceramic oil was reduced, respectively, because of reduced market demand. In addition, the unit of refined oil products, Māori and Māori for international trade in sales, were reduced.
Research assistant, Lujaki Chemical Transformation, continues to move forward, with less oil and higher value added. The company has increased its efforts with new chemical products, materials, and continues to push the refinery conversion up. 25q1, the company's crude oil processing and finished oil production are on average.
In addition, synthetic resins, synthetic fibres 1. Chinese oil (601857.sh) was reported in 2024 as having recorded a decline in ethylene production of 2.270,000 tons, which is almost the same as the previous year; and in 2024, China ' s oil (601857.sh) reported that performance was the highest in the same period and that profitability was expected to increase.
Investment recommendations: The company is a domestic oil and gas leader with abundant upstream resources and a complete downstream industrial chain.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.