Three-quarterly review of 2025: Operation Alpha on track, performance 20/10/2025 Keyword: #Performance #Export Orientation
According to the Customs Department, exports of transformers/high voltage switches at the end of September stood at 46472,27.919 million yuan, the demand for overseas electricity equipment was high, and the company’s international high-morier orders were delivered to raise profits on a quarterly basis.
By the end of September, we expected the company to remain at more than 50 per cent of its overseas orders throughout the year, and, with the rise in the share of overseas revenue + the further spread of overseas inputs, the international business-to-firm profit margin curve would be better in terms of domestic stability, with over-the-horizon expected to extend into the aidc field.
The market share is solid, benefiting from a breakthrough in the national net market of 750kvgis, with companies winning a cumulative bid of $4.773 billion for grid transmission equipment in one to four batches of countries, i.e. +84 per cent in the same year, and a boost in the volume + share to drive firm growth in the company network.
We expect the traditional new energy generation market and industrial market revenues and orders to be under pressure, to be able to do business, to have a share of the cumulative surplus of about 2.4gwh on the 24-year company energy storage system, and to have a strong downstream demand, and we expect the company to be able to keep the purchase orders and revenues growing at a high rate.
In the area of Aidc, in addition to traditional power transformers trying to break through downstream North American customers, the company ' s super-volcanic products are expected to continue to be available in the aidc.  market-end inputs are increased and inventory & contract liabilities are growing rapidly.q1-3 costs are incurred during the company ' s period.
As a result of the company's continued increased investment in overseas and other downstream markets, the cost rate for the period was " Thought Electric (002028): Mid-point 2025 " .
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company’s share of overseas income has continued to rise as a result of rising profit margins.
Sea cashing profits have increased significantly.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.