Continuing breakthroughs, both within and outside the country, with high performance and profitability — Xingen Electric (002028.sz) 2025q3 performance rating — Xinse Electric (stock code: 002028)
The market share of the domestic grid has been rising steadily, and the joint venture has been set up as a cluster of high-volt valves. The country’s 25-year-to-September grid is 100 million yuan, or +22.9% of the year, and the company’s top four winnings exceed 4.84 billion yuan, or +73.5% of the year. In September, the company announced the establishment of a joint venture focusing on the development, production and marketing of high-voltware-based products.
By 2030, global electricity grid investments are expected to double to $60 billion, demand for electrical equipment is high, and transformers are expected to export 45.91 billion yuan in January-September.
Billion dollars, +88.95%, or 33.68% of total revenue, and +9.12 pcts. We believe that the company’s profitability will continue to grow as the ocean rises further. Super capacitors are expected to become new growth points.
A major target project for the current successful acquisition of automobiles is expected to be expanded to the Aidc area, with the creation of the first-ever coverage of _Galactic Electric (002028.sz) private initiative for electrical equipment and the expansion of the market for improved products.
I am committed to producing this report with diligence, independence, and objectivity, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.