\triangleright 22/10/2025
The Māori rate continues to rise, reducing efficiency gains. The Māori rate of 25q1-3 and the net interest rate have been raised to Dun Yongkang, respectively. Changes affect exchange gains and losses; and the company ' s 25q1-3 sales fees are influenced by factors such as positive market expansion, new products, etc.
The company ' s stock levels increased from year to year, supporting subsequent performance growth. The 25q1-3 company ' s inventory amounts to \triangleright ' s inventory and advances increased from year to year, mainly due to the rapid growth in some of its operations, resulting in an increase in stock levels and a corresponding increase in advances.
The increase in payments due from suppliers to Xu Jul Chul indicates that the company ' s business remains relatively high and its inventory remains at a high level, which is expected to support the company ' s subsequent performance growth.
Continue to nurture new business such as auto electronics. In addition to the traditional business of robust growth, the company actively nurtures a new \triangleright business, continuing to expand to a high-scaling energy component centred on super-cubes (with blended hyperplastic features), lithium batteries, etc.
• Automobile Electronics and Electronics, 25h1 company automobiles and electronics received $45.45 million, compared with growth, performance rating: 25h1 performance is high, overseas market contribution
216.58 per cent, with the new business maintaining a high growth trend. \triangleright 2. Think-Source Electric (00228.sz) semi-annual 2025
Quick-performance rating: 25h1 performance bright, equity buyback high, new products, new markets on a continuous basis and maintenance of recommended ratings.
Review: Performance is fast-growing, benefiting from the growth of the global electricity grid, which requires growth - 2025/01/19 - methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.