Al-Ephthalm (300015) continued expansion, both within and outside the sea, with 23 years of quick restoration of q1 performance, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
The same ratio increased by 7.4 per cent, resulting in a net profit of 2.52 billion yuan to the mother, or 8.7 per cent, and a deduction of about 2.92 billion yuan, which continued to expand both within and outside the country, creating a layered network layout. The company continued to speed up the stratification of the medical network, steadily advancing the construction of regional ophthalmological centres in the central city and the capital city of the province, while accelerating the construction of regional ophthalmological centres in the provincial capital.
The construction of a network of horizontal, peer-to-peer consultations in one city, multi-horizontal hospitals, eye-vision clinics (clinics) and eye-to-eye stations has led to the development of a “horizontal, vertical network” layout in several provinces, with a further increase in the efficiency of resource allocation and sharing in the region. In 2022, the company opened 215 hospitals (41 new) in China.
A total of 148 clinics (30 new) and 118 ophthalmological centres and clinics overseas (six new) have been deployed, gradually forming a worldwide network of health services, with increasingly hierarchical chain advantages and scale effects. In 2022, 1,1251,000 consultations were achieved, i.e. +10.4 per cent and 871,000 surgeries, i.e. +6.5 per cent, throughout the year.
Basic ophthalmology operations have declined slightly, and consumer ophthalmology operations have continued to expand. Companies rely more on consumer ophthalmology for growth in operating income and consumption ophthalmology as a share.
The Māori rate is similar to -1.5% due to a slight decline in prices and the company’s increasing R&D in the future. The company’s growth has reached maturity and cost structure is stable, but due to a 22-year epidemic, and the company’s 20th anniversary celebrations have seen a sharp fall in prices.
+22.1% The company continues to refine the Science, Technology and Innovation Platform for Medical Teaching and Research, increasing the clinical application of new technologies such as “Surgery of Smart Flying Seconds” and further advancing the construction of “digital ophthalmology” and further strengthening core competitiveness.
3. El ophthalmology (300015): Quality business models are promoted and global ophthalmology giants (2022-05-26) have not been launched and will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.