El ophthalmology (300015.sz) increased by 20 per cent in the first quarter of 2023 over the same period, with a continuous improvement in the chained medical network, with a strong recovery in the first quarter of 2023 as a result of the stress of the epidemic in 2022.
The effects of the force majeure factor and the multiple flow restrictions or stoppages of hospitals in many parts of the country have affected patients' access to health care, but the company has been working on the s0980522080001.
Cross-line interactions converge and, thanks to continued increased brand influence, performance remained stable throughout the year. The Māori ratio of operations has declined to varying degrees, and is expected to be associated with multiple factors such as the epidemic, but net. Financial costs have fallen by 94% over the year, benefiting mainly from exchange gains.
(+22.1%). The company continues to increase its investment in applied techniques and digital transformational research for ophthalmology. Net cash flow of $4.49 billion (+10.0%) is 178% relative to net profit from maternity.
At the same time, the share of high-end surgery has increased further, creating a good situation for the better. Cataract operations are affected by the epidemic, with project revenues falling by 2.19% over the same period, and Māori rates of 35.34% (-2.33 pp), and Cataract operations continue to have significant development space as the recognizable cataract rises to duratory cataracts.
El ophthalmology (300015.sz) - Acquisition of a portion of 14 hospitals, further advanced The implementation of the national youth near-visit prevention and control strategy and the continued improvement of company visual product lines, The Al ophthalmology (300015.sz) - tri-quarter evaluation of 2022: third-quarter return to mother
In 2022, the company grew by 20% on the same basis as net profits, and maintained sound operations in the event of an outbreak.
El ophthalmology (300015.sz)-2022: The first half of the year was a net profit to the mother as the core of the medical research and research system, increasing the academic capacity of scientific research.
Large Data Inventory Series (3) - Eye Industry Chains: Services at the top, Equipment at the top, Innovative Device Inventory Series (1) - Eye Industry Chains: Innovation Drivers, Services for the King.
“Inherent + outreach” together supports performance growth and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Underline interactions converged and, thanks to the growing brand influence, performance continued to grow robustly throughout the year. 2022 Good; 118 ophthalmology centres and clinics were deployed overseas to form a worldwide network of health services. In the first quarter of 2023, $5,021 million was collected, representing an increase of 20.44 per cent; and the net return to the mother was $781 million, representing an increase.
27.92 per cent; recovery was strong by deducting non-mortality net profits of $752 million, an increase of 20.73 per cent over the same period. Māori rates for each operation have declined to varying degrees, with projected adjustments and weeks to the epidemic, the drig/dip payment model, mainly increasing costs such as salaries for health education workers and science-based activities; and management costs of 14.2 per cent (+1.2pp).
This is mainly due to increased equity incentive costs, higher staff remuneration, equipment maintenance, etc. Financial costs continue to increase, compared to the previous year, the investment in ophthalmology application techniques and digital transformation studies.
Operating cash flows maintain healthy quality. Net operating cash flows amounted to $4,491 million in 2022 (+10.0 per cent) and net operating cash flows amounted to 178 per cent of net profit returns, indicating that companies had high-quality and healthy cash flows, which rose further in the first quarter of 2023. The book currency funds reached 65.63 per cent in the first quarter of 2022.
Billion, as a result of the new steady rise in the ground, the company has sufficient cash reserves for hospital re-enhancement and market expansion, the maintenance of good growth in trough and visualization operations, and the negative impact of eye diseases, such as cataracts and immediate projects, which account for 6,337 million (+14.8 per cent), Māori, 56.82 per cent, and the increase in the number of draught surgery.
The ratio of high-end surgery has increased further, creating a good situation with a high price, and companies are increasing their investment in the construction of primary hospitals, kryptonology. Cataract operations have been affected by the epidemic, with project revenues falling by 2.19% over the year, while Māori has reached 35.34% (-2.33 pp) and cataracts as the recognizable cataracts have escalated to pristine cataracts.
The company has strengthened its health quality management system and further improved its research and research platform to enhance its academic capacity. In 2022, the company’s incidence of eye infection after cataracts was 0.083% (the national rate for tri-a hospital is about 0.03%);
The prevalence of ophthalmology after cutting was 0.0115 per cent (about 0.05 per cent for both domestic and foreign statistics); average hospital prescription 97.7 per cent and average hospital prescription 98.8 per cent, all of which meet the national ophthalmology assessment criteria. The company developed a system of medical studies with “multi-hospital” “two-stops” at its core, 2022
(a) A strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the University of the North-West to formally establish the “North-West University-affiliated El ophthalmology Hospital”;
After doing so, we have two provincial innovation platforms, the Hunan State Research Centre for Visual Engineering and the Hunan International Research and Technical Cooperation Base. The company has officially adopted a new technology, new products, a technological leadership, and multi-level demand 2022.
In the year, the company introduced “Swiss Flight Second icl surgery”, which combined flight-second laser technology with an icl crystal implantation operation; pre-tested policy advantage in the City of Etobor and promoted the implementation of the “first case” of the icl-v5 Crystal Surgery Group; advanced the application of the new technology for icl surgery; introduced the “upgrading” of the focal frame glasses — the “thinking” off-the-focal customization
The Ell Eye Hospital in Boone City uses fluorine and light glass implants as the first institutions to treat diabetic yellow edema. At the same time, the company promotes close-visit prevention clinics for young people, diabetes eye clinics, cataract clinics, high-visibility clinics and dry eye clinics for five major eye diseases.
In 2022, the company completed a targeted fund-raising campaign amounting to 3,536 million yuan, mainly in Changsha, Hubei, Anhui, Shenyang, Shanghai, Guizhou and seven Nanning provinces.
The city hospital built a regional ophthalmology centre. Of these, Chang Shaaïre, Shanghai El, and Nan Ning El have moved, Hubei El, An Qi El-Shaan are in the process of being renovated, and Shen Yang-il and Guiyang-il are in the process of being built.
With the rapid expansion of the hierarchical chain, the “internal + outreach” together supported performance growth. The net profit was strong, branding was growing, and a well-developed system of medical research and human resource development had been developed for the next decade.
“Secondary entrepreneurship” is steadily moving forward, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author