The repurchase program highlights the development of confidence The El ophthalmology (300015) event: the company issued an announcement on the repurchase of the company ' s shares program.
The company proposes to use its own funds to buy back the company’s portion in a centralized competitive transaction using not less than whm2@dgzq.com.cn’s 300 million yuan and not more than $500 million (all of which are in this amount).
The main data are dated 26 May 2023.
The company proposes to buy back shares for the purpose of implementing equity incentives or employee-holding schemes, which will enable the company to further develop and refine benefit-sharing mechanisms to enhance employee cohesion and core competitiveness, and to achieve a sustained recovery in the performance of the head of the company. 2023q1, the company realizes a gross operating income of $5,021 billion.
This represents an increase of 20.44 per cent; a net return of 781 million yuan, an increase of 27.92 per cent in the same year; and an upturn in the acceleration ring of 2022 q4 and 2022 q1 in the same year, mainly due to the implementation of the National Prevention and Control Strategy for Young People, as well as the continued completion of the company's visual products.
In the short term, the growth rate of corporate performance is expected to be sustained by the liberalization of the epidemic. In the medium and long term, the domestic market for ophthalmology services continues to expand, and companies continue to consolidate their leadership positions and are expected to benefit from the industrial growth dividend.
Investment proposals: The ability of companies to integrate global resources is increasing, clinical, pedagogical, scientific, human and global integration is accelerating, scale and platform advantages are becoming more visible and long-term development is achievable. “positive” investors are only suitable for risk-level studies that are no higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors are suitable for risk levels in our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the publication of this report.