A strong recovery in performance, with consumer medical operations maintained relative to El ophthalmology (300015): in recent days, companies have issued annual reports 2022 and one quarterly report 2023, with companies achieving a camp in 2022
The performance of 2023q1 recovered strongly. The 2022q4 company achieved revenues of 3,058 million yuan, correspondingly with growth of 415 million yuan, or 31.67 per cent, for research assistants in the medical industry of Nguyen Ghundun, with fluctuations in performance, mainly affected by the epidemic.
A strong recovery in the performance of 2023q1 was achieved, with revenue and lubricants growing by more than 20 per cent on a high base of 2022q1. 56.82 per cent, with changes of 2.13 pct, income from sight and light operations amounted to 3,779 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
0.08 per cent of the incidence of ophthalmological infections after internal impairments (approximately 0.03 per cent in the country ' s tri-a hospital), 0.0115 per cent (approximately 0.05 per cent in the domestic and foreign statistics) and 97.7 per cent on average of hospital prescriptions and 98.8 per cent on average.
As of 31 December, 215 hospitals in the company, 148 outpatient clinics and 118 ophthalmological centres and clinics have been deployed overseas to form a worldwide network of health services.
The sum of revenues from the Great Hospital was $3.144 billion, an increase of 3.7 per cent from the previous year and a net profit of $760 million from the same figure for the CindaSecuritiesco., Ltd.
In 2022, the company's Māori rate was 50.46%, a change of 1.46pt, \triangleright.
The corresponding figures are 74.88, 53.76 and 39.95 times, respectively, taking into account the merit of the company's hierarchical chain model and the continued growth of market demand for ophthalmological diseases, and maintaining the “buy-in” rating; risk factors: medical risk, human resources risk, goodwill risk.
\triangleright Center General Manager. Joined the Sinda Securities in 2022 as Deputy General Manager of the Research and Development Center. Second in 2021 in a new package of zero-sum suits, Steam Wing, team member, Master of Pharmacy, Shanghai University of Transport, worked in clinical coro in ppcca and paraxel, 2021.
Joining the Sinda Securities, in charge of research in the cxo industry, vouchers, in charge of research services and small molecular innovation medicine.
In April, he became a member of the business of medical devices and medium-sized tablets. Zhao Chang-Sung, member of the team, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Mellon University, 2 years old.
The component is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business that the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.