Qualitative evaluation: Long-term supply of Tesla, quality re-acknowledged on November 08, 2020.
Nguyen Xiaoyan: The company signed a long-term supply agreement with Tesla, which agreed on product pricing models, modes of supply, product standards, etc.
Tesla does not guarantee the volume of products to be purchased, and the subsequent Tesla will present the demand through an order. The effect of the agreement on the company’s future performance is therefore uncertain depending on the specific order of the subsequent Tesla.
The long-term supply agreement is for Tesla's own battery production, the product standards are discussed together, and the product is highly recognized by overseas customers.
Previously, in the Freemont plant in the United States, the company planned the Berlin factory in Germany and the Austin factory in the United States to build their own battery capacity. Tesla planned its own battery, with a stronger heart, and the company planned its production for 21 years, from 22 to 100 years, and was optimistic.
We're expected to start a large-scale delivery in 22 years, with Tesla battery production estimated at around 10gwhh in 22 years, with orders close to 20,000 tons a year, and a share of the later gifts expected to be more than 50%. The base is expected to start a small batch in 21 years, with the prospect of accelerating the European battery plant, the customer.
It is expected that the European base q2 will be launched next year, with the prospect of accelerating the certification and accompanying of the Ninder German base, the lg Polish base, and so on.
The company’s output is expected to increase by about 70,000 tons in 20 years, with a 50% increase in the same year, an increase in the price of 6F, a smooth transfer of electrolyte prices, and a strong elasticity in the company’s performance.
I. TEXT MATERIALS (002.009): Electrolysis at the base of the annual price level, competitive pattern advantages, enhanced voice rights, current quotations for the electrolyte, 2, Tin Chi material (002.709), electrolysis
It's been successfully transmitted. So for 21 years, it's two-litre electrolyte, and we're measuring a huge increase in the price of HFC6 million, with capom ccm/tonne, which doubles to nearly $700 million in electrolyte profits; if the price of HFC6 goes up to $120,000,
3. The gift material (002.009): a big up-front advance, Kapom + electrolyte incident: the company signed a long-term supply agreement with Tesla, which agreed on the product pricing model, the mode of supply, the product
Tesla does not guarantee the volume of products to be purchased, and Tesla will present the procurement demand through a purchase order. The effect of an agreement on the company’s future business performance is therefore uncertain depending on the specific order of Tesla.
The long-term supply agreement is for Tesla ' s own battery production, the product standards are discussed together, and the product is highly recognized by overseas clients. Tesla is currently testing line production at the Freemont plant in the United States.
1.5gwh, the company plans to build its own battery capacity at the Berlin factory in Germany and the Austin factory in the United States. Tesla is more determined to make its own battery, and the company plans to deliver 10 gwh for 21 years, 22 to 100 gwh, which is more optimistic. I am tons. We expect the initial supply to be largely exclusive. The order for the electrolyte for 21 years is close to 20,000 tons.
It is expected that the European base will begin a small batch in 21 years, with the prospect of accelerating the appliance of the European battery plant and further optimizing the client structure. It is proposed to build the Czech base, with a planned annual capacity of 100,000 tons, with a total investment of 275 million yuan in one phase, corresponding to a 30,000 tons/year electrolyte project. We expect the European base to start delivering samples next year.
The German base, the lg Polish base, etc., further optimizes the client structure. The company’s output is expected to be about 70,000 tons in 20 years, figure 1: the market pattern for electrolyte fluids is on, the price of electrolyte is going up, the price of the fluids is going up, and the company’s performance is high.
Zhang, with successive price increases of $9-95,000 per ton, some companies offer a price of $100,000 per ton, an increase of $10,000 per ton over the bottom. For the third year in a row, the electrolytic fluid price base is stable, competitive patterns are superior, the voice is strengthened, and the current electrolytic liquid offer is $43,44,000 per ton, with price increases of 10-20%, and the cost increases associated with HFC-6 and solvent price increases have spread smoothly.
So, for 21 years, the electrolytic fluid will be two-litre, and we'll measure the price of 100,000 yuan/tons, and the profit from the company will double to nearly 700 million yuan; if the price of hexafluoride rises to 120,000 yuan/tons, the profit from the electrolyte will be as much as 900 million yuan. Figure 2: Solution and hexafluoride price trends
There is a significant advantage in the cost of liquid hexafluoride, and there is an increased demand for new lithium salt. The company ' s liquid hexafluoride production process saves the process by 15 to 20% less than the solid average, with a capacity of 10,000 tons in 20 years, and the 60,000-ton liquid hexafluoride project was launched in July.
The company’s new lithium salt production is currently about 600 tons, mainly for Tesla and other 811 battery products. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.