The crystal-singer appliance report (300316) was over-expected, benefiting from the photovolt + semiconductor.
Zhou's 10 shares send a cash dividend of $1 (including taxes). In 2017, q1 received $370 million (+106 per cent of the year) and the mother's net gain was $6.77 million (+137 per cent of the year).
Performance exceeded expectations, benefiting from a higher share of the light-voltage reheating + monocrystal market
Line recognition and market share continued to rise, crystal growth equipment, especially single crystalline silicon, was better sold, with a significant increase in both orders and acceptances in 2016. 6 percentage points of profitability were reduced, and management costs were significantly reduced.
In 2016, the combined Māori rate was 38.9% and the same ratio was 5.7pt. In the sub-operation, the Māori rate for crystalline silicon long-range equipment and photovoltaic smart equipment was 47.3% and 43.3% respectively, compared to +1.6/-4.8pt respectively. The Māori rate was still higher in the mechanical industry, although it declined.
-7.55pc, the increase in management costs is due to increased investment in research and development.Single crystal equipment, the future focus on semiconductor equipment.Corporates, as domestic monocrystal equipment, always use R & D as a source of power.
The new special monocrystal furnace for the direct-difficult melting crystals (the direct-law-plus-region molten) in the country's major technologically-developed, large-scale integrated circuit manufacturing equipment and suites has now been sold to Taiwan (about $1 million per unit) to show that the quality of the product has been obtained.
Clients recognize that the company is currently the only manufacturer in the country capable of making semiconductor equipment. The annual report also reveals that a fully automated crystal grinder of semiconductor equipment has been successfully developed, bringing together the crystal bar grinding circle, direction, and direction that would have required three different processing devices to complete.
Sapphire is expected to increase the layout of semiconductor reprocessing equipment in the future. Sapphire will earn $34.3 million in 2016, and future input will depend on the price of the sapphire stove, and we expect the postnatal energy release to be accelerated by the project.
Corporate review: Growth is progressing well and short-term performance is supporting, company review: reported performance is up to expectations, photovoltaic plus semiconductor doubles/snipes, and future corporate investment in sapphire operations depends on price trends in sapphire.
Corporate Review: Transistor Power (300316): With high performance growth, short-term company performance will benefit from the light-voltage industry and, in the long term, from the semiconductor industry.
High-profile and national support for the national production of semiconductor equipment, it is proposed to focus on the company half-cent corporate rating: Transistor Power (300316): the winning bid exceeded $200 million: pe 37/28/24x, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Contract for photovoltaic equipment, domestic semiconductor monocrystal equipment Company comment: crystallizer power (300316) Company comment: crystallizer power (300316) Company review: crystallizer power (300316) Photovoltage, sapphire
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board