China's move (600941.sh) The new business in the telecommunications industry is growing rapidly, and companies continue to promote high-scoring policies.
According to data released by the Ministry of Information and Communications, in January-October, cumulative telecommunications revenue reached $141.68 billion, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the previous three quarters, an increase of 0.1 percentage points over the previous three quarters. Of this amount, revenues from new and emerging operations have been growing rapidly, with a total of $301.2 billion in January-October, an increase of 20.5 per cent over the same period.
As a share of 21.3 per cent of income, the increase in revenues from telecommunications operations by 3.9 percentage points, the company as the leader of the industry The growth in revenues from new businesses in telecommunications continued to be high, with attention paid to cloud computing, big data, material networking, etc.: According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, cumulative revenues from telecommunications operations reached $141.68 billion in January-October, a year-on-year increase
Voice and mobile voice operations generated $15.92 billion and $93.87 billion, a decrease of 7.6 per cent and 3 per cent, respectively, over the same period; emerging business revenues continued to grow rapidly, with three major operators actively developing new operations such as iptv (Web TV), Internet data centres, big data, cloud computing, and networking, which ended in January-October.
The revenue from active operations increased by $301.2 billion, by 20.5 per cent, and from telecommunications by 21.3 per cent, and by 3.9 percentage points. With cloud computing and large data revenues increasing at a similar rate, it is expected to continue to benefit from the growth of emerging operations.
In the first three quarters, growth was robust and the growth rate was strong: companies achieved 776.5 billion yuan, yoy + 7.2 per cent in the first three quarters of 2023, 105.5 billion yuan in the net profit of the mother, yoy + 7.1 per cent (a 9.6 per cent increase in the corresponding gain and a 3.8 per cent increase in the net profit of 29.3 billion yuan in the same period of performance of the sub-business.
In terms of personal operations, the 5g package had 750 million clients, an increase of 34.65 per cent in the same year, with an increase of 1 per cent to $51.2 in the value of the arpu; in the household market, the number of broadband clients in the middle household reached the dollar; and the growth of the political and corporate market was faster, with the related operating income of 86.6 billion yuan in the previous three quarters, a comparison.
Increased investment in research and development is being made to promote the new generation of communication technologies, such as 5g and 6g, and to accelerate the development of the ai industry: in the past few years, China has significantly increased its capacity for mobile innovation by building a number of national-level vehicles, such as the National Centre for Industrial Research, the National Platform for Open Innovation with Artificial Intelligence.
Taking on the country’s major scientific and technological priorities and continuing to lead the new generation of communication technologies, such as 5g and 6g. The creation of a network of arithmetic technologies has moved from conceptual prototypes to industrial practices, with over 150 billion annual transfers of intelligence, increased original innovation capabilities, and an orderly release of innovation values.
There has been a significant increase in innovation capacity, with the creation of national-level vehicles such as the National Engineering Research Centre, the National Artificial Intelligence and the Open Innovation Platform.
In industrial practice, intelligence is transferred more than 150 billion times a year, original innovation is growing, and innovation value is released in an orderly manner. We believe that moving as a domestic leader is expected to provide a future digital transformation with the advantage of the operator to go deep into arithmetic industrial chains and cut into the service business.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.