Data, arithmetic, ailing, continuing high performance, China moving (600941)
Events: In recent days, the World Internet Congress U-Jin Summit in 2023 was held in Zhejiang-U. China’s mobile chart shows that the digital world is expanding and continues to breathe life and dynamism into economic and social development. Three aspects are represented, with data becoming new factors of production, arithmetic becoming a new basic energy source, and artificial intelligence becoming a new life.
Faced with the new situation and new demands, China’s move is to make science, technology, and innovation the core of the enterprise, and to constantly enhance its core functions. New infrastructure, such as 5g-based stations, is rich, 5g penetration is increasing, and basic profitability is increasing.
Tens of thousands, of which 700 mhz5g base stations are 578,000; external access to idc hangars amounts to 478,000, accumulated more than 804 thousand Arithmetic servers, increased by a net increase of over 91,000, and reached 9.4 eflops, with operators with a wide space potential for new capital markets and new business developments such as cloud support operations.
On the whole, all three major operators have over 50% penetration of 5g, and the 5g penetration rate remains ahead of the China mobile larger user base. With the new capital upgrade and 5g penetration, the performance is relatively deep at 300%.
In the context of rising rates, the average flow of mobile Internet users (dou) remains high, the chbn strategy has been steadily pursued, the arpu value is expected to rise steadily. Deep participation in the data factor market, and marginal improvements in emerging operations such as the political cloud business.
By virtue of the industry chain-to-end advantage, data security can be achieved over the entire web. The largest Idc and cloud computing resource pools exist in terms of data generation, data transmission, data storage and analytical applications. Operators have access to the entire industry chain and are expected to yield priority benefits.
Of this total, 60.18 billion yuan/+24.9 per cent was earned by dict operations in the public and private markets, 10.15 billion yuan/+25.9 per cent was earned by international players in emerging markets, 13.40 billion yuan/+12.5 per cent was earned by digital content.
There has been significant growth. Companies have continued to strengthen their integrated “nets + clouds +dict” expansion, giving full advantage to cloudnet resource endowments, and maintaining strong growth in energy.
[Galactic communication] China's move point: 5g “input period” is changed to “take-over period” and the operator's lead performance and valuation are expected to double up, with shareholders accounting for more than 70% of the profits. China moves as a leader in the industry, with the overall size and interest range.
We look forward to the future growth of the company, together with the latest performance of the company, and give the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute a commitment to work diligently, independently and objectively, to present this report, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Eight years of China’s research on mobile communications and six years of securities experience.