Southern Airlines, whose profits are expected to rise in the second half of the year, grew by 11.8 per cent in the first half of the year and transport revenues by the same time.
11.6%, in line with our projections. Total rpk (income passenger km) increased 12.5% over the same period, and airline passenger occupancy rose 2.2 percentage points. Total passenger revenue fell 2.0% over the same year, with domestic revenues maintained but net profits fell 11.1% over the same year, mainly due to higher oil prices and ask (available passenger km)
The increase in the average fuel consumption results in higher fuel costs. Given the stable outlook for oil prices and the renminbi exchange rate, stock price performance-a shares plus a healthy supply and demand outlook, we predict a better performance in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year.
As a result of the slowdown in international ask growth, international passenger transport revenues are likely to continue to decline in the second half of the year, albeit in a narrow way. Companies forecast a total increase of 12 per cent in the second half of the year. Domestic ask and international divisions announced a rise in guest rates as summer 2017 continued the strong momentum that began in 2016.
Stable, with a slight decline in returns. Given that the price of oil narrowed in the second half of the year, coupled with the devaluation of the renminbi, led to a significant loss of 1.76 billion yuan in the second half of the 16th year, the second half of the 17th year is unlikely to be significant, and we expect a net profit in the second half of the 17th year to be higher than in the first half of the 17th year.
The asset rate of return is positive, and we think the target market net rate of 1.12 times the ratio of h shares is reasonable. I think the relationship between a share and the h market is stable, based on the valuation of the company listed in China and Hong Kong. Since the average premium for the unit ' s a-h shares was 78% over the past two years, we maintain the share of a share.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Transport: Airline Liu Chi Seong, cfa