Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Center (CRIS) Increase in the number of Chinese North (002371.sz) (first rating) Semiconductor industry recovery is imminent, with equipment leading to the reboot of North China.
The recovery in demand, such as 5g/iot/server, and the return to a new round of semiconductor industry in the Yangtze River, with a high growth phase, with a semiconductor equipment industry premonition; a 6 per cent increase in smart phone sales and a return to demand for more than 15 per cent growth, owing to the projected wave of 5g mobile phones next year
Sue, the global semiconductor industry is expected to start a new upturn after two years of decline in 2018-2019. North American semiconductor equipment orders are out of the bottom, the country’s Yangjiang storage and co-location, and the two big storage chip plants are on the way to production, with Yangjia storing the first production and making the first production.
For the priority projects of self-control and nationalization, it is expected that there will be significant pull effects on domestic semiconductor equipment, and that North China will benefit fully from creating a domestic semiconductor. Large funds will be the third largest strategic shareholder of the company, and the synergies in the industrial chain are expected to increase.
Strengthened: The company ' s controlling shareholder, Beijing Electric Control, is also the national owner of the display of the China-based China-Kyoto and the Simulation/Separation Equipment Plant, the Great Fund, as the third largest shareholder of the company, holds custody of the Crystal-Crystal International on the semiconductor industrial chain, the sealing plant ' s long power technology, and the storage of the chip factory 's merchant Yangjiang.
With the domestic semiconductor industry growing at 20% per year, the semiconductor equipment industry will continue to grow at a high rate of more than 20%, and the company, as industry leader, will have a more pronounced advantage in the integration of the industrial chain. The “platform” semiconductor equipment plant has great potential for growth, and future semiconductor equipment is expected to grow.
The company has developed a multi-product matrix of corrosion equipment, sediment equipment (pvd/cvd/ald), oxidizers and cleaning equipment, not only to provide long-term growth kinetic energy for the platform ' s multi-conductor type semiconductor equipment.
By taking on a number of 02 technology-specific tasks to create bulk supply capacity in 28 nm, and more advanced than 14 nm, R & D has started to be developed, and with the certification of downstream customers and the acceleration of the national production substitution process, the compounding of the company's electronics equipment will be 50 per cent faster over the next three years.
We believe that the company's hand order is sufficient, semiconductor equipment will recover ahead of industry, and that the company is expected to grow 43% at a three-year compound speed.
The Chinese-American trade war has intensified, the pace of production of domestic crystal-crystal plants has slowed, and the procurement of semiconductor equipment has been delayed; stocks in the Yangtze River have not been as fast as expected for the import of North China's innovative products; and stocks have been restricted from the risk.
1. In China, the semiconductor-specific equipment for investment in the “big age” of the Transcrystal Mill construction plant is divided into four broad categories: integrated circuit equipment, display panel equipment, led set-up and photovoltaic equipment. The integrated circuit equipment is used mainly in the construction and production of the transcrystal plant, and the cores produced.
The film is used mainly in cars, mobile phones, computers, television, etc.. Since the front-way equipment displays the same equipment as that used for crystal-crystal manufacturing, it shows that the equipment parts of the panels and crystal-crylic plants overlap.
The demand for semiconductor equipment over the next few years is ultimately derived from the need for equipment procurement resulting from the commissioning of the mill and the replacement requirements resulting from periodic equipment upgrades. There is a greater need for customization of semiconductor equipment because of differences in the various milling platforms.
Business models are more prevalent. The demand for future crystal mills is stimulated by multiple drivers, and demand for chips is growing significantly, i.e., "products," as the rate of car electronization and the large proportion of products in the lower half of the Internet age rises.
On the other hand, the chip manufacturing process continues to evolve from 10 nm to 7 nm and below, and the crystal-crystal pipeline, which is represented by power and tristars, is still ready to move to a more advanced process. In addition to the construction of the crystal-crystal plant, it shows that the panel industry is going from liquid lcd to oled.
The transfer of technology, and therefore the construction of six-generation soft-aold and 10.5-generation high-generation oleds will also generate a large demand for semiconductor equipment.
♪ led-Led-Led consumer electronic demand ♪
Show technique permeated by led light
lcd to larger process to 7nm backlight product
Dimensions lcd and below
Evolution, product intelligence, artistic progress.
In 2018, the domestic semiconductor equipment industry was estimated to have sold $12.4 billion, with industry growing at a rate of approximately $2.438 billion, or 58.4 per cent, or 27.3 per cent, or 44.2 per cent, respectively, of equipment sold at a rate of approximately $2.438 billion.
According to Semi, global semiconductor industry sales reached $468.8 billion in 2018, with global semiconductor equipment sales reaching $64.6 billion, or 14 per cent of total semiconductor sales. Global equipment sales began to decline after reaching a high point in 2018, according to Semi in the first quarter of 2019.
Crystalworker forecasts report a projected decline of 18 per cent to $53 billion in global crystalworker equipment expenditure, with China entering the peak of a new round of crystalwork plant construction starting in 2015, and the sales of semiconductor equipment in mainland China increasing from $3.4 billion in 2013 to $13.1 billion in 2018, with China being large.
The market for semiconductor equipment in the land area also increased from 11% in 2013 to 20% in 2018, surpassing Taiwan as the second largest semiconductor equipment market after South Korea. In terms of domestic production, capital spending on China’s continental crystallization plant is expected to reach about $24 billion in 2020, for example.
The acquisition of semiconductor equipment was about $14.5 billion, with a recovery from 2019 to 11 per cent to a high growth of 24 per cent, with capital spending of about $4.1 billion for the two major storage chip manufacturers, over $2 billion for the China-Crystal International and $488 million for the China-Ion Semiconductor.
Over the past five years, the sales of semiconductor equipment in the country have increased at a combined rate of 31% (cagr), almost twice the rate of the global semiconductor equipment compound of about 15%. Although our market for semiconductor equipment has grown at a high rate, our self-sufficiency in semiconductor equipment is far from sufficient, compared to nearly $13 billion.
In the market, the domestic semiconductor equipment industry sold only RMB 12.4 billion, with a self-sufficiency rate of only 13 per cent, and the national semiconductor equipment sold only 3 per cent of the global market size of semi-conductor equipment. As data from China's electronics-only industry associations include integrated circuits, leds, panels, photovoltaics, etc.
The domestic market for integrated circuit equipment is only about 5%, and the market for front-way equipment with the highest technology is even lower. In 2018, sales of semiconductor equipment increased by 59% in mainland China, the fastest growing region in the world.
According to Semi’s announcement of a global 12-inch crystal mill construction forecast, China’s market will be a global crystal-crystal capacity, located in mainland China, accounting for 42% of the world’s total. Over the next five years, a cumulative investment of $50 billion in equipment will be made in the Yangtze storage, combing, and purple, while logical manufacturers will spend about $28.4 billion over the next three years.
Purchase of equipment, projected to reach $45 billion in semiconductor equipment expenditures on mainland China by 2024, rising further to 44 per cent of the global market, which is still more than three times higher than the current $13 billion market size, and if domestic enterprises account for nearly 20 per cent of the total, the market for domestically produced semiconductor equipment will be more than three times larger.
The semiconductor equipment industry is clearly cyclical, and demand recovery-driven industries such as 5g/server/iot are expected to have a clear cyclicality in the semiconductor equipment industry and, as a precursor to industry climate, I,
They observed that the logical replacement equipment that began in the first quarter of 2019 has been restored to high growth, and that the dram memory is ready to get out of the bottom. The first recovery of the crystal-crystal replacement equipment was the continued investment of semiconductor poles and three-star electrons in the advanced process of 7 nm and below, with more than 200 million shipments expected next year.
A large proportion of the 5g cellular processor chip will start using the 7nm process. As the 5g is about to enter the commercialization process, the demand for new areas such as the 5g cell phone, the ai chip, etc., begins to move into a new high-growth phase, the 5g application belts will drive the server industry out of the valley, and the corresponding equipment investment will respond in advance.
We expect a slowdown in the equipment industry in 2019, with semiconductor equipment expected to enter a new round of investments in 2020.4
Five companies in Asma, the Netherlands, together account for more than 65% of the world’s market share. The industry’s leader, the United States appliance (mat), ranked first in 17% of the cities, followed by the global light engine, the Netherlands, asml, about 16% of the city, Tokyo Electronics, Japan, the Pan Forest Group, and the United States Section.
The semiconductor is ranked in the top five by 13.45%, 13.4%, and 5.19% respectively. The global semiconductor equipment market reached $64.5 billion in 2018, with a ratio of 81% and a market size of $52.245 billion.
The ratio of light timers is about 23%, and the global market for light timers is about $12 billion. Of these, the Netherlands ' Amsl accounts for 75% of the world ' s markets, Nicon and Jia can account for 11% and 6.2%, respectively, and Shanghai microelectronics is the only enterprise that has developed the primary light timers, but there is a large gap with asml in the process.
In the area of corrosion equipment with a value in semiconductor equipment above the light carver, the United States Panforest Group ranked first in the range of over 50%, followed by 20% and 19% of Tokyo's electronics and applications, respectively, and this industry is highly concentrated, with cr3 totalling more than 90%. The domestic sector is in the field of corrosion equipment, North China.
The CME is the main player, with North China leading the silicon etching field, and Middle is the domestic plasma medium etching equipment. According to 24% of the semiconductor equipment, the global etching market is $12.5 billion.
Figure 10: Global competitive pattern of the etching equipment industry5 The most valuable area of integrated circuit equipment is where the corrosion equipment exceeds the light carving machine5 The most central categories of semiconductor equipment are corrosion equipment (24%) and photoreflection equipment (24%).
Twenty-three per cent, film deposition equipment (18 per cent), cmp/surface treatment/cleaning (13 per cent). Erosion technology is a technique of selective corrosion or stripping of the surface or surface cover membrane in the semiconductor manufacturing process in accordance with masked graphics or design requirements.
In the future, the proportion of carving machines will be higher than the proportion of light-engineing equipment invested in chip manufacturing. In addition to the use of corrosion equipment as the process progresses, the ratio of chemical sedimentation equipment (cvd) to physical gas is also increasing.
The semiconductor forward processor actively expands the capacity of advanced encapsulation, and the deposition equipment will also be used as a key equipment for advanced encapsulation. Erosion is mainly the process of removing the top surface of the crystal circle by means of photorescopic exposure, in accordance with the etching principle.
The difference can be divided into two categories: wet and dry etching, both of which have as their main objective the precise transfer of the graphics on the membrane sheet to the crystalline surface. Wet etching through the use of specific etching liquids, such as typical silicon etchings, is the corrosion of single crystal silicon or silicon with a mixture of nitrogen-containing substances and hydrofluoric acid (hf).
. But because wet etching is limited to products that can only be used for feature graphics of more than 3 m, dry etching, which is used for more advanced circuits, appears. Dry etching, which is more than the transfer of photo masks using plasma gas to blow the crystal surfaces, produces the original from plasma gas.
Rationally, dry etching can be divided into ccp (electrically-sensored plasma gas) and icp (electrically-sensored plasma gas). The main suppliers of domestic etching equipment are the North, where silicon etching is deep, and the Middle Half-conductor.
The latter specializes in plasma medium etching. In the current dry etching process, silicon etching is mainly based on ancp etching, with the country leading the industry in the field of silicon etching, the 14nm process being produced.
The South-East Asian market was successfully opened. The dominant medium of the middle emblem semiconductor carved mainly by ccp drying, not only to supply an etching machine to the 7nm chip production line, but also to the self-developed 5nm plasma, the corrosion platform was authenticated by the battery.
The advantages of semiconductor equipment in North China are highlighted. Sediment equipment and high-precision electronic components will be the driving force for performance over the next five years: approximately 2.5 billion euros in 2018 for electronics equipment, 788 million for electronics, and 788 million for electrical components.
The company, as a platform company for electronic engineering equipment, produces specialized equipment that does not only include semiconductor equipment, but also involves vacuum equipment and lithium electrical equipment. The fastest growing product category of electronic engineering equipment in the last two years of 2018 is vacuum equipment, which far exceeds the growth of the entire electronics operation.
In mid-2019, the collection of vacuum equipment began to decline from a high growth rate of over 100%. In addition, semiconductor equipment received the largest share, with an estimated 76% of equipment collected in 2018, and since semiconductor equipment accounted for a larger share of the overall electronic equipment operation, it can be seen that semiconductor equipment received the largest share of equipment.
The rate of increase also started to decline in mid-2019. Lithium electric equipment was collected on a smaller scale, at only 3%, and was still in deficit in mid-2018, so the main dynamic growth in future electronics equipment came from integrated circuits.
Long-term state of affairs, with major products such as resists, capacitors, transistors, microwave components, modular power sources, hybrid integrated circuits, etc., high-precision electronic components. A wide range of applications to precision instrument instruments, auto-control, high-precision, precision, 2018 corporate-precision electronic components have continued to grow steadily, with single stone crystals vibrating.
In terms of the net profit structure, the business contributes 53% of the total net profit compared to the electronics.
For business, the Māori rate for electronic components is higher, with a Māori rate of nearly 20% higher than for electronics in 1H19 than for electronics and a trend toward annual growth. The e-components business is expected to grow steadily as the domestic semiconductor industry unfolds, and is expected to increase at the same rate as the domestic semiconductor industry in the coming years.
We believe that the future power of the company will come mainly from the etching machines in the integrated circuit equipment, and that the deposition and high-precision components will become the company. A large number of the crystal mills that were put in place in the country between 2017 and 2018 are already in place.
In the completion phase, the acquisition of equipment for the crystal mill is entering a new peak phase, with silicon corrosion platforms used in the integrated circuit area, and equipment such as physical phase deposition equipment and cleaning equipment being taken up in the investment of the crystal mill equipment as the process progresses. Moreover, with Moore's law slowing down, the advanced envelopes become semiconductor.
In areas where growth has been faster, the share of advanced encapsulation processes such as bumping and tsv has also increased the demand for the corresponding sedimentation equipment and silicon etching equipment.
1) from the 28nm process equipment to the 7/5nm advanced process The company, as the country's only leading producer of large-scale icp silicon etching, sedimentation equipment (pvd/cvd) equipment, relies on the technological and patent advantages accumulated in the 28nm process
14nm industrialization and 7/5nm critical technology offensives challenge. Integrated circuit equipment. With further progress in core integration in the future, the requirement for performance enhancement and reduction of power is higher, and the process of 7nm and below is a necessary option for high-performance products such as cellular phones and computer-director chips.
Major trends in future technological developments include artificial intelligence (ai, artificialinelligence), machine learning, big data (bigdata), robotics, autopilot (autonomousdring) and 5g communications, all of which require chips as the basis for their realization.
Advanced technologies impose higher demands on the high performance and low power consumption of chips, which will also lead to integrated circuit chips moving to 5/7 nanometers. The company plans to develop a more advanced 14nm industry by raising some 2 billion or so funds.
7/5 nm R & D closing, construction period of approximately two years, with capacity planned for 30 pvds, 30 pvds, 15 singles, 30 alds, 30 stubs, 30 cleanings. Average sales revenue for the postnatal year is expected to be 2.64 billion yuan.
The company will soon expand the product range of the high-precision elements to the high-end module power source, in the near future, through a project of incrementality.
A step-by-step increase in the collection of electronic components. Modular power, a device that converts primary power to another form or specification of power, can be applied to a high-power digital circuit such as cpu, gpu, fpga, dsp. This type of power source is in communications, networks, storage, and battery-based equipment.
On the one hand, China is the world’s largest producer of electronics, and in recent years, driven by high growth in the total volume of downstream electronics, the market for high-end modular power sources in China has been growing rapidly. On the other hand, it has been growing rapidly.
With sustained growth in a number of new applications, such as communications, smart household power, and smart grids, the global market for high-end modules will continue to grow. The global power management chip market is expected to be close to $46 billion in 2019, with China as the world’s largest.
The size of the domestic power-management chip market in large electronics producers could reach 86 billion yuan next year. The construction period for this targeted increase will take two years, and it is expected to start in 2022.
The global semiconductor tap application (Amat), established in 1967 in Silicon Valley in the United States, grew more than 2,700 times from the beginning of the market in 1972 to 2018, at a compound rate of about 19 per cent, and at a compound rate of 17 per cent of net profits over the past 30 years.
Through a continuous extension and acquisition between 1997 and 2009, the company became the world’s largest semiconductor and display panel manufacturer, and became the world’s five largest product class-coverer, covering almost all semiconductor equipment items except light-engineers. It is the company that is the company that is behind the company.
Continuing development provides a long-term growth dynamic, and company stock prices have increased by 14,000 times as the company's performance has risen. Chart 22: History of Applied Materials Development.
The company’s core products are thin membrane (pvd, cvd) and etching equipment, and the company’s main customers currently cover the domestic crystal-rounding pipeline.
Mid-Crystal International, stocked in the Dragon River, displaying the long-term and stable growth of the company in the faceboard industry, the east and the east, the led industry, and the photovoltaic industry, the Lungi shares.3 The strong shareholder background and sound incentive mechanisms guarantee the company ' s long-term growth
North China, formerly a seven-star Indian electronics system, is a major integrated circuit in the country, where manufacturers, buying assets by issuing shares, and other trading parties such as Beijing Electronics, hold the North's shareholdings.
The integrated circuit equipment industry is a strategic initiative for effective integration and resource complementarity. In July 2016, seven stars, electronics, in the form of shares, bought 100% of the Northern microelectronics held by Beijing Electric Control, the Seven Stars Group, the Circle Company and Microelectronics.
A subsidiary, in February 2017, the company changed its name to "Norwegian." Prior to this reorganization, the Seven Stars group held 50.12 per cent of the shares of listed companies directly and was the controlling shareholder of listed companies; the Beijing Electric Controls held 53.35 per cent of the shares of the Seven Stars group, was the actual controller of listed companies, and after the reorganization was completed, the Seven Stars group remained the company.
The State Integrated Circuit Fund is the third largest shareholder of the company and holds 7.5% of the company’s shares.
Figure 25: Incentives programs for the North’s venture capital structure, which guarantee long-term talent stability. On November 13, 2019, the Department introduced incentive programs for directors, senior managers, core technologists and managers.
The stock options scheme was awarded 4.5 million shares, representing a “naura” spirit, and a major fund was used to produce semiconductor high-end equipment: North China.
The original acronym is “naura”, which represents the innovation of n-newversion, a-active,