China Sea oil uniforms (601808.sh) Higher oil prices drive upstream capital expenditures and China Sea oil uniforms benefit - China Sea oil uniforms depth report
In-depth study/oil petrochemicals. This report attempts to address: the profitable advantage of assessing the per unit per unit of fixed assets; the strong correlation between oil prices, upstream capital expenditure and the performance of garment companies.
Oil prices, upstream capital spending, and the performance of garment companies are strongly correlated. Looking forward to 2021, the global oil supply and demand structure is stable, with a projected annual oil price hub of $50-60 per barrel, up from 2020, and hence capital.
Oil prices are more relevant to capital spending, for example 0.8 per cent for medium oil. Higher capital spending increases the profitability of the garment industry.
The Unit, in contrast to the trend of 300 depths, proposed a seven-year action plan for the development of domestic energy exploration and exploitation. Compared to China Sea Oil, for example, the exploration workload and exploration reserves of the company will double by 2025 to the west of the South China Sea.
China’s future capital expenditure on oil is high, and China’s performance on marine oil suits is up. The figures for 2012–19 from China’s capital expenditure on oil and China’s oil uniforms are eventually 0.9 per cent linearly relevant.
According to the seven-year action plan for China Sea Oil, China Sea Oil will increase capital spending, which is expected to increase at an annual rate of 17%, thereby benefiting China Sea oil uniforms. The return on corporate assets is at industry level. Three companies in the garment industry have been selected against China Sea oil uniforms.
In 2019, the company had an asset return of 3.35%, an average industry of 1.43%, and a partner leader. The unit fixed-assessed-assessed-for-profit measure would yield a net gain of $4.6 billion.
Report on the 19-year report of the China Sea Oil Clothing (601808): Profitability Forecasts and Investment Recommendations: Recovering of the Beneficiary Clothing Industry, 19 years of net gain
Risk of severe oil price shocks, downside capital expenditure risk.1 The present report attempts to address the issue of assessing the profitability of Chinese and Chinese garments from the point of view of per unit fixed asset profitability.
There is a strong correlation between oil prices, upstream capital expenditure and the performance of the garments industry. This paper will analyse the profitability of the unit fixed capital of the China-China garments and judge the profitability of future companies.
2.1 The company is the leading firm in the garment industry, and the leading company in the garment industry. The company was established in 2001 as the largest supplier of oil field services off China's coast, combined with five subsidiaries under the China Sea oil flag. It is also the most functional and integrated sea in Asia.
The company’s operations cover all phases of oil and gas exploration, development and production, and are divided into four main sections: drilling suits, oilfield technical services, ship services, and survey services. The company’s area of service covers China’s maritime areas and extends to Asia-Pacific, the Middle East, the Americas, Europe, Africa, the Far East six regions, covering more than 40 countries and regions around the world.
The first two shareholders of the company are China Ocean Oil Group Ltd. and Hong Kong Central Settlement (Agent) Ltd., with shares of 50.53% and 37.91%. The company is affiliated with China Sea Oil and effectively controls the National Treasury.
By the end of 2019, the company had operated and managed a total of 54 drilling platforms (including 40 self-edged, 14 semi-submarine) and five modular rigs. Of these, 9 were operating in China, 10 in the international area, 12 were on standby, and 3 were in the process of repair at the shipyard. With regard to ship operations, the company operated and managed the largest and most functional offshore China.
The full offshore fleet consists of more than 140 vessels, including three workboats, platform supply vessels, oilfield protection vessels, etc. The collection and engineering survey service panels comprise five tugboats, one specialized seismic vessel, two submarine cable fleets and five integrated marine engineering survey vessels, and two deep water companies operating support vessels.
Table 1: Companies' major equipment The price of oil is slowly warming, and the company's performance has gone up. In 2019, the company collected $31.1 billion, a 42 per cent increase in the same year; the net profit on maternity was 25 per cent, a 34.24 per cent increase in the same year.
Service camps received $15.1 billion, or 48 per cent, and Māori $4 billion, or 68 per cent; well-drilling services received $10.8 billion, or 35 per cent, and Māori 1.3 billion, or 22 per cent. The Māori rate of company-owned operations generally increased, with the highest Māori rate for garment technology services.
There has been a slight or significant increase in the Māori rate for the technical and engineering services. The Māori industry has always been the lead business of the company, with 26% Māori in 2019. The Māori rate for the material and engineering services has risen significantly, from 1% in 2018 to 2.3 drops, with a significant improvement in the cost of three Chinese marine oil uniforms.
The three cost rates for China ' s marine oil uniforms have been improving steadily, with significant downswings. The three cost rates for companies in 2017-2019 were 11 per cent, 6 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively, and were on a downward trend, indicating that a series of downswing measures taken by companies in the wake of oil price fluctuations proved to be effective. In 2019, the three rates for companies were zero for sales, 2 per cent for management and 3 per cent for finance.
Industry logic: As the dark moment passes, oil and gas are at the root of the oil and gas industry, whose main business processes are oil and gas exploration, development and production, as well as oil field technical services, drilling, ship and object exploration services.
3.1 Looking forward to 2021, oil prices are expected to continue to warm, and the gdp is expected to heat back in 2021, which is a good fuel for the garment industry. According to Imf, the global annual growth rate of gdp has been stable since 2010, at around 3%. The global growth rate of gdp, influenced by factors such as the epidemic in 2020, has been extremely poor. With the spread of vaccines, the epidemic is high.
With some countries under control, the global growth rate of gdp in 2021 is expected to be higher than in 2020, resulting in an increase in the demand for one-time energy sources for the oil-coat industry across society. Opec expects global oil demand to grow by 6.2 million barrels per day in 2021 compared to last year.
Against this backdrop, oil demand has also continued to slow. According to Opc’s November 2020 report, Oec estimates that global oil demand will grow by 6.2 million barrels per day in 2021 compared to 2020, bringing total global demand to 96.3 million barrels per day.
3.2.2 Production reduction agreements were reached, oil supply remained low throughout the year, oil supply reduction agreements were concluded in oil-producing countries, and oil supply ends were manageable. In April 2020, OEC and non-opec reached a historic agreement on a phased reduction of production, with a plan to reduce production of 5.8 million barrels of oil per day from January 2021.
US: US crude oil production, which was low throughout 2020, has remained high since the development of shale oil in 2018. US oil production fell in 2020, as a result of the US epidemic, and US crude oil production was 333721 barrels per month in November 2020.
Control measures, crude oil production is expected to warm. US crude oil production (thousand barrels per month) The number of oil rigs operating is a pioneer indicator of future production. Oil rig operations in 2020 continued at the beginning of the year.
As of December 2020, the number of United States crude oil rigs had fallen to 311, touching a decade-long low. 3.2 oil prices in the United States oil rigs were closely linked to upstream capital spending in the garment industry
Oil prices are positively related to upstream capital expenditure. The profile of the garment industry depends on capital spending on upstream oil exploration and exploitation.
Looking ahead to 2021, the oil price hub is projected to be $50-60 per barrel throughout the year, up from 2020, so capital spending is strongly supported by the 3.3 National Energy Security Strategy, which provides a strong boost to the development of the garment industry. For nearly 40 years, the country’s external dependence on crude oil has been growing.
Since 2018, our external dependence on crude oil has remained at over 70%. The same is true for natural gas, which has been over 40% since 2018.
Energy security is a key building block for the stable development of national security. Energy security is an important strategic issue for the country’s stability and social development, as well as for the independent and healthy development of a country.
Enterprises headed by three barrels of oil have responded positively to national calls to increase energy exploration and exploitation. In the second half of 2018, three barrels of oil convened a special meeting to discuss energy security, increase production storage, establish a strategic orientation for “priority development” of domestic exploration and development operations, and increase investment in oil and gas exploration and development to accelerate the rate of increased production of oil and gas reserves.
For example, China Oil proposes that by 2025, the company’s exploration work and discovery stock will double to reach the target of 20 million square metres of oilfields in the western part of the South Sea and 20 million tons of oil fields in the eastern part of the South Sea.
Table 4: China Oil, China Sea Oil Seven-Year Plan of Action Seven-Year Plan of Action “Seven-Year Plan of Action for the Future of China's Oil-Intensible Domestic Exploration and Exploitation in Sea and Sea”:
China Sea Oil (2) achieves the target of 20 million square metres of oil fields in the western South China Sea and 20 million tons of oil fields in the eastern region.
China Oil 4.1 China Oil Seven Year Action Plan guarantees a steady increase in the company’s future revenues. For example, in 2019, China’s oil-related transactions accounted for nearly 80% of the company’s total revenues, and in the last four years, China’s oil-related links were close to 80%.
Trading accounts for more than 70% of the company’s total revenues. Oil-related transactions were the most beneficial in oilfield technical services operations, with companies benefiting from China Sea oil in 2019 accounting for 91% of the company’s total revenue on the plate, so that China Sea oil’s capital expenditure will affect the company’s profitability in oilfield technical services.
China’s oil capital expenditure is 0.9 per cent related to China’s oil clothing collection. The data selected for 2012–19 for China’s oil capital expenditure and China’s marine clothing collection are then used, and linearly relevant maps are produced, resulting in a linear correlation of 0.9 per cent, a strong correlation, and the correlation formula is shown in the figure below. Therefore, based on China’s oil capital expenditure plan, it is possible to predict roughly what will happen in China’s oil clothing camp next year.
In 2019, China developed a seven-year plan of action for the future exploration and exploitation of China's oil and oil industry, proposing that the company's exploration workload and reserves be doubled by 2025. In June 2019, China decided to move the construction of 20 million oilfields in the western part of the South China Sea and 2000 in the eastern part of the South China Sea.
In order to achieve the target, China Sea oil will inevitably increase capital spending, which will benefit China Sea oil uniforms. In 2019, China China Sea oil capital expenditure was 78.6 billion, and annual capital expenditure is expected to increase by 17 per cent by 2025. 4.2 In terms of unit asset profitability, China Sea oil is projected to generate profits in 2021.
The profitability of the unit assets since 2002 is 0.1 yuan/dollar. The profitability of the unit assets represents an important reference indicator for assessing the future profitability of the company as a whole. The net profit and the size of the fixed assets of the marine oil garments since 2002 are selected for their historical asset profitability.
An analysis of the correlation between unit asset profitability and oil prices can be found, with the unit asset profitability of the Central Sea garments being more clearly correlated with oil prices at $50-70 per barrel, with a coefficient of 0.5.
The company ' s fixed asset size has grown at an average rate of 3 per cent since 2012, the company ' s fixed asset size was $437 million in 2019, and 4.3 ' s asset returns are industry leaders, with a steady increase in corporate asset returns since 2016.
By comparison, the company had a return of 3.35 per cent on its assets in 2019 and an average industry of 1.43 per cent, respectively.
For more than 50 years, the company's deep-farming garment industry has the unique advantage of “four large plate” professional services, such as material exploration and engineering surveys, drilling wells, field technology and ship services, and has a relatively complete chain of production services for oil exploration and development, which provides customers with a variety of individual services and integrated packages.
To benefit from the company’s asset-based technology strategy, the company has a significant downside advantage, a large equipment operation and security capability with industry influence, and a greater risk-resilient capacity. We make the following profit assumptions:
(2) The company ' s profitability is more affected by China Sea oil capital expenditure, with a correlation factor of 0.9. Due to the increase in oil production in mid-2019 in oilfield technical services and drilling services. (4) As a result of the positive correlation between the company ' s asset profitability and oil prices and the projected increase in oil prices in 21 years, it is assumed that each country will have its own.
The ttmpe is 39.6 times the risk of severe oil price shocks and downside capital expenditure.
Crude oil price risk: The profitability of the garment industry is more affected by oil prices and its profitability declines when crude oil prices are low. The risk of a downturn in upstream capital spending: the profitability of the garment industry is highly correlated with the capital spending of its upstream companies, and the decline in capital spending will have a negative impact on the performance of the garment companies.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Jan, Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, computation of chemical and hydrocarbon resources) in conjunction with the Department of Chemical Engineering of the University of Nanjing and the University of Rutgers in the United States.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.