On March 28, the Times Electric published its 2023 annual report, and the company achieved operating income in 2023.
Twenty-seven hundred and ninety-nine million yuan, yoy+2.8 per cent, resulting in a net return to the mother of 3,106 million yuan, yoy+21.51 per cent; sustained improvement in the implementation of the pipeline operations, with a rapid increase in the share of the new equipment operations. Throughout 2023, the track trade operations achieved a recovery of 12,910 million yuan, yoy+2.00 per cent; and an emerging equipment operation generated a return of 8,732 million yuan.
The higher Māori ratio on track leads to an increase in the q4 Mārāríc ratio. \triangleright field, where the company is firmly at the forefront of the industry, captures an opportunity for NLG to return to new investments in mobile equipment and secures production.
In February 2024, the National Railways said that it would speed up the application of new energy engines, with a view to phasing out the old internal combustion engines by 2027.
In March, the State Council’s Standing Meeting considered the adoption of a programme of action to promote large-scale equipment upgrading and the exchange of consumer goods for old ones. We believe that the benefits of the policy drive has led to a replacement cycle for the maintenance and repair of the rail transfer equipment.
The new equipment business is growing fast and the igbt new production line is moving fast. q4 in the new equipment business, power is 970 million yuan, yoy + 78.64% in the semiconductor camp, the new energy power camp is generating 675 million yuan, the turn-on is starting to recover, and the new equipment business is continuing to function at 2023.
In terms of power semiconductors and new energy power power drives, the gbt, based on the ne-era data, was ranked third-quarterly in 2022, with a new energy-carriage module load of 10,550,000 units in 2023, with 12.5% of the city.
Review: Three-quarter performances, high-speed growth of igbt, power drive, photovoltaic inverters - 2022/10/18 III. Mass delivery of photovoltaic sequenced modules. Third generation 1,200-vsicmofet chips reached the domestic level.
4. Time Electric (68817.sh) Event Review: igbt swords advanced, semiconductor three projects have completed major engineering caps. New energy power power, year-round, refers to the global market, massive expansion to secure new energy supplies - 2022
In the area of industrial variability, companies have signed a new list of 18.6gw in their home countries, which is the first to reach the top three. Ingbt and others, new equipment is rapidly released and new growth is being built.
Growing and active in emerging equipment areas such as igbt, power drive, sensors, etc., opening up new engines for growth. \triangleright equipment operations are less advanced than expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.