The 23-year net profit return is 21.5 per cent higher than the previous year, and the company is very resilient. Shinko semiconductor. The company issues a performance report. The 23-year net profit return is $3.106 billion (yoy+21.51 per cent).
Automotive energy is released at an accelerated pace, and transhipment is steadily advancing, with companies earning $21,613 billion and billions of yuan (yoy+28.03%). 4q23 quarterly revenues are generating $7,518 billion (yoy+5.02%), and new equipment operations, represented by semiconductors, power-driven and industrial transformations, are growing faster.
(b) New-energy motor power is 4.5 per cent in the country, the sixth largest in the country, a 77.1 per cent increase in the same year, and pre-power production is half a million units and accumulates more than 1 million units. According to Sobi PV data, the number of new power cars in the country is estimated to be more than 1 million.
The company's top-ranked PV in 23 years was 17.4gw, ranked third in the country, and based on its own power, electronics and technological advantages, the chances have entered the PV-reverse business “first ladder.” The turn-over operation is moving steadily and the tin-free line 1 is operating smoothly.
The start-up was the first time that self-generated systems, including vehicle traction and network control systems, power supply systems, station doors, etc., and out-of-pocket systems were integrated to make new progress on the urban track. Prior to the first three quarters of the company, shareholder buyback confidence was demonstrated, and efficiency gains continued to move forward. Based on recognition of company value and continued stability in the future.
In the last three years, over $5.56 billion has been invested in strategic and emerging industries, and over 10 per cent has been invested in research and development for the last three years, making wage distribution a significant contribution in a variety of incentives.
Investment proposal: We take a look at the industrial layout of the company's integration of the "tools plus systems plus the whole machine" , take into account performance, report quickly, and we will raise the company's net return profit in 2023 from 30.1 to $3.10 billion, taking into account the public.
Time Electric (68817.sh)-1h23 net profit from non-repatriation increased by 50.33 per cent over the same period, Time Electric (68817.sh)-22 net profit from non-repatriation increased by 30.86 per cent, Time Electric (68817.sh)-power-driven igbt module secured Fareo production capacity
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and growth in the last five years (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Company revenue structure in recent years (in millions of yuan) Figure 3: Companies ' non-net profits and rate of increase in the last five years (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Māori and net interest rates of companies over the last five years (in %, %) Figure 5: Cost of companies over the last five years (%) Figure 6: R&D inputs and percentage of revenues of companies over the last five years (billion yuan, %)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject