The new equipment keeps growing, and the rolling equipment is expected to be on top of the profit industry, with robust orbital operations and new orbital operations leading to higher performance.
In 2023, we made a steady recovery in railway construction, urban rail transport was smooth, the new energy industry was growing fast, the company performed at an all-time high, and business income went up 20 billion yuan.
The rate remained at over 50 per cent, the revenue from repairs increased significantly, the signal of communications and overseas operations continued to advance, Prince Road revenue from orbital transport equipment operations in 2023 amounted to $12.9 billion, compared to +2.00 per cent, and the Māori rate recovered by 2.10 pct
To 37.88 per cent. The new equipment plate, where the company ' s igbt module is the first city in the field of transhipment/grids, has made steady breakthroughs in new energy sectors, such as new energy vehicles, hydrogen and photovoltaics, and has continued to open downstream markets, generating operating income of $8,732 million throughout the year, a significant increase of 69.64 per cent over the same year, and a Maori rate of 28.19 per cent.
In 2023, the company's Māori rate/net interest rate was Wang Xia Xianxing System, where the new equipment sector is breaking down, technology is leading, and research and development costs are invested throughout the year.
Two hundred and twenty-one million yuan, or 9.27 per cent of operating income. In 2023, the company completed a high-speed performance test for the Cr450 project, creating three new speed records based on the pcu ' s replacement transformer booster system; the autopilot system received the country ' s first Sil 2 certification certificate and received a bulk order for the yellow railway; and the photovoltaic product acquired the industry.
The first high-powered L4 straight-flow arc test was certified; the three-digit power drive two platform products were first loaded and delivered in bulk; the first ton-grade new energy generation project in the country was successfully produced with hydrogen; deep-sea digging ditches were successfully fitted down to fill the country's technological void in deep-water cable processing.
The railways are growing at a very high rate, and the Central Finance and Economic Commission has proposed large-scale equipment upgrades and a reduction in the cost of logistics for the entire society, which is expected to boost the new high-iron fleet by a relatively deep 300-percent pattern.
The company is the leader of the national inter-orbit towed system, the product covers a variety of vehicle types, such as locomotives, moving vehicles, urban tracks, etc., and has succeeded in replacing the nuclear system with the national production of the trajectories, which have led to a positive growth of the company ' s railing equipment.
In the new industry business, the company's igbt module led the lead; the semiconductor phase three project moved fast, so that the production line was completed with the main project capping; the sales of the new power-borne power-drive system continued to increase rapidly; a number of high-quality customer orders, such as North and Upper Gas, were obtained and accompanied by a full-scale factory out of the sea; and the sensor production capacity continued to increase.
Supports a significant increase in delivery. The emerging equipment business, as the second growth pole of the company, will continue to contribute to the company.
The equipment business has become the company’s new backbone, the pipeline of railing equipment has resurfaced, the risk of increased competition in the field, and the risk that overseas markets will not expand as expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In 2022, he joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies. Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, and a bachelor of science and technology from Shandong University, three years of experience in scientific and technological research, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.