Event: The company released its mid-2025 report with a gross operating income of $90,901 million, a net profit of $30,40 million, roughly equal to the ring.
The demand for polyurethane composite materials continues to rise, driven by the light and quantitative demand for new energy vehicles, to stabilize new energy sources and high-end manufacturing. Starting in July, the prices of tdi and mdi have been gradually rising, as a result of major overseas competition for force majeure or accidental parking of hand devices.
PUR plate profitability is expected to improve over time; production capacity of products such as the petrochemical industry, e.g., the concentration of energy released, resulting in a gross equity/flow (billion shares), a phased imbalance in supply and demand patterns, lower prices for petrochemical products and a decline in the performance of petrochemical plates; and fine chemistry
The total market value/flow (million yuan) of goods and new materials has been growing steadily, and the volume of income has grown steadily with the release of the products and production capacity. Traditional industries and the production of fine chemicals and new materials have continued to release.
The second set of ethylene units in tonnes/year has been successfully driven once. The company's first set of millions of tonnes of ethylene is undergoing a technical overhaul of the ethane feed, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2025.
The company ' s ms resin device successfully drove a one-time drive to fill the country ' s high-end optical class of ms-scale chemos.
The chemicals and new materials business continues to grow > - the company-owned Poe project has been successful in driving and breaking foreign monopolies.
Humhua chemistry has formed three major industrial clusters of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials, and the foundation of corporate growth >--2024-03-27 < < < The new materials business continues to grow and intends to acquire copper. > - 2024-03-27 <
Sustainable and efficient development through continuous extension of the industrial chain and expansion of production of high-end products.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.