Company q2 performance was stable, and a number of self-research technologies were on the ground.
• Corporate q2 performance is stable, looking forward to future performance repair and long-term growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Lead industry in the chemical industry is expected to take the lead in repairing the climate that has improved the supply side of the chemical plate. Failure to bring new projects to production and improved product profitability will lead to growth in corporate performance and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
. . 2025h1 PUR block sales have increased by the same amount, with petrochemical plate profits of 2025q2 and sales of PUR, 152, fine chemicals and new material series of the company averaged 18,800, 16,700, pure mdi, polymer mdi, tdi, flexible polyether market, respectively.
RMB 12,400, RMB 7,800 per ton; Centrally released production capacity of products such as polychemicals, resulting in a segmental imbalance in supply and demand patterns, further compressed profit margins; prices of pure benzene, coal, propane, butane, the main raw material, and a number of self-research technologies of the company, respectively, are gradually falling to the ground, looking at the company's continuing progress towards a global workforce.
2025h1, the company ' s self-research technologies accelerated the transformation of results, the ms devices successfully drove one-off and enriched the optical business product lines; the tributyltinamine was successfully industrialized and extended the chain of special meds; and the thallium polymer produced "Depreciation of assets and end-of-life short-term drag performance, concentration " .
Qualified product, improved solution for MFEC; bio-based 1.3-butadiol successfully imported into cosmetics, and the continued expansion of the production capacity of ammonia - company updates; battery materials continued to increase their research and development inputs, several technology breakthroughs, and fourth generation of phosphate lithium was completed
2025.4.16 Quantity supply, five generations complete scheduled start-up; development of several high-value-added poe, polyfin hydrocarbons, nylon 12, o3 short-term profit loads to see future performance repair
New materials for transformation, expanded market segment and enhanced business capacity are expected to lead companies to grow in the long term.