Production and sales grew steadily, and on August 11th, Huenhua Chemical published its semi-annual report for 2025, generating operating income of 90.901 billion yuan, and the growth in production and sales offsets the downside effects of product prices, and the recovery of the price of Wangyu polyurethane.
Polyurethane plate: company polyurethane plate operating income of $36,888 million, i.e. +4.04 per cent, Māori rate of 25.68 per cent, i.e. 2.32 pct, i.e. 2.98 million tonnes/treasuries per year.
Prices have declined. The market price for pure mdi is around $18,800 per ton. For polymer mdi products, the first half of 2025 was cold, demand from the construction industry was weak, external sales were affected by tariff policies, export orders were down and the market was about $16,700 per ton.
The car industry has been growing, with household demand averaged around $12,400/tonne. Soft polyether products: market prices averaged around $7,800/tonne in the first half of the year. Stock sales are expected to continue to grow in the post-Vision market, with the second set of 330,000 tonnes/year tdi projects in Wanhuafuji in July 2025.
In addition, we look forward to the restoration of prices in the second half of the year. The petrochemical plate: 34.934 billion yuan, equivalent to 11.73 per cent of the business income of the company ' s petrochemical plate; the Māori rate -
In the first half of 2025, petrochemical plates were still in a state of pressure, product differentiation, and santopropylene/sandol/sandol/sandol/sandontocrylic acid/sandol.
Acetate/Npg Hydrogen Method in China/Mtbe in Shandong/lldpe Level in Huadong/Tyrene in China smoke station 250,000 tonnes/year ldpe devices were successfully driven once; the joint venture in which the company was involved will initiate the construction of a special polyolefin integration facility in Fuzhou City, Fuji Province. In addition, the company has 1 million people.
The company operates robustly and there is a steady increase in production and sales. T-tons/year ethylene phase I units will be shut down from 3 June for a five-month conversion cycle, and the material will be converted from propane to ethane, which will greatly enhance profitability.
● Polyurethane+New material production capacity is gradually landing, performance growth is likely to be expected in 3.2 quarters, and new production is expected to occur. According to the annual report, at the end of 2024, the company mdi, tdi, polyether production capacity of 380, 111, 1.59 million tonnes per year.
The company ' s orderly advancement of the construction and commissioning of the Fujimdi and the Fujimati new installations will bring the capacity of the mdi/tdi to 41.544 million tonnes after the construction project is in progress, further consolidating the advantages of scale, the future supply pattern of mdi and tdi is expected to continue to be good, and in the polyurethane sector, the capacity plus costs of production are clear.
In 2024, the Poe project, the Lemon Ellipse and Derivatives project, the nylon 12 elastomers, mq resins have been put into production, and the chain of lemon ellipse, vitamins, and fragrances industries will be connected to each other. The company’s three-bit one-size-fits-all project, with multiple projects being launched, will facilitate the rapid development of the company’s new materials business.
(b) The project approval process is not as fast as expected; and (4) the risk of a significant fall in product prices.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.