The quarterly net profit ring ratio is stable, and petrochemical and new material sales are increasing. On August 11, 2025, Huanhua Chemical published its semi-annual report, 2025h1 Company \triangleright
In the first half of the year, major product sales continued to grow, with q2 petrochemical and fine chemical products growing faster. The company’s \triangleright polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials kept growing production.
3.3 million tons of urethane series products sold, +12.64 per cent of the year; 2.85 million tons of petrochemical series products sold, same as Liu Hae-young Fai-hong
The subsidiary Ningbo Wanhua has seen a significant increase in profits, and Bosu chemical and battery materials are in a state of loss. According to data from the operations of the important \triangleright Moleculars, the subsidiary Ningbo Wanhua of 2025h1 has achieved revenue of $14.449 billion.
Billion yuan, equal to 8.18%, a net profit of 770 million yuan, equal to 8.22%.
Lightening of petrochemical materials has accelerated, and several autonomous research and development projects have been put in place.
With the completion of the 3-quarterly reporting point in 2024, the production costs and profitability of the company ' s autonomous R & D technology are expected to be significantly reduced.
Conversion, a one-time success of the ms device, which enriched the optical business product line; the industrialization of the tert-butamide project, which was evaluated as a follow-up point for £4 million in chemistry (600309.sh): the Federal Reserve, extending the chain of the special medamine industry; americium production-qualified products; and the successful import of bio-based 1,3-butadiol into cosmetics
Start interest-reduction cycles or export benefits for mdi - 2024/09/clients; battery material operations continue to increase R & D inputs, multiple technology breakthroughs, phosphoric acid generation 4, HD5 (600309.sh) semi-annual 2024 reporting point
Investment proposals: The company is the leader of the domestic chemical industry in polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, new materials: three major lines of business are growing steadily and priority projects are well advanced through continuous technological innovation and industry chain layout. We expect to return to the mother in 2025-2027.
Good corporate trends and maintenance of a “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, presents the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.