HDZ (600309.sh) Basic chemical polyurethane ii 2502 ring steady, enhanced business resilience, accelerated technology
The chemical industry as a whole has remained stable and presents a pattern of high-quality structural improvement.
With science, technology and innovation as the first core competitiveness, the industrial structure is continuously optimized. Global polyurethane sector demand has stabilized in the first half of the year, new energy sources and high-end manufacturing have performed better, and demand for polyurethane composite materials has continued to rise, driven by light-quantified demand for new energy vehicles.
Less than expected. The concentration of production capacity in the petrochemical industry, such as the production of acrylic hydrocarbons in the first half of the year, led to a phased imbalance in supply and demand patterns, lower prices for petrochemical products, and a further reduction in profit margins for petrochemical operations.
Stable development, driven by demand from new and emerging industries, such as national innovation productivity strategies, and new energy sources, has ample scope for fine-tuning and new materials. Data show that 2025h1 companies, polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials have generated revenues of 368.88 million yuan, 349.34 million yuan, and 156.28 billion yuan, respectively.
MS: short-term pressure for profit, long-term project push-promotion - HFA-Chemicals - Quick Report - MS, with revenues from polyurethane, fine chemicals and new material plates increasing by the same amount.
Huenhua Chemistry: Downwards show business resilience, multi-projected push for the release of long-term dynamic energy - the Joaquin Securities-Chemicals-Commercial Express - to improve efficiency and strengthen business thinking. Huenhua moves from investment thinking to business thinking, constantly optimizing organizational structure,
Systems and processes, enhanced cost- and cost-control, more efficient allocation of resources, greater value creation and performance orientation, and adequate mobilization of all employees for motivation and creativity.
The main rate of operation has increased significantly. The company ' s second set of 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene devices have been successfully driven once, and the first set of acetylene devices has been modified for ethane feed, which is expected to result in a significant reduction in production costs and increase profitability.
Targets. Focus on efficiency improvements across the value chain, implementation of cost-benefit controls, and simultaneous enhancement of competitive advantage in product differentiation. Supply chains are flexiblely adjusted to maximize the use of the price period of the Valley, resulting in cost savings; by-product hydrochloric acids are further reduced and yield increases are effective.
Continuous propulsion process and parameter optimization, operation of power plants, chlor-alkalis, etc., in line with electricity price dynamics in the external market, effective control of operating costs and maintenance costs. Optimizing handling and warehousing programmes, negotiating the introduction of new suppliers, further reducing supply chain costs.
For the first time, a complete overhaul of the industrial chain was carried out, combined with actual operating conditions at the base, and a “precision overhaul” was carried out to avoid over-repair and cost savings.
Specializing in closing and closing the gap. Activating the strategic positioning of new energy materials leaders around the world, the production of battery materials in parallel with technological changes, the cross-fertilization of product qualification rates, and the achievement of single-month production capabilities to industry leaders.
Construction of the plant, with five units taking the lead, reducing the number of inspections by 90 per cent, with an accuracy rate of 98 per cent; 22 public engineering systems, with an efficiency gain of 21 per cent; and desalination devices, with a "unmanned inspection + remote control" to achieve the industry's first total unattended.
The company’s self-research technologies accelerate the transformation of results, and the ms devices succeed in a single drive, enriching optical business products.
Lines; tributylamine has been successfully industrialized, expanding the chain of special meds. The thorium polymer has produced a qualified product, perfecting the solution of the wand engineering plastic. Biobased 1,3-butadiol has been successfully imported into cosmetic customers. Battery materials have continued to expand their research and development inputs, several technological breakthroughs have been made, and the fourth generation of lithium phosphate has been produced and produced in five generations.
The company adheres to a product differentiation strategy, developing several new high-value-added poe, polyolefins, nylons, 12, modified materials, expanding market segments, and contributing to new business capabilities. Aai enabling research and development projects are moving ahead in an orderly manner, with high-performance organic optical polymers and advanced manufacturing technology focusing on strategic needs.
In 2025, 469 patents for domestic and foreign inventions were applied, 269 new licences were granted, overseas patents were distributed quickly, and overseas operations in support of new businesses were promoted.
Re-energizing technology, strengthening business efficiency at low points in the industry, deepening R & D to build up new growth points in the future.