The second quarter is an increase in the non-mortality ring ratio, the cost controls are effective, the basic chemical-chemical product is an increase in the net profit ring ratio for the company ' s collection and deduction from the non-mortality in the second quarter of 2025.
Continued depression and the weakness of polyurethane products, with a smaller decline in net interest rates, largely due to significant cost controls, with sales, management, R & D, financial costs of 0.7 per cent, 0.9 per cent, respectively, in the second quarter, and a significant decrease in costs due mainly to increased exchange rate earnings.
Polyurethane plates are divided in demand, with production expanding in an orderly manner. In the second quarter of 2025, the company’s polyurethane plate collection stabilized worldwide demand for polyurethane in the first half of the year, and the light quantification of new energy vehicles contributed to increased demand for composite materials, but energy efficiency in overseas buildings was weaker than expected.
The prices were 1.88/1.67/1.24 million yuan per ton, mdi for cold, low demand in the construction sector, external sales affected by tariff policies and a fall in export orders, and tdi for the motor vehicle industry for growth and household demand.
The second set of 330,000 tons of capacity was expected to be completed this year, with mdi and tdi producing 450 and 1.44 million tons, respectively. The petrochemical plate was less profitable and the new capacity increased.
The concentration of the production capacity of the industry's polyurethane released effects, with a phased imbalance in supply and demand patterns, and low product prices leading to a shrinking of profit margins. Companies boosted profitability by balancing production and marketing relationships and optimizing production capacity utilization.
Humhua Chemistry (600309.sh) - Global mdi plants have increased prices, demand supports 1.2 million tonnes/yearly Ethylene II devices have been put into production, and phase one ethane feed re-engineering has been advanced to reduce costs.
The sales of fine chemicals and new materials have increased and the demand has increased.
"Multi-Walt Chemical (600309.sh) - Construction Special Polyolefins Project, ethane Feeding Safe 62.65 million tonnes (Rope flat/+20%). The steady development of the plate, the drying-up of the global layout of the business, the ms resin device, a one-time drive to fill the gap in high-end optical scale production in the country.
The whole industry chain of vitamina is integrated into the field of nutritional health, benefiting from new-quality productivity strategies and new energy industry needs and ample space for development. Investment proposal: an orderly expansion of corporate polyurethane production, which we maintain as a net return to the company in 2025-2027
In the second quarter of 2025, companies increased their net profit-rings and deductions from the parent base. The fall in profits achieved by companies in the second quarter of 2025 was due mainly to the continued low price of petrochemical products and the weakness of polyurethane products, with a smaller decline in net interest rates, mainly due to significant cost-control gains in marketing, management, R & D, and financial cost rates in the second quarter, respectively.
The significant decrease in financial costs is mainly due to the increase in exchange rate earnings.
Figure 3: Māori, net interest rate for Quantities of Chemistry Quarterly, Figure 4: Quarterly Distribution, Management, R & D, Financial Cost of Quantities of Quantities Billion (Run + 0.2%) with output/distribution of 11/15580,000 tonnes (Run + 3%/+ 9%). Global Gathering in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company’s net mdi/polymdi/tdi prices were 1.88/1.171.24 million yuan, mdi for cold, low demand in the construction industry, and export orders for export.
In July, the price of tdi went up fast, owing to the lack of resilience of overseas installations and the concentration of multiple devices. The company mdi and tdi's annual capacity is currently being divided by 700,000 tons in February of the year, and the second set of 330,000 tons of tdi is expected to be completed this year.
At that time, the capacity of mdi and tdi would amount to 4.5 and 1.44 million tons, respectively.
Figure 8: Distribution of polyurethane plates, Figure 9: Production of refrigerators and freezers in China per month per month (%) Figure 10: Export of refrigerators in China per month per month (%)
In the second quarter of 2025, the company released $18.61 billion in revenues from petrochemical plates, resulting in a phased imbalance in supply and demand patterns, and low product prices, which led to a shrinking of profit margins. By balancing production and marketing relationships and optimizing capacity utilization, the company increased profitability, with 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene II devices already in production.
The sale of fine chemicals and new material plates has increased and the demand has increased. The company collected $8.26 billion in fine chemicals and new material plates in the second quarter of 2025 (the ring ratio + 12%) and the volume of production/distribution was 62/65 million tons (the ring).
A steady development of the plate, the deepening of the globalized layout of the Didi operation, a one-time drive of the ms resin device succeeded in filling gaps in high-end optical scale production in the country, and vitamina was integrated into the nutritional well-being sector, benefiting from new-quality productivity strategies and new energy industry needs, with sufficient space for development.
Companies continue to promote the theme of the Year of Change management, improving efficiency through organizational optimization and cost-control. Smoking workers complete 14 sets of installations and upgrade their intellectual level; precision incentives are implemented at Ningpo Industrial Park to focus on the efficiency of the entire value chain; Hungary bc optimizes logistics and supply chains and reduces operating costs; Fujian Industry
Parks increase earnings through base; Sichuan Yingsan Industrial Park battery materials produce industry leaders. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.