5g and cloud computing, with the telecommunications plate coming out on 31st of August 2018.
The company’s previous performance was affected by the relocation of the new plant in Quanshan and the start-up of the new plant in Yellowstone.
At this point, with the return of the Quanshan new telecommunications board and the substantial loss of the Yellowstone plant, we believe that the company’s worst times are behind us, and that future performance is expected to continue. The benefit of the 5g base station construction and cloud computing pulls up, and the communication pcb is on the rise: the need for the communication board.
The main drivers are two-fold: 1) 5g base station re-engineering, significant increase in the number of macro-based stations plus micro-based stations, and high-speed high-frequency (HF) high-speed high-frequency (HF) high-priced communication panels; 2) cloud computing drives the construction of mega-data centres, with the server pcb becoming another growth pole in the communications board.
High-end communication boards are stable in base stations, large clients of servers, and new items, such as multiple antennas, super-sized backboards, will benefit fully from the construction of 5g base stations and the eruption of cloud computing markets. Electricization, intelligent stimulation of vehicle pcb demand, with wide future growth space: new energy vehicles.
The power control systems bms, vcu, mcu, as well as the rapid penetration of the adas application, which has become the fastest compounding area of the future pcb. For 17 years, the company has successfully joined the world’s top ten car panelers, including 24ghz, in collaboration with Schweizer, Germany.
The rapid growth of the car electronics market will benefit from the opening of the yellowstone second-stage car board. Multiply, based on the company’s expected faster performance growth over the last two years, there is still room for improvement in the 18-year valuation.
The price of raw materials has risen dramatically, and the dilemma has reversed. Communications, carboard binges are on the rise. 1.1. Follow the pcb bloodstream and take advantage of the winds of industrial transfer.
The company focuses on the production and sale of printed circuit boards for each category, with 14-28 floors of corporate communications boards, medium- and high-level motor panels, and covers public and industrial equipment boards, consumer electronic panels, etc., and is widely used in communications, automobile electronics, industrial controls and cloud computing.
Microwave radio frequency applications. In 1992, the Hong Kong Bixin, owned by the Ng Reeang family, was set up on a trust with the Ng Reeang family in Taiwan, and a pcb factory with 55% of the shares of the Xinjiang electronics once created in 1978.
In order to deal with competition among peers, since June 2008 members of the Ng Reeang family have resigned from their positions in Nanjing Electronics, while selling Nanjing Electronics shares, which also release some of the Nanjian Electronics shares. As of mid-18 years, according to the report, 20.46% of the inter-State controlr's Wu Reyu family held shares, while Nanjing Electronics still holds 12.89% of the shares through the Nanjing Holdings.
Since 2000, the global pcb industry has moved to the mainland, where, according to the Prismark data, production rose from $3.368 billion in 2000 to $20.17 billion in 2010, with a compound increase of up to 19.6 per cent in the beneficiary industries.
Figure 3: Global shift of the pcb industry to the mainland after 2000
At the beginning of the company’s existence, pcb was mainly used to produce computer mainframes, computer peripherals and simulators, with four-sided technology, production orders, and key managers coming from Nandi Electronics. As a result of the Asian financial crisis in 1997, there were fewer e-orders, companies began to move independently into the communications board market, and in 2000 they entered the carboard market, all of which was based on technology.
In the first half of 18 years, the share of revenues from electronic panels, which are dominated, and the company continues to be a deep-farming telecommunications board and car board, which constitute the domestic conglomerates, reached 62.67 per cent and 27.52 per cent, respectively.In the area of telecommunications boards, the company owns major customers, such as Hua, Nokia and other stations and servers, of which 17 years are from the first generation.
A major client earns $970 million, or 21.05% of the total. In the automotive sector, companies own large customers such as continental auto electronics, Bozos, etc. The top five clients earn a stable share of 69.17% in 17 years.
According to nti data, in 2017, the share in electricity was ranked second among the country’s 10 top companies, pcb hardboard. The company is now collecting mainly three plants: 1) subsidiary, micro-micro, with an annual capacity of 1.1 million m2 and its main product is the new plant in Kunshan, with an annual capacity of 2.2 million m2 and its main product is the telecommunications board; 3) Yellowstone plant, with an annual output of 2.2 million m2
With a capacity of between 600,000 and 700,000 square metres, one of the main products is a medium- and low-end communications board, which is currently being expanded to include part of the low- and medium-end motor panels for phase II. Of this, the construction of the new plant in Kunshan began in 2011, the construction of the Yellowstone plant started in 2013 and the relocation of the plant in 2014
As a result of moving into the installation, commissioning, testing, and production stages, there has been a decline in the company’s capacity and product performance, as well as a drag on its overall performance. The worst times have passed, and communications and motor panels are on the rise.
Starting in 2016, the company ' s new productive capacity began to be released, there was a marked improvement in both capacity utilization and good product rates, and the Māori rate recovered rapidly. In 2017, the company achieved operating income of $4.627 billion, an increase of 22.07 per cent, and a net return of $204 million, a significant increase of 55.95 per cent.
At this point, we believe that the company's worst times have passed and that it is expected to grow fast in the coming years, with significant annual losses, a year-round balance of gains and losses, with gradual performance starting in 19; and 3) corporate communication boards and motor panels.
Large-scale domestic leaders are expected to benefit fully from the rapid development of 5g, cloud computing, and automobile electronics. 5g base stations and cloud computing pull-up, communications pcb are on-line at 2.1.5g, high speed, low delay, high capacity demand.
The major changes in mobile communication technologies every 10 years, which are now gradually moving from 4g to 5g, and the recent circular issued by the Ministry of Information and Communications and the Commission on Sustainable Development on a three-year plan of action to expand and upgrade information consumption (2018-2020), ensure that 5g 5g is an age of interconnectivity and that the number of physical connections will usher in the development of the well-blowing and the global contours of 2020
Network connections will reach 50 billion. This is also a higher requirement for 5g communications capacity indicators: users experience the rate of data up from 10 mps to 100 mps, peak data up from 1 gbps to 20 gbps, delay down from 10 ms to 1 ms, regional transmission capacity up from 0.1 mbps/m to 10 mbps/m.
2.2. Increase in the number of base station re-engineering + and the imminent outbreak of investment in 5g base station construction 4g base station is composed of three main components: antennas, rru (radio frequency stretching unit) and bbu (baseband processing unit), and the capacity of the traditional cpri (public radio interface between rru and bbu) of 10 gbps, which is gradually falling short of meeting demand,
The 5g era needed to be upgraded to hundreds of gbps-1tbps, and the base station faced re-engineering in order to reduce the bandwidth of the transfer. 5g The new base structure splits bbu into two main parts: cu (central unit) and du (distribution unit), and part of it is moved up to rru/aau, reducing bandwidth requirements between rru and du, which mainly handles real-time needs
The re-engineering of the 5g base station has increased construction costs, with an average cost of 125,000 base stations, and an increase of more than 25% in the 5g base station to 157,000. Meanwhile, the 5g-era sea level connection has directly driven the demand for the base station, which was about 300 at the end of 16th year.
Huan (1.44 million Chinese mobile, 860,000 Chinese telecommunications and 700,000 Chinese connected), an additional 600,000 to 3.6 million in 17 years, 5g has a 1.5-fold plan for the base station, which is 5.4 million, and 2019-2023 will be at a high rate of growth.
The construction of the 5g micro-stations is about to break out, except for the macro-based station. The micro-based station is much smaller than the macro-based station in terms of product form, launch power, coverage, etc. The micro-based station has emerged mainly to address the problems of weak coverage of the macro-based station signals, blind spots, and hotspot areas with insufficient capacity.
According to Sadie’s consultant, the number of five-g-based stations is about 5.4 million, the number of supported micro-based stations is 25 million, and the total capital invested in the construction of the base is about 1.2 trillion, well beyond the $450 billion investment in the construction of the 4-g-based station, which is about to break out.
2.3.5g high-speed high frequency (HHF) further boosts the pcb value of communications by re-engineering the 5g base station and increasing the number of base stations significantly boosts the demand for the pcb board, while the 5g high-speed high frequency (HF) features will increase the complexity and demand of the pcb board at the same time, leading to a significant increase in the value of the pcb board.
The first is pcb, where two indicators associated with signal transmission performance are the medium constant dk and medium loss df. dk determines signal transmission speed and df determines signal transmission loss. The current popular pcb panel is fr-4, dk 4.2-4.7, df over 0.01, with greater losses in high-speed high-frequency circuits.
Different frequency bands, different transmission speed circuits require different df and dk for panels, 5g uses millimetre wavework as transmission medium, df and dk are very demanding for panels, df needs to be below 0.005, dk needs to be below 3, and the price of low-media constant and medium-depletion plates is relatively high, leading to an increase in the pcb unit price of 5g newsletters.
Second, the base station pcb will be significantly increased in usage and layer. The base station's mobile transmission network consists mainly of a pre-transmission network and a back-to-back network. The forward-to-back network is a network between the strap and the antenna and is made up of antennas, rru (radio frequency) and bbu.
On the antenna side, 5g using large-scale antenna array technology is well established to provide a basis for the coverage and efficiency of wireless networks. Currently, 4g antenna array units are generally not more than 8 and 5g large-scale antenna array units will be reached.
To 128 or more, each array unit will have pcb and the antenna will be significantly increased by pcb. At the same time, from 4g to 5g, the number of communication channels will increase significantly, with an increase in frequency bands, with approximately 16 channels in 4g, the 5g will reach 128, the pcb panels will be more complex and the size and number of layers will be significantly increased.
Upgraded from two panels to about 12 floors, the size increased from 15 cm2 to 35 cm2. 2d-mimowitlitredantenas 3d-mimowithmassiveantnas
I don't know, increasesignopolwe reduceinter-cellterence services services
The same is true in the bbu, rru and otn networks, in particular, the single and backboards in the otn network, which have a very large amount of metre/m2; the backboards, which carry the function of connecting the functional panels and achieving the transmission of signals between the functional panels, are the aorta of the electronic system, increasing from 30-40 floors of 4g to 40-50 floors of 5g, with the unit price rising from 8,000 yuan/m3 to 5g.
Figure 25: Backboards and singleboards used in machine cabinets in the otn network
The value of single station pcb is expected to reach 77,000 yuan and increase it several times. 2.4. Cloud computing drives the data centre to become another growth pole of communication pcb. We have entered an era of data explosion, and cloud computing demands are increasing, based on cisco data.
Global data centre ip traffic will reach 20.6zb in 2021 and 25% compound growth in 2016-2021. Correspondingly, the number of megadata centres (synergy defined as the number of hundreds of thousands of servers, even millions of servers, according to the centre) will rise rapidly and, according to Cisco data, the number of megadata centres worldwide in 2017 will rise rapidly.
By 386 or 32 per cent, 628 or 53 per cent in 2021. Figure 29: Rapid growth in the number of mega-data centres from global cloud computing and cloud services capital spending can also be validated, based on synergy
According to Research data, capital spending by 18q1 super-large operators amounted to $27 billion, an increase of 80 per cent over the same period. Miskaka also noted that in 2021 the global cloud data centre would have a capital expenditure of $108 billion, 2.6 times more than in 2017.
1) Backboards, used to carry all kinds of lnecards, with a plate thickness of 4 mm or more, with layers often exceeding 20 layers, with a length ratio of more than 14:1; 2) lc mainboard, generally above 16 layers, with a plate thickness of 2.4 mm or more, with the outer line line wide-width design usually used
At 0.1 mm 0.1 mm and below and with high signal wear and tear requirements; 3) lc e-net cards above 10 floors with a plate thickness of about 1.6 mm; 4) memory cards, usually above 10 floors, are limited in size and have a line width of 0.1 mm/0.1 mm and below.
The most significant feature of pcb for high-end servers is the high-level number, vertical ratio, high density and high transmission speed, with higher requirements for pcb materials and process technology, so cloud computing, which drives the construction of super-large data centres, will significantly boost the demand for high-end communication boards and become another growth pole for communication pcb.
2.5. Medium- and high-end communication boards have fully benefited from the construction of 5g base stations and cloud computing market eruptions.
The company began entering the telecommunications board market in 1997, with an advantage of medium- and high-end communications boards on 14-28 floors, top of the backboard, up to 56 floors, top of the lineboard, up to 32 floors. The company and deep south circuits are now the two largest in the country.
In 2017, the company’s communications board generated $2.9 billion, an increase of 22.1% over the same year, and in deep south, the pcb operation was dominated by communications, which we judge to be about $3 billion in 17 years.
The company's communications boards are based on two new plants in Quanshan and the Yellowstone Project, with world-class customers such as Hua and Nokia.
In the first half of the 18th year, China earned $290 million, an increase of 68.5 per cent, and achieved a single-season loss for the first time in q2. In recent years, the company has continued to increase its research and development in the areas of high-speed high-frequency communications, datacenter, artificial intelligence, etc.
Inputs and substantial breakthroughs in new wireless 5g products, such as millimetre microwaves, multilayer antennas, materials and signal integrity studies, high-speed product critical tolerances, etc., to provide a technological reserve for the 5g communications and cloud computing markets. Electricization, intelligent stimulation of vehicle requirements at pcb, with wide potential for future growth
Pcb is one of the fastest-growing areas in the next five years of the pcb breakdown application. Pcb should be widely used in car electronics, involving power control systems, security control systems, body electronics, and entertainment communication systems.
In 2018, car electron accounted for an average of more than 30% of total vehicle costs, and in 2020 it will reach 35%, and in 2030 it will be increased mainly by electric and intellectual pull. According to the Prismark data, in 2016, the world-wide car was produced at a pcb value of $4.9 billion, and, with motor power, it will reach $6.1 billion in 2021.
3.1. The sale of new energy vehicles has increased rapidly, the power control system pcb has increased several times, and we are one of the fastest-growing countries in terms of new energy vehicles, and the sales of new energy vehicles have increased rapidly.
Battery management system bms is the three core modules of the new energy motor control system, which are not contained in conventional fuel cars. The pcb values used in vcu and mcu are about $150, the bms are high for pcb, and the process requirements are high, generally over $1,500, and the three modules will result in an increase in the pcb value of the bicycle.
We measure the size of the pcb market, where new energy motor control systems are pulling, assuming that by 2020 the world's new sources will be $6 million, and a single-power control system pcb2,000, the electrically driven car pcb market is expected to reach $12 billion.
3.2. Aadas rapid penetration and the need for smart applications such as millimetre-wave radar to pull high-frequency panels adas, the advanced driving support system, are used to collect environmental data for the first time, both inside and outside the vehicle, using vehicle-borne sensors, for technical processing, such as static, dynamic object identification, detection and tracking, so that drivers can detect possible occurrences at the earliest possible time
According to ntsa, automatic driving can be divided into five levels, representing non-automated, driver support, partial automation, conditional automation, and a high degree of automation, i.e., unmanned. Goldman Sachs points out that it is currently in the initial phase of marketization of 1.3, with fully automated driving at level 1-4 in about 2025.
Marketized. By country, based on cmk data, Japan ' s allocation rate for new cars adas was as high as 40% in 2016, and the allocation rate for the European and American countries rose rapidly. Our penetration rate for adas is 2-5%, and future penetration is in the air.
Figure 47: Autopilot classification criteria Smart driving systems first need to be perceptive, using sensors such as laser radar, millimetre wave radar, camera head, ultrasound radar, etc. The millimetre wave is an electromagnetic wave with a wavelength between 1-10 mm and a frequency of 30-300ghz with a high penetration force.
millimetre-wave radars are high-precision sensors measuring relative distance, relative velocity, and location of the measured object, which are used in the military field at an early stage. They are also currently used in auto electrons, becoming the core hardware of adas, the only sensor independent of weather, light, and having an advantage in speed and distance detection.
Currently, millimetre wave radars have two main functions: blind spot detection at medium and short range, early warning of traffic deviations, assistive maintenance of lanes, active diversion aids, parking aids, etc., with medium and long range from more than one millimetre wave radar.
The millimetre-wave radar consists of two major core hardware: the mic circuit and the radar antenna HFpcb board, which has three layers of HF material to be used on the base plate, taking into account the thermal stability of the material.
The pcb price for millimetre-wave radars is usually 1.5-3 times the normal pcb price. The global market for millimetre-wave radars is evaporated, the mainland, the Sky, the Faleo, Heila, Delfort, the electric suit, Ottoli.
In the radar pcb and the board market, only a few companies, such as Rogers, Schweizer, Taconic, have the technology, and the electricity is working with Schweizer. In addition, fixed speed, diversion, and other operational controls in adas, safety controls and electric vehicles, such as crash protection, airbags, etc.
The perimeter control of vehicles, such as windows, doors, mirrors, etc., has also increased the use of pcb. The adas penetration rate has been increasing and gradually moving towards full autopilot, opening up a wide range of growth space for vehicle pcb.
3.3. The high performance of vehicles with pcb requires the construction of high barriers and the provision of robust growth kinetic energy by pre-cards Overall, the performance of vehicles with pcb is influenced by external environments such as temperature, humidity and vibrating loads, and by new and increased application of decoupled functions. On the one hand, electronic products are becoming smaller and closer to brakes (e.g. engines),
Under the electric trend, pcb needs to withstand a million-hour lifetime of a few hundred amperes and up to 1,000 volts of voltage and other auto environments. On the other hand, under the intelligent trend, high-speed high-frequency applications such as car-mounted computers, radars, etc. are introduced sequentially to satisfy automaticity.
Signal processing requirements for driving and connected vehicles require the use of several thousand i/o and bga stationors and storage units with a distance of less than 0.8 mm, with higher performance requirements for vehicle pcb and higher industry access thresholds.
Because of the high electronic reliability requirements of automobiles for pcb, the longer certification cycles of major car firms, usually for 2-3 years, and the fact that once they enter the supply chain, they are not easily replaced and their customers are more sticky, this also increases the difficulty of the conversion of the pcb manufacturer ' s car plate, and the trend in industry is favourable to front-loading leading firms.
The company began the development of motor panels in 2000 and has continued to expand in recent years, with a client certification of various parts and components of Tier 1 from the mainland, Bo, etc., which achieved 1,128 million won in 2017, an increase of 16.85 per cent over the same period, and successfully joined the top ten global car manufacturers, and bms, with a steady supply of pcb.
In 2014, the company, in cooperation with and in partnership with Schweizeredictronicag, Germany, now holds 17.94% of the shares of Schweizer. Schweizer, a world-class pcb plant, was founded in 1849 and has an intellectual capacity.
In collaboration, Schweizer became the exclusive distributor of the company ' s lfpcbs product in Europe, and the radar board began to take orders in late 2014, certified by Schweizer.
The development of 77 ghz products is proceeding steadily with the delivery of bulk quantities at the Daft. Figure 59: HF radar boards for cooperation with Bosun, Figure 60: rsf4 board for cooperation with the mainland
The company’s annual capacity of 1.1 million m2 of car panels has been fully operational, with limited capacity to expand owing to external resource constraints. The Yellowstone plant is currently expanding its car panels in phase II to accelerate the transfer of non-safe plates to the Yellow Stone plant, which is expected to be operational by the end of 2019. We believe that with the increase in the share of high-end car boards in the ricket plant, it will be able to
The company announced in June 17 that it would raise 62.915 million yuan in funds as of October 17, and that it would be able to raise more money and raise more money for the future.
The company’s actual control over the company’s members, Mr. Wu Reyuan, Mr. Wu Xu Bin, and Mr. Wu Xi Lin, totaled RMB 45 million, and completed stock purchases at a price of $4.68 per share through a large deal in November 17. The company’s development results underscore confidence in future development.
1) Telecommunications boards: benefiting from the construction of 5g base stations and cloud computing, the growth momentum of the telecommunications board is sufficient, the company ' s new plant in Kunshan is primarily responsible for medium- and high-end communication boards, the yellowstone plant is responsible for the first phase of medium- and low-end communication boards, the company has a layout in multi-storey antennas, super-large backboards, and is expected to benefit fully in the future from the construction of 5g base stations and cloud computing outbreaks, and we expect communications 2018-2020
2) Automotive plates: New-energy vehicles and adas are fast permeating the demand for motor panels, corporate microelectrics are responsible for the motor panels, and the yellowstone plant is stage II is also the planning board, and revenue from the motor panels is expected to be maintained with the second stage of production. 3) Office industry equipment and consumer electronic boards: demand for office equipment and consumer electronic panels is growing steadily, companies are experiencing a steady increase in demand for office equipment and consumer panels.
Based on the firm's faster performance growth expectations for the last two years, there is still room for improvement in the 18-year valuation, which covers the first time and gives a “buy-in” rating. 5g, cloud computing is not as advanced as expected: corporate communication boards are the core business, with future growth with 5g, cloud computing processes.
(c) Overcapacity in the pcb industry, price decline: domestic capital pcb manufacturers have recently expanded their production and, if the capacity is released too quickly and downstream demand is not growing as expected, may result in overcapacity in the pcb sector, leading to prices
The price of raw materials has risen significantly: the caps account for the higher costs of pcb, and the company will face pressure at the end of the pcb product if the price of raw materials rises significantly. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has an investment advisory committee on securities.