The seafood industry (603288.sh) experienced accelerated growth in the second quarter, with positive adjustments pending recovery.
In mid-2022, the seafood industry announced a revenue of 13.53 billion yuan in 2022h1, an increase of 9.7% in the same year; and a net return of 50.7, 42.6, and 36.1 times the net return. Seafood brands and channels have long-standing advantages, companies are increasingly competitive, and the share of the multi-producer development market can still expand, with long-term cycles looking at future developments and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
• The low base plus increased repayments at the end of the season, and the increase in second-quarter harvests increased by 22.2 per cent and the increase in the ring ratio in the seafood industry by 22.2 per cent. The reason is that the base was lower as a result of group purchase disturbances during the same period in 2021: second, the increase in corporate repayments at the end of the quarter.
The overall pressure on the company has increased. By category, the soy sauce (new zero added contribution) increased by 17.1%, the soy sauce by 12.0%, and 3.9% respectively, the small product (mainly vinegar and alcohol) grew by 87.3%, and the overall collection increased, reflecting the product diversification effect.
In the second half of the year, the company increased its input at the end of the market to assist the pipeline in inventory de-mining.
The overall rate of cost does not change much. Looking forward, cost pressures are expected to decrease in the second half of the year, market effective investment can contribute to a steady decrease in cost rates, and it is expected that the net gain in the second half of the year will be higher than in the first half.
" Short-term performance pressure, long-term sound development " , with the impact of the external shocks of the epidemic, and the dynamic restructuring of the leading seafood industry, while accelerating the deployment of new retail outlets, divisional update report 2022.4.29
Increased in-depth cooperation, including community shopping, to accelerate market transformation; on the other hand, active cooperation with large businesses, Still in Pressure, Steady Development - Corporate Information Builds Core Dealers and Strong Alliances among Manufacturers. Zero-added sauce in new products has been marketed and will be possible in the future.
The new report 2022.3.26 An optimistic outlook; food and oil products have also been introduced to the market, which will build new growth points for the future.
Increased focus on the strengthening of competitive power to prepare for a recovery in consumption.