Sea weather industry (603288): second quarter performance Sea weather industry event: company business income from H1 in 2022 was 13,532 million yuan, compared to 9.73 per cent, net benefit to the mother
For many years, companies have been ranked first in the industry in terms of the volume and income of their spices, including soy sauce, aphid oil, soy sauce, vinegar, chicken sperm, spices, wine, etc.
The higher-than-expected growth in the second quarter is the result of a combination of channels and products. q2 of this year’s company harvests of soy sauce, flavour sauce and aphid oil, alcohol, vinegar are the most important products of the current company.
The company’s sales at the end of the company’s product account for 2021 China’s brand power index (c-bpi) list.
Higher, and therefore more affected by the epidemic in the first half of the year, when sales increased slightly in the second quarter, with "four crowns" of sauce and vinegar. The second quarter of the company recovered from the low q2 base last year, on the one hand, and the other, from the right.
In the first half of the year, the company accelerated cultivation and innovation in terms of products, channels, terminals, etc., and made effective breakthroughs in new retail outlets. In terms of products, the company earned $7,493 million in soy sauce in the first half of the year, compared to 6.81% in the previous half of the year.
The two types of high-potential products have developed beyond normal patterns, in addition to technological upgrades.
The value of by-products has been increased, contributing to corporate income. We believe that the company distribution network is strong, that vinegar, alcohol and other new products are expected to grow rapidly through the company distribution network, and thus that, for the subregion, the east is less affected by the epidemic than ever before, with the south and north receiving double-digit increases.
As the epidemic subsided in the second half of the year, it was judged that revenue growth in the East China region could recover. Overall, the company was a national brand, with a geographical balance that reflected the company’s relatively strong channel management and brand power, which provided a good basis for the sale of new products.
The prices of pet and soybeans have fallen slightly in the second half of the year, but they are still high, and the pressure on raw materials is still high in the second half of the year, yet companies have been able to continuously improve their Māori rate levels through lean management, and we believe that once raw material prices have fallen, their performance has recovered more resiliently.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: In the short term, the impact of the epidemic on the company at end b is gradually improving. In the long run, the company has multiple advantages, such as access, products, brand power, etc., with a solid base of old goods and a single s1480070004
A sustained growth in the volume of new products is expected, and the company’s performance is expected to continue at a better pace in the long run.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Seafood Industries (603288): A little over-expected in the second quarter, with further improvements expected in the second half of the year.
An analysis of your own research views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.