The company's review report, the flavour fermented platinum, was reported in mid-2022 on 29 August 2022.
Liu Xinjiang actively adjusted to cope with the pressure, with 22q2 incomes rising at a rate of 13,532 million yuan, or +9.7 per cent; 22,022 billion dollars, or +22.2 per cent, corresponding to 22,202 million dollars, and, overall, 2202 incomes grew at a faster rate than the same and ring.
It is expected to benefit mainly from: 1) the gradual degeneration of post-spring pipeline stocks and the start of stock replenishments in the second quarter: 2) the investment in Zhejiang, Jiujiang, Hong Kong River, and a contribution to some of the revenue increases; 3) the low base effect. For sub-products, 2202 soy sauce is expected to benefit from the new investment subsidiary 's long-silver, bin and table, while still in the process of releasing the dividends.
Most of them are from April-May, when the outbreak hit catering demand. On the channel side, 2202 below-line/on-line income accounted for 90.4%, while the upward trend slightly slowed as the off-line route recovered; the number of dealers at the end of 22q2 was 7147 and the ring ratio + 0.1%, reflecting that the pipeline end is still in the process of adjustment.
Reconnaissance of hedge costs continues to weaken profitability. 22h1 achieves a net return of 3.393 billion, with rapid growth, but the profitability continues to grow, largely due to higher prices for raw materials. Māori: 2202 Māori is 34.9%, compared to 2.2pt, a decline of less than the competitors, mainly in the prices of soybean, package, etc.
Weaknesses in the ring have largely benefited from: 1) the epidemic, albeit intermittently, but managed as a whole, is expected to demand the catering end, the Division has great advantages at the end of the product and at the end of the channel, and future product end expansion and channel extension are expected to be closed, complemented by a relatively deep 300-percent pattern
The equivalent is 51/43/36x, which maintains a “recommended” rating, taking into account the company's advantages as a platform company.
On the bottom, actively adjusting to the changes, the company's evaluation report reports - Seafood: 21q4 performance increases and looks forward to the basic tipping point.
Figure 1: Quarterly income and increase in sea weather industry, Figure 2: Quarterly profits and increase in sea weather industry, Figure 3: Quarterly changes in profitability in sea weather industry
Figure 4: Quarterly income structure of the sea weather industry, Figure 6: Regional distribution of sea weather industry income
Qinghua University was very successful in entering the securities industry in 2007 and joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2011. Many years of research experience in the consumer sector. Liu Guangmi: Master of Economics, joined the Human Security Institute in 2020, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, covered the catering supply chain, spices, soft drinks, dairy products, etc., and was good at deepening the value of industry investment through historical retraces and comparative perspectives abroad.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.