Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) On the night of 29 August, the sea weather industry released a 2022 performance report, with 22h1 achieving a net profit/return to the mother of 135.32/3393/3293 million, corresponding to a net profit/deduction to the mother of 135.32/393/3293 million
Sub-groups such as alcohol and vinegar have increased and channel tillage has continued to sink 1) Sub-products: 22h1 soy sauce/false sauce/silf oil/other spices, respectively 34.18/6.14/10.778.796 million soy sauce/sort oil/other spices, respectively
In addition, the rate of increase in life is higher than the overall rate of increase in soy sauce, and while the gold standard, old mushrooms, rare taste, etc., has a large monolithic dynamic, the new product process has continued, with a zero-added series continuing to be released; 2) Subregionally: 22H1 harvests have been achieved in the east/south/central/north/west, respectively
Downfall: 22h1 sales network covering 31 provincial administrative regions, more than 320 local municipalities, more than 2,000 subdistrict markets, bringing the total number of 22h1 distributors to 7147 (a net decrease of 283 distributors compared with the beginning of the year, a net increase of 8 at the end of the quarter, and a more or less flat ring) in the future
The company is expected to increase its efforts to expand marketing areas and sink further to districts and communities; 4) 113.3 per cent online, to strengthen the management, services and cooperation of major platform power providers such as community group purchasing and time-to-home acquisition, and to see the company explore the future orientation and sustainability of new marketing models.
• The increase in the gross profit ratio of raw materials has been pressured by a number of initiatives to reduce efficiency gains. Various company initiatives have been parallel, with significant control effects, with sales costs of 4.68 per cent for 22q2 sales, 0.5 pct lower than for the same year, and management costs of 1.62 per cent lower than for 0.3 pct lower than for the same year.
2. A steady and dynamic shift towards a new recipe for food will result in companies continuing to dig for subterfuges, further expanding size advantages and hedge cost pressures. • Core competitiveness will reaffirm: economies of scale plus extension platforms for goods plus access barriers plus strong brand power
1) Large-scale advantages of production capacity; 2) Extensions of the product category continue to grow, with the taps moving towards platforming; 3) Sea-based core channel barriers: dietary advantage is easy to withstand + “pay first, then close” + dealer management system covers deep down-line markets; 4) strong branding promotion is reduced
Improved corporate business loops in the second quarter, good power for future growth in the category of disaggregated products, improved channels, and sustained consolidation of the advantages of size on networks and users. Cost pressures and industry competition based on product structural upgrading, lower efficiency, etc. 1): significant increases in raw materials prices, pressure on transport costs, etc., companies
(c) Corporate-related debt and management governance issues;
4. Food safety risks: food safety incidents. The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using information that is legally compliant. The data and information used in this report are from publicly available information on the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.