Performance meets expectations and accelerates the pursuit of year-round targets - Oceanic Industries (603288.sh) incident assessment report, Sea Weather Industry announcement: 13.53 billion yuan (+9.7 per cent) in 2022h1 battalion.
The net profit of the mother was $3.39 billion (+1.2 per cent).
Other products are growing rapidly, accelerating the construction of the power-market platform 2022q2 with a net addition of eight distributors to 7147.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, the spread of the epidemic, increased competition in the industry, capacity-building, and the report of the China Securities* Corporation* on the seafood industry have been set up or used less than expected and price increases have been less than expected.
3 China Securities * Report * Seafood * (603288): Multi-temporal response to the epidemic, double-digit growth of *2020415* Sunshan *
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
To capture short- and medium-term potential shares; to think hard about the white wine plate, and to think deeply and think deeply about the Su wine. What's the word: University of Shandong, Bachelor of Law, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.