Events: The company released its semi-annual report for 2022, with 22h1 achieving revenues of $13,532 million, an increase of 9.73% over the same period; net profit on maternity of $3,393 million, an increase of 1.21% over the same period; growth in non-contribution to the 22q2 battalion was higher than expected.
\triangleright 17.1/3.9/12.0% respectively, soy sauce and aphids show relatively strong performance, and the increase in savory sauce is still weak.
For 19.4%/57.5%, the high growth in online channels is mainly due to the active development of new retail outlets by companies, and for the subregion, the growth in the Eastern/South/Central/North/West region was \triangleright, respectively.
The decline of 0.5 percentage points in the same year is mainly due to the reduction in advertising inputs and human costs during the epidemic. The difference in gross sales was 30.2 per cent, a decrease of 1.7 percentage points in the same year. The management cost rate was 1.6 per cent, a decrease of 0.3 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to the impact of scale.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Short-term domestic outbreaks, weak consumer demand, higher expectations of materials and increased corporate pressure. In the face of an unfavourable environment, companies have accelerated the roll-out of new products, new packaging, new retail outlets, etc., and we have always been determined to develop confidence.
Risk factors: higher prices of raw materials than expected; increased competition in industry; recurrent outbreaks. \triangleright Sinda Securities Inc.
In 2015, I entered the National Social Affairs Fund (NSF) with sales + research experience, 2020.
The study focused on breaking through the industry and the shares, focusing on valuation and security margins. Personally known: walking out of food drinks research. You don't know how to talk, go deep, come out slowly. A solid industry study of temperature, and an effort to create value for investors in combination with stock understanding.
Li Qingfeng, Master of Arts, Graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, two years of experience in food and beverage research, and two years of experience in bond research.
Cheong Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from the Faculty of Economics, University of Xiamen, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Research, development, and operation: 1 year of food and beverage research experience. The main dairy products currently covered (in-depth study of Ili shares, Monxes, Moncrote, Good Bluedo, components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.