In the first half of 2019, the domestic market for stone-scavening robots was 11%, and many factors contributed to the rapid growth of the industry and to a large market space. The country’s land-scavenging robot industry grew rapidly.
In 2013-2018, China increased the sales of smart sweep robots from 570,000 to 5.77 million, with annual compound growth rates of about 58.88 per cent, and sales from 800 million yuan to 866 billion yuan, with annual composite growth rates of about 70.56 per cent. Currently, we have less than 5 per cent penetration, compared to 2019, when American households cleaned up robots.
The penetration rate is about 15 to 17%, and the irobot, a leading ground-swiping robot enterprise, has reached 22% as its next stage of development, and believes that long-term ground-scavenging robots will become household necessities. The field is expected to grow in the long run, driven by higher rates of urbanization, higher consumption, and technological advances.
There are high technical barriers in the field of sweeping robotics, and there is a clear advantage in the head. The core of sweeping robots is autonomous navigation, involving positioning, path planning algorithms and sensor technology, which is more sophisticated, and sweeping robots have higher technical barriers than conventional mini-power. On the other hand, cleaning robot products are being upgraded quickly, and continue to be sustainable for companies.
Research and development capabilities are more demanding. At the same time, head companies sell millions of land-cleaning robots every year, which generate a wealth of big data in household use, and data-based excavations and insights help businesses to better understand user needs, improve product user experiences and further widen the gap between small and medium brands.
With a clear strategic path for companies, future developments are expected. Companies are strong in R & D and have excellent product performance.
By developing markets in the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia, overseas markets can help to open up new opportunities for growth. At the same time, fund-raising projects, mainly for research and development, expand new areas of product applications, fully reflect corporate development strategies based on core technology belts and product-type expansion, can help to further strengthen the competitive position of firms in the market.
(3) Industry growth is not as good as expected; (4) strong competition leads to lower product prices. (i) Perfect combination with millet. Corporate development: stone technology was established in July 2014 as a home-based smart cleaning robot and other clean-up activities.
The company for the development and production of clean appliances received an investment in rice in September 2014 and became an ecological chain company for rice. Rocks and technology launched the first robotic product, "Micro-Screen Robotics" in September 2016. Market occupancy rose rapidly, thanks to the advantage of rice channels and the quality of the products themselves. Stone-scrubbing robots were launched in September 2017, and mini-watts were launched in March 2018.
In February 2020, the company’s logboard was the second listed company in the country’s field of land-cleaning robotics. The company is a small-scale eco-chain company. Chang-Chung holds 23.24% of the company’s shares in the company’s shareholders and actual controllers.
The rice-related parties hold 9.64 per cent and 8.89 per cent of the shares of the company, respectively, and are the second largest and third largest shareholders of the company, and the rice-related sectors together hold 18.53 per cent of the company ' s shares. (ii) The company ' s main product is sweep-and-ground robots.
The company’s main product is sweep-out robots, with 94.14% in 2019. The company’s main business is the design, development, production (by commissioning production) and marketing of smart hardware such as smart cleaning machines. Products include the custom brand “Mimi-house smart sweep robots”, “Mi-hand-held wireless vacuum cleaners” and its own brand “Stock-swipe-swipe robots”, “Stock-swipe-swipes”.
In 2019, the company was able to collect 3,958 million yuan, representing 94.14 per cent of its total operating income, which is the company's main product. By contrast, rice and stone-plating machines received a relatively high share of revenue, with rice, rock, and tidal robots earning 740 million dollars in sales in the first half of 2019.
1,171 million yuan and 0.72 billion yuan, representing 34.82 per cent, 55.08 per cent and 3.40 per cent of total operating income. Mi family, stone and tile sweep robots differ in their location. Mi smart sweeps robots and stone sweeps robots are mined using laser slam algorithms, tiles smart sweeps robots use random collision algorithms and inertial navigation algorithms in the first half of 2019.
The average price is $1126.28, $196.80, $1114.31. The rice brands are high-priced, stone brands are higher, and small tiles are aimed at random low-end markets and the market for inertial navigation products.
Not 108 million yuan, 1,478 million yuan and 1,171 million yuan, representing 9.63 per cent, 48.50 per cent and (iii) the growth of the domestic market share, which was ranked first in September 2016.
The second-largest enterprises, 12 per cent and 11 per cent respectively, respectively, accounted for the domestic market in the first half of 2019, 23 per cent, 13.3 per cent and 12.7 per cent respectively, respectively, respectively, and 26 per cent, respectively, for the domestic market (iv) financial indicators: increasing profitability.
The company ' s Māori ratio has been rising year by year with the rise in the share of home-owned brand sweep robots. In the first half of 2019, the Māori rate was 46.18%, 28.03%, 13.91%, and 13.58% respectively, for public stone sweepers, small tiles, rice sweepers, rice handheld wireless vacuum cleaners.
On the cost side, with the upgrading of management capacity, the rate of corporate management costs declined significantly, from 26.68 per cent in 2016 to 6.00 per cent in 2019: the cost of selling a company ' s own brand product was higher than that of millet, and the cost of a company ' s sales increased gradually, from 0.84 per cent in 2016 to 8.41 per cent in 2019.
With the increase in the Māori rate and the fall in the cost of the period, the profitability of the company has increased significantly, with net interest rates on company sales from 2016 to 2019.
Upstream is a spare parts manufacturer, midstream is a homemade manufacturer, downstream includes both on- and below-line channels, end-orientated consumers, and the core of the industrial chain is a middle-motivated homemade manufacturer.
Downstream channels, terminal consumers \boxtimes
Young consumers, pcb, are fully competitive.
Machines, power sources, pcb panels, electronic components and a variety of inkware (wheels, edge brushes, dust boxes, etc.). As the industry evolves, there are more mature suppliers of key parts upstream, and they are fully competitive.
In the first half of 2019, Coworth held 48% of the domestic market, followed by millet (12%) and stone (11%) and technology (71%). In the first half of 2019, the market on the Coves line was 43.4%.
The share of the top technology market was 13.3 per cent, 12.7 per cent, and the combined share of the top three was 69.4 per cent.
As Internet technology advances, the number of Internet users in China continues to rise, and online shopping has gradually become the more mainstream procurement channel, with 610 million Chinese Internet purchases in 2018. Internet users have a certain overlap with intelligent household users, and the sale of smart sweep robots is now online.
Young consumers in economically developed areas are the main consumers of land-scattering robots. Geographically, users of land-scattering machines are concentrated mainly in economically developed areas, with four cities with the highest focus in Beijing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Shanghai.
In terms of age distribution, 21-40 years of age are the main target group for soil sweep robots, with a ratio of 42.33 per cent for 21-30 years of age and 34.95 per cent for 31-40 years of age.
Figure 23: The 21-40-year-olds are the main target group for sweeper robots (ii) The industry is in the middle and long-term, driven by a number of factors,1 the industry of sweeper robots is growing rapidly and the market space is wide
The country has seen rapid growth in the land sweep robot industry, which grew from 570,000 in 2013-2018 to 5.77 million in 2013 with an average annual compound growth rate of about 58.88 per cent, with sales growing from 800 million yuan to 8.26 billion yuan, with an average annual compound growth rate of about 70.56 per cent. In the context of the boom in the industry, the land sweep robot industry has been on the market for Coworth and Stone Technology.
By 2019, U.S. households will have about 15 to 17% penetration, and irobot will have more penetration than 90% of all home-based robots.
By 22% of the next stage of development, and believing that long-term sweep robots will become a household necessity, we have a low penetration rate for ground sweeps and a large space for long-term growth. According to estimates, we have less than 5% penetration for ground sweeps, well below 15-17% in the United States, and have much room for growth.
Near the United States market, based on 16% penetration and the size of the population in 2018, it is expected to reach 74.42 million units, corresponding to about $100 billion in market space at an average price of $1400. Moreover, we measure the size of the short-term market for the sweeper robots based on the following assumptions; (1) 2020-2021, our people
The rate of urbanization has been rising. In 2019, our urban population was 8.483 million, an increase of 17.6 million from the end of the previous year, and the proportion of urban residents in the total population was 60.6%, an increase of 1.02 pct from the end of the previous year.
Morgan Stanley published China Urbanization 2.0: Super-City Circles, which predicts that China will add 220 million new citizens by 2030, and that the rate of urbanization will rise to 75%. Urbanization has contributed to the growth of demand in the sector.
Residential conditions have improved, floors, tiles, etc., the pace of life has increased rapidly, consumption has increased, and urbanisation has certainly increased the demand for soil-cleaning robots. According to IQR data, domestic service robots have only 5% penetration in coastal cities and 0.4% in hinterland cities.
The increase in residential space has increased the demand for land-cleaning robots. There has been a significant increase in the per capita residential area of our urban residents, which, according to the National Bureau of Statistics, was 39 square metres of housing in China in 2018, an increase of 32.3 square metres over 1978.
The increase in the per capita area of residence increases the workload and demand for floor cleaning. As the rhythm of modern life increases, the demand for auto-cleaning becomes stronger, and clearing robots solve the pains of people ' s high frequency of cleaning, freeing people from busy household chores, the industry is expected to grow while the per capita area of residence continues to rise.
The increase in consumption has contributed to the growth of demand in the sector. According to the National Statistical Office, in 2019, the disposable income of urban residents rose to $4,2359, an increase of 7.9 per cent over the previous decade, with an average annual compound growth rate of 9.45 per cent. In 2019, final consumption expenditure contributed to the growth of gdp at 57.8 per cent, a long-term trend of rising consumption in the country.
The industry is expected to grow in the long-term trend towards rising consumption. The main consumer group of sweeping robots is young consumers in the region with economies in transition, while the rising consumption awareness and the quest for quality of life among young consumers also contribute to the demand in the industry.3 Technological progress is driving product performance and meeting consumer demand.
Technological advances promote product performance, and consumer recognition. The technical and intellectual sophistication of ground sweep robots is an important factor in the impact of consumer experience, the poor cleanness of early random sweep robots, which affects users’ use, and the low level of acceptance of ground sweeper products by consumers.
Cleanliness and user experience have increased dramatically, and consumer recognition of products has contributed to the growth of the industry. In the long run, as technology progresses, the intelligence of sweeper robots will increase and better meet and adapt to consumer needs.
It has the potential to become a future smart home, the portal, and it is expected to serve as a platform for information interaction, connecting all intelligent homes.
Platform development project, which aims to position the platform as a hub of connections and control for smart households, with smart platforms as the core of the company's smart sweep-and-ground robots and other company's object networking devices, to achieve a unified terminal control, management and ota upgrade of the access platform's smart-scan robots and objects network Equipment, to enhance the integration of intelligent devices in the home, and to achieve a smart hardware connection
(iii) The technological barriers in the field of wiping robots are high, and the advantage of the head business is clear. 1. Cleaning systems are the capital of wiping robots called "swipes."
Scrubbing robotic cleaning systems are mainly single-inhaling, medium-painting clippings, and lift-and-dropv cleaning. The greatest advantage of single-inhaling is cleaning hair, which is useful for the surface ash, but not ideal for the dusty dust under the table and the dusting of the electrostatic adsorption.
The home environment of the entire carpet in Europe is less well-cleaned on the marble floors and wood floors of Asian markets; lifts and drops v brushes, represented by the Taiwan-type machine, which uses lifts and drops v brushes to float clean, and the entire v brush system can automatically lift and fall and create a vacuum in the triangle area with a negative pressure that can better bind the brush system to the ground environment and better provide ground-based dust-sortling cleaners.
Figure 33: Classification of clean-up systems for sweep-and-ground robots, self-navigation is the bottom gas of smart sweep robots with "smart" navigation, which includes three key technologies: indoor positioning, path planning, sensors, and high technical barriers.
The goal is that robots will be able to move spontaneously and do their jobs during the process, in accordance with mission objectives, without intervention. Autonavigation technology is the key to determining the cleanness and inefficiency of a sweeper robot, the smart sweeper robot's crown with the word "intellectual" and the indoor positioning techniques are mostly relative and absolute.
Super autonomous positioning techniques determine where and where they are currently located in the environment, and robotic positioning techniques are mostly relative and absolute. The relative positioning method is also known as a biting algorithm, and robots move while using sensors such as accelerometers, gyroscopes, etc. to get the robot to walk.
In bits, but this method's positioning error accumulates as robots walk. Absolute positioning means direct access to coordinates of sweeper robots through a certain algorithm, based on absolute location: sensor positioning, map matching positioning, etc. Path planning algorithms include random overlays and planning models, random overlays applied to low-end sweep robots, planning formulas, etc.
Mainly applied to medium- and high-end sweep robots. (1) Random class refers to robots that attempt to cover the area of operations based on simple mobile logic, such as triangles, quintessential tracks, and, in the event of obstacles, perform a corresponding turnover function, using a low-cost strategy of time-for-space swaps, with 100 per cent coverage without time. (2) The main techniques used for planning sweep robots include the construction of maps, and the construction of maps.
Search for optimal paths, barriers, path tracking: 1 builds an environmental map: the first step in the path planning is to construct an environmental map, which includes the shape, width, size, distribution of the barrier, dynamic changes, etc.
Planning and full-cover path planning. 3 Avoidances: Robots need to avoid barriers, such as chairs, pedestrians, etc., while working. 4 Path tracking: when robots deviate from their original path (e.g. after the barrier), they need to return to their original path according to a certain algorithm, i.e., the sensors of sweeper robots can be divided into internal sensors and external sensors. The internal sensors are used to detect their own state.
Sensors with multiple detection positions and angles: external sensors are used to sense the external environment, and external sensors can be divided into contact and non-contact sensors, where exposure is mainly a vibration sensitive element, such as light touch switches, non-contact is mainly a function of some of the transmissions of measuring distance, industry technical barriers are high, and head enterprises are expected to be “strong and persistent”
The core of a sweeper robot is autonomous navigation, with high technical barriers. The working environment of a sweeper robot is made up of known static barriers and dynamic barriers (e.g., humans, pets) that directly determine the usefulness of a sweeper robot's products. The autonomous navigation involves positioning, path planning algorithms, and sensor technology.
In the long run, as intelligence increases, the application landscape of sweeper robots will become more diverse, more complex working environments, more frequent human interactions, and gradually move from a single mission to a multitask functional phase, and the requirements for environmental and physical identification, perception, response capacity will increase, and the capacity of enterprises to develop and innovate will be enhanced.
In order to maintain a stable market share in the industry, cleaner robotic products are becoming more dynamic. More intelligent global planning products are gradually becoming the mainstream, as mainstream products become the norm.
With the help of big data, the industry is expected to have a strong and persistent situation. The headlines in the field sell hundreds of thousands of clean-up robots every year, products that generate a vast array of big data, data-based excavations and insights in the course of household use.
It helps enterprises to better understand user needs and thereby feed back on corporate research and development and enhance user use experience, thus further increasing the gap between small and medium brands. With the help of big data, the industry is expected to show a strong and consistent picture.
In September 2016, the company launched its first product, the Mi-man smart sweeper, which won a wide range of attention and good slogans in the market. In 2017 and 2018, the company launched its own branding product, which is very well positioned and rapidly ranks among the leading brands of market ownership.
In the first half of 2019, the Mi family and stone-scattering robots occupied 12% and 13% of the domestic market, respectively, which together accounted for 23% and ranked second in the domestic market. We believe that the company's rapid growth is due to three main reasons: the company's founding team has an excellent technical background. The start-up software team is composed mainly of former Microsoft employees and has a wealth of software.
And algorithmic development experience; hardware and project management teams come from Wah, Nokia, and Fujian, and rich hardware development experience hinders the consistency and quality reliability of company products. We believe that the excellent technical background of corporate executives can help companies better manage technological developments and gain competitive advantages in R & D and technology.
In 2019, in terms of the composition of the workforce, the annual cost of research and development in stone technology was 39 million yuan, 106 million yuan, 117 million yuan and 193 million yuan, representing a share of operating income of 21.49 per cent, 9.50 per cent, 3.82 per cent, and 4.59 per cent, respectively. The company’s core technology included laser radar, slam algorithms, and people-based technology.
The company’s products were awarded a number of honours, such as the Beijing City New Technology Products (Services), the International Fif Design Award, the Taiwan Gold Point Award, and the China Excellent Industrial Design Award. The company’s products were recognized by consumers.
However, according to the data from Mid-Iekon, during the 618 Merchant Carnival in 2019, stones and rice products were popular among consumers and became best-selling products.
The market for vacuum cleaners grew by 5.8 per cent in the same year, and product development was in line with industry trends.
The vacuum vacuum vacuum cleaner was born in 1901, and the cleaning system of the current ground sweeper basically follows the structure of the vacuum vacuum vacuum cleaner; in 2001, Ilex released the world's first mass-producing, Trilobite, which uses ultrasound techniques that mirror bats.
(b) In September 2002, irobot launched a random collision-scanning robot, roomba, which operates in a collision-plus-repeated spiral, cleans up, cleans up considerably and is popular with the market; and in 2010, neato released the first laser slam in a planned sweep.
Robot neatoxv-11, which uses slam technology (synchronous positioning and map-building technology), has developed randomly planned. Since then, mainstream manufacturers have introduced their own planning products, which have significantly improved product performance and user experience.
The quest for living quality has led to a higher demand for technical skills and user experience in intelligent products that improve the quality of life. More intelligent global planning products are gradually gaining consumer approval. According to Mid-Iicon, in 2019, the share of global planning products represented by lds and vslam increased to 65.1% on line in the domestic market, compared to the previous year.
The company has fully grasped the trend of scavenging robots from random to planned. The company has accurately judged industry trends and has chosen the best and more cost-effective Ids laser radar +slam algorithms and has developed their own accuracy.
The market share of corporate products on the lds' global planned route is the first in the country, with 2019h1 “Mmy smart sweep robots” and “rock smart sweeps robots” accounting for 27% and 26% of retail sales on the national lds’ planned product lines, respectively.
The rice ecological chain, which empowers the company, helped the company to develop at a rapid rate, captured the smart hardware and iot (material networking) in late 2013, while the rice itself focused on mobile phones, tablets, etc., and had no time to separate itself, thus creating the Kimi Investment Corporation, which aims to create a small rice ecology with rice at its core.
As of June 2018, the Mi Group had invested in more than 210 eco-chain enterprises, more than 90 of them focusing on the development and production of smart hardware products.
The Mi Group works with eco-chain enterprises in the design and development of eco-chain smart hardware products and the production of products organized by the eco-chain enterprise, which, as agreed in the cooperation agreement, sells the above-mentioned eco-chain products to the Mi Group, which sells out through its own channels and through third-party distribution channels, and the Mi Group and the Eco-chain Company receive the agreed proportion of sales.
In the course of this cooperation, Mi has provided finance, brands, supply chains, and channels to companies: Financial support and endorsement: In the early days of the company's existence, Mi provided financial support to the company as an investor. Mi has also given endorsement to the company, making it easier for the company to obtain finance in the capital market, except for small rice, where stone technology is developing.
Brand support: the company lacked social influence and credit build-up in its early years, and the branding effect of Mi endorsed the company's products. In addition, rice has more than 300 million users and has a large fan base with “tech fever friends” attributes.
Supply chain resources: Mi has a huge supply chain resource, has a strong voice in the supply chain, and can help businesses lower costs and improve the quality of their products.
Sources of support: Mi-e-chain companies can use small rice marketing channels, including on-line rice merchant towns and under-line rice households, to help raise sales on the one hand, and to reduce marketing costs on the other. In the early days of stone technology, companies had a strong R & D, but not a marketing capacity.
To bring in new technology and research teams for millet, rice brings support for company brands, supply chains, and channels, and strong alliances with the public (ii) to strengthen channel construction and marketing, and to expand overseas markets The sale of company-owned brand products is dominated by self-build channels.
At present, the company’s own branded products are sold mainly in b2c, on-line, on-board and off-line. The channels on-line b2c include, inter alia, Skycat, good products, United States Amazon, and the Public Prosecutor’s Network; the channels through which the power vendor’s platforms are stored include Kyoutung, Suning and Suning and Amazon; and the channels under-line distribution include purple light,
The company has a relatively short period of development, with a prior focus on R&D and product grinding, while its sales costs are significantly lower than those of industry, given the relatively high harvest of millet products in previous years.
By increasing its own brand development strategy, companies will increase their input into marketing and marketing channels. Increased investment in marketing and channels will help companies raise their own brand profile and further improve their competitiveness within the industry.
And South-East Asian markets. So far, companies have established several subsidiaries to open overseas markets. Consumers in overseas markets are more receptive to land sweepers, have higher penetration rates than domestic products, have more market space, and an active expansion of overseas markets helps companies to open up (iii) focus on R & D, and fund-raising projects show the way.
Corporate fund-raising and investment projects include a new generation of clean-field robot projects, a commercial robot development project, and a platform development project. A new generation of clean-field robots is an up-to-date version of the company’s existing products, helping to further strengthen existing advantages and expand the company’s market share: the commercial clean robot project is an extension of the new application landscape and helps the company open up to new applications.
Growth space: The Stonewire Data Platform project can provide smart services to users, extract product-run data feedback companies to develop and set up an open platform layout iot, which helps to strengthen the company’s medium- and long-term competitiveness.
1. A new generation of sweep robots: product updates, which further strengthen existing advantages, will move towards cognitive intelligence. Cognitive intelligence means that machines have the ability to think and understand proactively and interact with their users.
The cognitive intelligence of a sweeper robot is reflected in providing users with more demand-driven cleaning services, cleaning of the ground, by collecting information about the area, such as the structure of the house, the placement of the items, user habits, etc., combined with big data analysis, depth learning and artificial intelligence techniques, and based on user preferences, developing a variety of clean-up models that provide individualized services to users.
The use of smart-and-scan robotic diversity applications will become the direction of the industry. As technology rises, consumers will become more and more complex in their need for smart-and-scan robotics, and the use of smart-scan robot diversity applications will become the driving force of the industry.
In the future, smart-and-scan robot products will be further integrated with the application of techniques such as artificial intelligence to meet consumer demand in different applications.
The new product is positioned in a more intelligent global planning-and-scan robot, which is in line with industry's development. The New Generation Land sweeper Project intends to develop six new generations of smart-scan robotic products, and to further upgrade the technical and intellectual capabilities of smart-scan robotic products, and to update and replace smart-scan robotic products.
Artificial intelligence (mechanical learning, in-depth learning), new sensors, slam algorithms, etc., are developed for object recognition, speech recognition, scene recognition, noise reduction, electrical water tanks, automatic recycling of waste. The new generation of space-scan robots will break through key technologies such as artificial intelligence, scene recognition, slam, etc., and the products developed will be more intelligent and in line with industry developments.
The new generation of space-scan robots will boost corporate product rotations and further strengthen existing advantages. The new generation of space-scan robots will further enhance the performance and intelligence of company-scavening robots, and will lead to the replacement of smart-scavening robotic products.
The promotion of corporate brand visibility, the expansion of corporate market share and the upgrading of corporate market position.2 Commercial cleaning robots: expanding new landscape applications and opening up new opportunities for growth Commercial cleaning market space is large and difficult to use. Commercial cleaning refers to writing in addition to industrial and civil cleaning.
In 2016, the country’s commercial cleaning market (including manpower costs, cleaning materials and cleaning facilities) was estimated at $30.91 billion, and the commercial cleaning market is expected to reach $48.820 billion in 2021.
This is mainly a human cost, 68%, and a total of 32% for cleaning products, equipment, materials, etc. The largest proportion of workers is currently in the 50-60 age group in the first line of the clean-up industry, while the younger generation is rarely willing to work in the industry, and the industry is faced with labour supply.
Traditional cleaning equipment includes, inter alia, hand-drive land washing machines, driving land washing machines, hand-drive sweepers, etc., usually requires a clean-up person to be involved throughout the process. Smart cleaning is centred on traditional clean-up techniques, complemented by artificial intelligence, which achieves multiple machines, fewer manual work, and more efficient cleaning, and commercial smart cleaning is a clean-up of traditions.
Figure 47: Business cleaning is the upgrading and replacement of traditional clean-up methods. Commercial cleaning robots are the extension, but more demanding, of the company ' s existing technology. The core technology of commercial cleaning robots is navigation.
It's an extension of the technology available to the company, but it's more demanding. The business robots' work scenes are indoor and half outdoor (>15m), and their work scenes are larger than the interior, with higher requirements for sensor performance and stability, positioning, map-building, path planning. There are more pedestrians and vehicles in the business scene, and there are a number of barriers and security to commercial robots.
The commercial clean robot industry: there are many players, but there are no real leaders. The large market for commercial clean robots attracts a large number of businesses. According to incomplete statistics, more than 20 companies have deployed commercial clean robots, but the industry is still in the early stages of development, and there are no real champions.
This project helps companies to open up new growth space. The Commercial Clean Robot project is dedicated to developing smart, clean robots for commercial markets. Commercial Clean Services robots are applications for navigation technology in larger applications. This technology is an extension of the technology available for ground-cleaning robots, while the project involves multi-machine coordination of dispatch technology and the use of multiple robots to clean large areas.
It is believed that this project will open up new markets and help companies open up new spaces for growth.3. Stone and intellectual data platforms: research and development with data feedback, strategic layout of the iot stone and intellectual data platform development project aimed at creating a network between users and smart sweep robots, and other objects
Intelligent operating links, the Stonewire Data Platform contains functions and modules such as data access layers, data distribution intermediates, data processing platforms, data displays, including data capture, data compliance, data flow storage, offline data analysis, real-time data analysis, a/b test analysis, data warehouse, deep data mining and artificial intelligence.
Figure 50: Overall design structure of the Stonewire data platform Data generation sdk hidden system
· Data pointing system . Data formatting library. Non-formatted data (log), formatting data (protocolbuffers) Offline processing cluster
Log Transit Service (fds, ginx) message queue
(kafka) (talos)
Log pick-up services (flume, logstash) • pig & impla
Remove (extract) conversion (transform) load (load)
Real-time processing cluster nosql bigdata
Seededex park (redis/mongodb)
(elasticsearch) (mysql) (hdfs/fds)
Spacestreaming flink Data Repository Multidimensional Analysis
Elasticsearch data deep digging provides users with intelligent services and enhances their experiences.
Server-end smart analysis, early warning, smart upgrades, etc., can enhance user experience, enhance user stickyness, and also help companies to upgrade and maintain more efficient products and provide better after-sales services. Large data feedback development will further enhance company competitiveness.
Information, discovering technological weaknesses in corporate products and user manipulation of pains that need to be addressed through big data technologies such as data mining, and using this to feed back into corporate research and development, improves the efficiency of corporate research and development and enhances user experience. Companies, as industry leaders, sell millions of ground-scavening robots every year that generate large amounts of data in the course of user-end operations.
A collection and analysis allows companies to produce products that are more in line with user-friendly habits, which in turn facilitates the sale of products, thus giving positive feedback. The Stone and Smart Data Platform is an important strategic step for companies to build technical barriers and strengthen their competitive advantages.
And sensors can connect, connect, form a unified network of things, and provide users with intelligent equipment management and experience. Scrubbing robots have the potential to become intelligent home entry because of their mobile properties, multi-sensor properties.
The company’s home-based portal is a link to users and other home-based smart terminals. The company’s rice-scaved robots and rice-held wireless vacuum cleaners are the product of millet, which accounted for 34.82% and 5.76% of the company’s revenues in 2019, respectively, and a total of 40.58% if the company’s partnership with millet breaks down.
This has a significant impact on the company ' s operating income. (2) The growth of brand-owned products has been less than expected.
In recent years, the company’s own brand product has grown rapidly, with the combined collection ratio of brand stones and tidal machines rising to 58.48% in 2019, and the company’s overall Māori ratio has increased significantly in the context of an increased share of autonomous brands. If the company’s own brand product has not developed as expected, it may have a negative impact on the company’s profitability.
(3) Industry growth has fallen short of expectations, technological advances have fallen short of expectations, market acceptance of products has been low and macroeconomic downsides have led to a decline in the consumer capacity of the population as a result of which industry growth is likely to fall short of expectations.
(4) As the industry develops and the number of competitors in the market increases, this may lead to a decline in the price of the product.