For the first time, StoneTechnology (688169) covered technological innovation plus efficiency, building growth companies - StoneTechnology (688169) for the first time covered the report.
Stone technology, based on technological innovation and efficient operations, has been emerging for several years, starting with a software research and development team in 2014, with scarce, autonomous navigation technologies in the country, mainly used in soil sweep robotics, which, over the years, have emerged from a highly competitive market for ground sweep robots.
The company’s share of the domestic market for land-scattering robotic products is 23 per cent, leading the industry, with a net profit of $783 million in 2019. The company operates efficiently on the light asset model, with a total equity share (million shares):
The rate of turnover is high, and the roe level is much higher than that of a colleague.
Autonavigation is at the core of ground sweep robots, and mainstream technologies include ldslam (laser navigation) and vslam (visual navigation), which are among the few companies in the country that own the ldslam technology. As the spread of ground sweep robots increases, users become more price-sensitive, and companies are at the same time.
In the early years of the company’s existence, by standing on the shoulders of a giant named Mi, the product was quickly promoted, and the stone was stoned.
In 2019, companies sold their own brands in robotic products as a proportion of their income. Markets are more concerned about company independence, and we believe that Mi is committed to building ecological platforms, not in a competitive dimension with companies, and that cooperation is the long-term tone.
There is much more room for the industry than would have been imagined for the label washing machine instead of vacuum cleaners. The vacuuming process still requires a lot of manual involvement, while the consumer needs to “send to others” domestic work, and the ground sweep robots and washing machines are more similar, replacing heavy high-frequency manpower.
There are about 90% penetration of washing machines in the country, about 5% penetration of land-cleaning robots, 456 million households, reference washing machine penetration, and $582 billion potential market space.
Industry is highly concentrated, and Cowes and stone technology have almost monopolized the market. In terms of value for money, there are currently fewer firms and companies in the country that compete with each other, and the market share of stone technology is expected to increase further.
In 2020, affected by the epidemic, the sweep of the robotics industry is under pressure, assuming an improvement in the epidemic in 2021, a recovery in industry, a sustained rise in corporate-market ownership, and a further increase in the share of income from brand-owned products.
There has been a sharp decline in sales in the field of land-scattering robotics, a stagnation or decline in the market share of stone technology, a slowdown in the share of income from branded products, etc.
1.1 The technological innovation of the company, which is based on laser navigation technology, and the rapid rise of stone technology, which is at the heart of technological innovation, has become the backbone of a national laser navigational smart-wielding robot.
The company was created in the direction of the development of its main product, smart-scan robots based on laser ranging modules (lds). As a result of rapid advances in computer technology at the end of the 1990s, sweep robots have their own foundation in computer technology as a result of a combination of vacuum cleaners and computer technology.
The company’s initial role as the original designer of rice, supported by rice investment and channels, led in 2016 to a product that has grown rapidly to date, with a market share ranking ahead, and is now listed separately. The company’s equity structure is concentrated, with real control over Mr. Chang-hyun, and the shareholding ratio of small rice is 18.53%.
The actual controllers did not change before and after the first public release of the division, with the top five shareholders holding 55% of the shares and the equity structure being concentrated. The second shareholder was Mr. Hudalais, the non-executive director of the Mi Group, and the third major shareholder, Mr. Tianjin Kimmi, was Mr. Lui, with the shareholding ratio reaching 18.53%.
Robot projects, commercial clean robot products development projects, stone-lined data platform development projects, and supplementary operating funds projects. This equity financing is expected to upgrade and strengthen the company’s main business while finding new profit points.
1.2 Laser Navigator-Scanning robotics are the most successful and mature scene in the use of company technology. The company’s main products include millet-based products called “Mi-Swipe-Screen-Screen-Screen”, “Mi-Screen Handheld Wireless Dust” and its own brand, “Scree-Scrubbing”
Robots and microwatts have been the main source of revenue in recent years, with 94% in 2019 and 49% in 2019, 48% in 3% in stone, rice, tiles, and 3% in robotics. Rice and stone brands play high-end product lines for company owners, based on the company's best laser navigation technology.
To enrich the product lines and target low- and medium-end markets, companies have introduced small tidal-scaved robots, using relatively low-end random collisions and inertial navigation techniques, at relatively low prices.
The value of high-end company technology products is clear. The unit price of rice-scavenging robots is around $1,500, while the market price of laser-guided ground-scattering robot products is usually over $2,000, and the price of extremely high sex prices has contributed directly to the explosion in the domestic market for ground-scattering robots, and the company’s market position has risen rapidly.
1.3 Growth is excellent, 2020q1 performance is disrupted, company performance is excellent, sales of robotic products are on fire, 2020q1 is affected by the epidemic, and revenue and net gains are volatile. Corporate performance in recent years has maintained a fast-growing pace, based on the company ' s performance report, Camp 2019.
The same-year increase of 38 to 4,205 million yuan and the net return to the mother of 783 million yuan, a 155 per cent increase in the same-year increase, mainly due to market recognition of smart-and-scaved robot products and continued high sales; and higher sales of home-owned brand products with a high Māori sales rate.
Cost. The 2020q1 company earned $611 million, a 29 per cent decline in the same year, and the mother ' s net profit of $126 million, an 8 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly due to the decline in orders for millet custom products and the impact of the new crown pneumonia epidemic on the industry. Figure 4: The impact of the epidemic on the company ' s maintenance of a high growth rate of 2020q1
Figure 5: Corporate net profits sustained by high growth of 2020q1 are affected by the epidemic, overall profitability is rising year by year, with a higher self-owned Māori ratio. In recent years, the Māori ratio of companies has increased year by year, largely because of the higher sales of high Māori ownership brands.
Cards do not require profit-sharing, and the Māori rate is high, at 2019h1. While small tiles are branded by the public, they use relatively primitive random collisions and inertial navigation, low technology content, competition, and a Māori rate of 28%. The company, acting as an odm business for millet, has to split the profits from the product with the rice.
The Māori rate for robotics is only 14%. As corporate brands increase their influence, their own brands expand their sales, and there is still room for further increases in interest rates.
2.1 Laser and visual navigation technologies are the core of the competition.
In a given environment, sensors move from their initial position to their target position based on guidelines such as the shortest path, the best time or the least energy consumption. Autonomous navigation includes three key technologies: Positioning, Charting, and Path Planning. Positioning techniques are used to determine the current position of robots within the specified room.
In the past 10 years, two technological paths of visual and laser navigation have been developed, becoming two mainstream technological paths. The oldest three-leaf-snug robots have no navigation capability.
Cleaning by random walk, the gyroscope navigation technology is a randomly modified version, but there's almost no path. Year irobot rolls the roomba 900 series, marking the company's scavenging robot products from random collisions to visual rules.
Commercial ground sweep robots with laser guidance systems. Visual navigation and laser navigation use different technological paths, but both have achieved the goal of scavenging robot intelligence path planning. From 10 years ago, the scavenging robots have entered the age of intelligence, but the vast majority of the country ' s soil sweep robotic products are currently unnaviable and dependent on low-cost services.
Laser navigation is the current absolute mainstream, with great potential for visual navigation in the future, and gyroscope navigation and random collisions show a little bit of "exaggeration." In laser navigation, radars first use lasers to scan the environment around them, reflect through lasers, to position and construct maps, and their measurements are accurate, the most dominant technology.
Taking pictures of the surrounding environment and objects, complemented by image recognition technology, positioning and navigational functions, with a wide range of applications as the i-image recognition technology develops. Image recognition is highly demanding for the development of the manufacturer's capabilities and for the operation of ground sweep robots, and the actual effects of using this technology are currently mixed. Inertial navigation is the use of internal robotics.
Inert sensors such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and so forth, perform path planning, in conjunction with infrared, ultrasound and distance sensors, to achieve rough navigational effects, with low research and development difficulties and low cost, and most of the products in the market using this technology are less expensive, at around $1,000-1500.
2.2 With laser navigation technology and high operational efficiency, companies quickly take over the market, and only a few manufacturers, such as stone technology, are currently in possession of autonomous navigation technology for ground-scattering robotics.
Land-cleaning robots start late, and most of the country’s soil-cleaning robotic products are unnavigable and technically still at the level of the “3-leaf bug” generation. A few manufacturers, such as Coworth, stone technology, geobes in Suzhou, Shenzhen, technology in Shenzhen, etc., are close to the roomba.
Companies have high-end laser-navigation technology, but prices are close to those of random and gyroscope-navigators on the market. More than Mi Won, high-end brands using visual navigation schemes like Sam, irobot, and Dyson usually cost 5,000.
In terms of cleaning effects, rice not only crushes the same-priced product, but even outpaces high-priced products abroad, and is the king of the household’s preferred value for money. Companies build the Internet marketing idea that value for money products come from Mi.
In terms of channels, the first product, if built for a rice family, sells through official channels such as a rice house. Rice mainly takes the Internet sales model, using Mi's smartphones as an example, both hardware and systems are of medium quality, but the price of the product is only in the same category.
It's like half, or even a third, of the mobile phone. The reason is, on the one hand, that sales channels are Internet-dominated, fewer sub-line sub-level agents and direct feedback to customers at lower prices, and, on the other hand, that rice's hardware products are used to absorb traffic in comparison with other Internet platforms that compete for customers at higher cost, and that Mi sells intelligence by selling it.
Hardware products can absorb users of Internet services directly, while generating profits. By creating a large number of users, monopolizing, exploiting demand further, and making flow realizations, the Internet company’s universal profit model.
In the same way as in the marketing strategy of rice smartphones. In spite of the depressed profits, the rapid increase in the penetration rate of the company’s products at the expense of the profits has resulted in a build-up of the products and services that follow.
A.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.a.
It's a multi-dimensional service, and it's a multi-dimensional service, and it's a multi-dimensional service, and it's a multi-dimensional service, and it's a multi-dimensional service, and it's a multi-dimensional service.
2.3 Autonomous brands have successfully emerged from the rice ecological chain, with more than 60% of the proceeds from own brand sales and diversified distribution channels. In 2016, when companies launched their first rice smart sweep robots, their products were sold in the rice mode.
After that, the distribution channels became more diversified, with new electric power platforms entering the warehouse, online b2c platforms (third parties and official networks) and other online distribution channels, and underline distribution and direct distribution channels. Companies began to develop offline distribution channels since 2017, with sales revenue from offline distributors increasing from 2% in 2017 to 38% in 209h1.
The brand stone product has been upgraded to a higher price than the rice household, and the Māori rate is higher. The tiles are relatively low-priced robots equipped with relatively low random collisions and inertial navigational sweeps, but companies have a stronger autonomous pricing power, with a Māori ratio between rocks and rice.
Figure 14: The annual rise in brand ownership of land sweep robots, the concentration of company customers, and the share of revenue associated with the Mi Group have been declining. In 2016, the Department of Public Affairs had only a series of rice sweep robots tailored to Mi brands, so the customers were small rice, accompanied by the company’s own product.
With the establishment of cards, the share of company-to-mi-group related transactions has declined year by year, the share of related transactions in business platforms between 2016 and 2018, and the presence of front-line distributors for overseas markets, the concentration of customers has gradually declined, with the share of revenue from Mi-groups falling to 43.01 per cent.
3. Smart sweeper robots are approaching 3.1 price increases are stimulating consumer demand, sweeper robots are in the middle of the industrial chain, with technology at their core, and spare parts and distribution channels are available.
Other links in the industrial chain, and even the manufacture of products, can be outsourced to the oem manufacturer. The upstream company in the field robot industry is the supplier of parts and components or materials, the main components of which are rubber tyres, electric machines, batteries, dust-squeezing mainframe equipment, spin brushes, etc.
The technology is in the middle of the industry, where spare parts are purchased through surrogate factories, and the processing of mills is commissioned and delivered to mills or sold through other cooperative channels. For medium-stream sweeper robot manufacturers, they say that control over upstream spare parts and materials resources, their own strong R & D capabilities and efficient channels support competitions.
The demand for products ultimately remains dependent on the willingness of consumers to pay and, as penetration increases, the user’s sensitivity to prices will increase. Previously, domestic products were largely dominated by random collisions, and the ability to clean up was less likely to be recognized by users.
Foreign branding of high-end laser navigation and visual navigation products, although good, is price-effective, mainly because of the high cost of foreign products. In recent years, domestic companies have gradually introduced laser and visual navigation products, which have been cleaned up and are closer to foreign brands and more pro-people prices, and the company’s small rice products have compressed visual navigation products.
About $1,500. As the spread increases, the user's sensitivity to the price increases. The ground sweep robot products show a clear price elasticity, and the company's high-tech and low-priced products catalyse the rapid penetration of the floor sweeper. 3.2 pairs of label washing machines, not vacuum cleaners.
The rate of growth in the industry slowed down in 2019 as a result of the macroeconomic impact of alternative consumer products. According to Mid-Ekang, the sales of smart-scan robots in 2018 amounted to $8.7 billion, an increase of 55 per cent compared to the same year, while retail sales reached 5.77 million, an increase of 42 per cent compared to the same year.
In January-November, total sales through the channel amounted to 5.59 million, a slight increase of 2 per cent over the same period, with a total sales of $7.1 billion, a slight increase of 2 per cent over the previous year, a significant slowdown compared to last year’s increase. This is mainly due to the intensification of mid-American trade friction in 2019, the overall slowdown in the domestic consumer market, and the tightening of the real estate market and the roboticization of cleaning services.
For the consumer goods category, the potential for demand to be subject to changes in consumption capacity and appetite in the overall macroeconomic situation is illustrated in figure 17: China’s sales and acceleration of sweep robots. China’s penetration rate is low, and the market is potentially large.
At 11%, in Europe, 5-7%, and in China, 5%. At the same time, the low penetration rate also reflects the huge potential of the market and the scope for consumption escalation. At present, the number of households in the country is 456 million, based on the penetration rate in the United States, with a corresponding market space of 27.36 million units, at an average cost of 1,500 yuan per station, with $41 billion.
Potential space. In January-November 2019, 5.59 million robotics were sold, regardless of stock updates, and the corresponding annual demand was 6.84 million units, with a market size of $10.3 billion.
The difference between smart sweep robots and hand-held vacuum cleaners is that vacuum cleaners require human involvement for most of their work, while consumers need domestic work to be “given to others”, and from the perspective of the user's pain, we think that ground sweep robots are closer to washing machines.
Work has been largely replaced by washing machines, which currently have a penetration rate of more than 90%, and smart cleaning machines, which are well equipped to carry out their cleaning tasks on their own. We believe that cleaners and cleaners are closer in their properties and in their future penetration rates.
The corresponding market space is 388 million units, with a potential space of 582 billion yuan based on an average price of 1,500 yuan per station. The pattern of a 3.3-bottle monopoly will become increasingly clear, and the rapid development of razing robots in the country has attracted a large number of competitors.
Brands, which now have hundreds of brands on the market. Market participants are mainly in five categories, the first being irobot, the first being the dominant power of technology research and development, and the second being the foreign giants with a high share in the global market; the second being the country's in-odm/oem manufacturer's transformation of autonomous branding, such as Coworth, who is firmly at the forefront of the domestic market; and the third.
The fourth is the recent use of Internet thinking to rapidly raise the city’s share of Internet giants, such as millet and 360: the fifth is the large number of small and medium-sized sweeps, the high concentration of the robotics industry, and the near monopoly of the market by Coworth and stone technology.
The ratio of cr3 to the domestic market was 71%, with the number one Coworth in absolute leadership, with 48% of the city. The ratio of rice to rock followed by 12% and 11%, respectively, and the ratio of rice to rock, as a result of the excellent performance of the new show, quickly came to the top of the market.
Not 43.4% of Koworth, 13.3% of millet, 12.7% of stones, and the ratio of sales on the Irobot line with the international giant Hale, 5.0% and 4.8%, respectively. The market share of stone technology has risen rapidly, thanks to the advantages of its own laser navigation technology and the support of millet.
The share of the field was very stable, with the share of the online channel at Kovos increasing from 44% to 50%, 46% in 2015-2017 and 45% to 48% and 49% below the line. The main reason was that Kovos had a relatively balanced product and channel. In 2017, the share of the small rice market had suddenly risen to 10%, and the share of the irobot had declined.
It is clear that this is mainly due to the competitive advantage of national product plates in terms of value. 3.4 The volatility of industry performance in recent years has been only an outbreak.
Three companies listed, Coves, Stone Technology, and irobot, analyzed industry finances. Three representative robotic companies, Kovos, Stone Science and Technology, irobot revenues and profits, were in a high growth pattern from 2017 to 2018. The main reason was that the introduction of new products was well received by the market, and irobot was launched in 2015.
The roomba 900 series, in 2016, introduced a laser-based ground-scan robot based on rock technology, which significantly increased its performance as a “net-red” product because of its high value for money. In 2019, the growth rate was slowed by the effects of macro-environmental factors, such as the trade war.
From the income situation of irobot, except for a few years, most of the time is in a state of high growth. The replacement of hand-made domestic work by robots is the demand of all households, but their spread to every household is constrained by limited or overpriced performance. Every increase in performance and a fall in prices are stimulating.
There is a lot of potential demand released, and low penetration guarantees the potential of the industry to explode. Although some of the sudden onset factors during some time, including the 2008 financial crisis, the 2019 trade war, and the 2020 new coronary pneumonia epidemic, have delayed the growth of the industry, the accumulation of research and development, the decline in prices under the scale effect, and the rising income levels of the population, are industry-owned.
Continuing momentum. Figure 23: Rate of growth of representative firms in industry, Figure 24: Growth of net profits in representative companies in industry
Rocks and technology have a higher level of roe and operational efficiency than their counterparts, mainly because they operate in a more dynamic, light asset mode. Corporate asset turnover is much higher than that of two other firms, and net interest rates and financial leverage are close to that of their counterparts. Corporate management’s technical background has led companies to focus on their best and most core skills.
Development of technology, complete outsourcing of production processes, reduction of initial asset inputs, and collaboration through the division of labour in the industrial chain to achieve higher levels
Figure 27: Gross asset turnover of industry representative companies Figure 28: Industry representative corporate equity multiplier 3.5 Review of irobot stock prices, high growth characteristics
The irobot, the first listed company in the world in the area of cleaner robotics, is known to the public for its best-selling products - the roomba series.
In the last decade or so, household robotics have been growing at a high rate of revenue growth. Irobot was listed in Nazdak in November 2005 and has seen better stock prices in 2009-2011, 2013, 2016, 2018, irobot stock elasticity, accompanied by performance growth, and valuations have increased. The 2008 financial crisis triggered the United States market.
Demand was reduced, and Rodney and Helen's co-founders left, hitting the irobot not only hard, but also causing company stock prices to fall all the way. In 2009-2011, company performance increased in an explosive fashion, and the company experienced a sharp decline in defence security and military orders, resulting in an impact on the company's overall income and profits throughout the year.
The company’s performance resumed a high rate of growth in 2013, driven by the use of robotics at home, non-consumer operations, the sale of defence and security operations by 2016q2, the withdrawal of remote office operations, and the entrenchment of its position as leader of a diverse consumer robotics, during which the company’s valuation rose significantly.
4. Profit forecasting and valuation 4.1 Short-term industry pressure, with company performance still growing at a high rate 2019, affected by the trade war, reduced growth in the field of robotics, affected by the epidemic in 2020, industry
The pace of growth continues to be high, assuming that the epidemic will improve in 2021, the industry will recover, companies will continue to grow, and the main business of stone technology is research and development and marketing of robotics, a comparable company is Corves, a comparable company is irobot overseas, a relative valuation is 40 times as high in 2020 and rock technology is a relative valuation.
Twenty-five times, in terms of market share, Corves is first in the market and has a stable share, enjoying some of the flagship premium, the second in the stone technology market, and a marked increase in the share. Irobot is a listed company with an earlier listing, while the market environment for the United States shares differs from that of a share.
In 2020, the epidemic disrupted the company ' s performance under normal circumstances, according to the company ' s performance of $1,123 million in 2021, given the company ' s growth potential, 28 times the market value of 2021, a significant decline in sales in the field of robotics, stagnation or decline in the market share of stone technology, and hand-held vacuum cleaners.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, with the author’s qualifications or considerable professional competence, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.