Business Trade Small Commodity City (600415.sh) Holdings First Cover
Small commodity cities have the world’s largest commodity concentration, the International Trade Center. From 1982 to the present, there are currently 75,000 real businesses and 2.1 million small businesses in the industrial chain.
: Hexiaomin@wkzq.com.cn is committed to transforming itself into a “first-class international trade service provider”, a strategic enrichment of the company’s new business ecosystem, and a fully fledged Chinagoods full-chain trade closed-link service platform that is at the heart of the new business.
Moving from a real-estate model to an integrated supply chain service model. The chinagoods platform of 2023q1-q3 amounted to $52,438 million/yoy+123.34 per cent, up to 2023 years in advance.
The traditional operations of Small Commodity City are divided into market operations, sale of goods, hotel services, and advertising of exhibitions. 1) Market operations are solid and cash flows are stable. The new East World Energy Market, the Integrated Management System and overseas markets are booming.
Source, domestic and international dual cycle of services, 65 per cent of revenue from sales of goods in 2022, achieving cross-cutting development. New business: online platform enabling integrated cross-border trading systems, digital realization space unlimited 1) platform: platform currently primarily through membership base services, membership value-added services, digital advertising
(ii) Payments: the company focused on "yiwupay" to improve the ease of cross-border payments, extending up to 20 pieces of the "yiwupay" global currency up to 2023q3, with a maximum single-day transfer of RMB 37.55 million and a cumulative transaction of RMB 300 million; 3) Logistics: August 22, Company and China Shipping Logistics, Plo
The joint venture, which established Ji Jie Won Harbour, with 27 per cent of its shareholding, has now opened 24 routes to 79 countries to provide logistics performance services to MSMEs.
Benefiting from the growth of the “one-way” initiative, the digital economy, and cross-border trade, traditional market operations have expanded and new operations have increased in scope, giving “holding” ratings. The risk of external uncertainty: international political conflicts have led to increased uncertainty in international trade, and global market trade developments have become more complex than in the past.