25q2 performed brightly and the reserve became a new growth rating of $3.78 billion, an increase of more than 150 per cent over the same period; credit and asset impairments were prepared for a total of $662 million, of which the components insisted on profit preferences and ploughed deep into the Māori market. 2025h1, sales of company components
14.8gw, which is generally at a level relative to the same period last year, is healthy in light-voltage operations through the high Maori market layout; the top three regions are China, America and Europe, of which North Deng Yongkang is ranked.
The market share in the United States market rose by 4%, 15%, compared to the same volume. The company's vertical integration of the industrial chain has been actively configured, and by the end of 2025 it is expected that the production capacity of the company will reach 31gw, 37gw, 32.4gw, and 51.2gw, respectively.
Jubino, the component is expected to reach 25-27gw and continue to consolidate the city through such advantages as technological leadership and globalization.
The second owner of the storage capacity has become a new growth pole. 2025h1, the company can sell 3.1gwh (including \triangleright forest festivities).
At the end of the reporting period, the company had successfully delivered 13gwh storage solutions to the global market. The company continued to expand its storage capacity, which is expected to be available by the end of 2025.
The five-year quarterly reviews: 25q1 tariff-affected performances continue to lead the industry, becoming the core engine for profit growth.
3. Attez (688472.sh) event review: Equity stimulus has enabled the second major to become a new growth pole, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Comment: The United States market has a significant advantage, and storage operations have grown in volume - a year-on-year review: deep-farming of the highly profitable United States market, methodical and analytical logic leading to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.