Non-ferrous metal industry (603993) South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) multi-factorially contributing to high performance in the first half of the year
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2018, which generated operating income of 14.6 billion yuan in the first half of 2018, an increase of 20.6 per cent, and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies of 3.32 billion yuan, an increase of 273.9 per cent, a rise in the price of main-sector products, with a different output from that of production.
Market prices have risen significantly over the same period in the previous year. For domestic product prices, molybdenum, molten iron, 45.1%, 41.7%, black tungsten, 45.7%, respectively, 22.6%, copper, 21.2%, and gold for sale, respectively, in the first half of the year.
In addition to price factors, the company’s performance has increased and benefits have been derived. With the funds raised, financial costs have decreased and investment returns have increased over the same period of the previous year.
The cost of services was 440 million, a decrease of 57.6 per cent compared to the previous year, and the return on investment was 120 million, an increase of 159.3 per cent compared to the same year (2) 24 per cent of the Congolese copper-cobalt mine with the company ' s exclusive ownership was added to the consolidated statement upon its completion on 20 April 2017, an increase in the company ' s 24 per cent minority share income over the same period of the previous year.
● Copper prices are high, molybdenum and cobalt prices are stable, with steady performance in the second half of the year. (1) Copper: with the exception of the cobre panama copper mine (capable of 320,000 tonnes/year), which will be produced in 2018, there will be virtually no new big mining project by 2020.
A significant increase in the use of copper in automobiles is expected to be a new growth point in downstream demand. The copper price hub is expected to move further up. (2) Molybdenum: In the second half of the year, in the context of rising consumption and increased demand due to the restructuring of the steel industry, add winter environmental protection, security policy upgrades, and the mobble market is expected to sustain high-level shocks. (3) Cobalt: According to cru, the price of copper is expected to rise further.
Cobalt demand will grow at a compound annual rate of nearly 8 per cent in 2023, driven mainly by the demand for battery plates and stable cobalt alloys used in the space industry. Strong market demand, including the ongoing pursuit of diversification exploration for cobalt resources, is expected to continue to contribute to prices during 2018.
Molybdenum, tungsten, and copper. But after the company acquired Congolese tfm copper cobalt or phosphorus from Brazil in 2016, the company diversified its main business into copper, cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, americium, phosphorus six major metal varieties.
Businesses and the world’s leading copper producers, as well as the second largest producer of phosphorus in Brazil, are mainly engaged in molybdenum, tungsten metal selection, smelting, deep processing, scientific research, etc., and have upstream and downstream integration operations such as molten mining, mineral extraction, smelting, chemicals, etc.
The first and second largest shareholders of the tfm copper companies operating in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Hong Kong Industrial Holdings Group Limited, the Luoyang Mining Group Limited and the holdings of 24.69 per cent and 24.68 per cent, respectively.
Figure 1: Corporate equity structure Global commodity prices for bulk and metals increased significantly in 2015 and the industry became colder in winter. The product prices of the group ' s three pieces of tungsten and copper fell by 27.07 per cent, 31.25 per cent and 19.92 per cent, respectively, and even one price.
The company ' s performance improved in 2016, as a result of industrial warming, the recovery in the prices of company-owned products and some of the increases in revenue from the company ' s implementation of two major overseas mergers and acquisitions. In 2017, the global economy experienced continued warming, with a steady rise in copper-based commodity prices and a build-up of new energy vehicles.
Cobalt price hikes as a result of the eruption and China’s supply-side reforms have led to increased demand for molten removal costs due to the steady rise in China’s stainless steel production, with companies operating consistently well across business plates, with significant growth in their performance. In 2013-2015, the company’s business was the largest revenue-earning business.
The company ' s copper-cobalt business grew rapidly after the operation of the fruit (gold) tfm copper-cobalt mine and the United States of America resources in Brazil. In 2017, the company ' s copper-cobalt business overtaken the business to become the largest business plate for both the company ' s revenue and the Māori.3 Performance analysis for the first half of the year: multiple factors contributed to a significant increase in performance in the first half of the year
During the first half of 2018, companies achieved operating income of 14.6 billion yuan, an increase of 20.63 per cent over the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 3.32 billion yuan, an increase of 273.9 per cent over the same period; and stable production across the company ' s business portfolios, with market prices for major products rising significantly over the same period of the previous year.
The prices of molybdenum, molten iron and tungsten increased by 45.1 per cent, 41.7 per cent, black tungsten and apt prices increased by 42.9 per cent, respectively, and the output of the remaining products remained essentially the same as in the same period last year.
After the equity shares were released in private, when $18 billion in funds were raised, financial costs were reduced and investment returns increased over the same period of the previous year. 24% of the Congolese copper and cobalt-mining minority, which is the sole target, was added to the consolidated statements on 20 April 2017, an increase in the company’s 24% minority share gain compared to the same period of the previous year.
Tons of tons, or between 1.6 and 18,000 tons of cobalt, have not been, nor will they be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.