Quarterly 2021: Rent relief at the capital airport, promotion, November 02, 2021, Research Assistant Song Xiaojun
The research assistant Lee Quantities
On 10th of the day (the third contract year) the operating fee for the capital airport is payable up to $283 million and is paid in one lump sum within 45 calendar days.  Hainan income tax relief is granted at an increase of $740 million to the mother ' s net profit.
During the third year of the airport contract (11 February 2020 to 10 February 2021), there was a drop in the flow of passengers along the capital's foreign routes, which was about 96.8 per cent, and a supplementary agreement with the capital's airport, which was agreed on the basis of the base fee for the second year of the contract.
Given the decline in international passenger traffic, the operating fee for the third contract year is $283 million. The company will deduct the rent from tax on income tax, which reduces the sales fee, and from the 51% shareholding in China on a daily basis, and we expect the rent back to be approximately $2.98 billion.
According to the Bureau of Statistics of Hainan Province, tax-free sales from Hainan Island increased by 118 per cent in the previous three quarters, of which 2,021q3 amounted to $8.33 billion (circle 36.9 per cent). Under the shock line, companies increased their sales promotion efforts, members on the power line purchased and repurchased sales, and discounted power.
The net interest rate ratio for the Bay of Sea and the Sea is expected to drop by a significant margin. The Māori rate of 2021q3, excluding rent recovery and income tax deductions at the airport in the capital, is 1.250 billion yuan net of a comparable caliber for the company.
Half-yearly, it is reported that the Hainan area has increased by 1.47 billion yuan (Yoy+66.9 per cent) for duty-free shopping off the island, and the Sanya International Free City sales have increased by 48 per cent.
The sales ring has improved well, and Hainan is on its way to a season of traditional tourism. With regard to the new industry, the T2 tax-free shop at Haiguchi-Milan Airport is expected to be operational by the end of 2021, and the international tax-free city at Haiguchi will be operational by 2022h2, effectively easing supply pressures and attracting customers.
At the same time, the company’s active promotion of h-stock listing will enhance international competitiveness and help to extend the collaborative brand matrix. Annual & Quarterly 2021: Stocktaking: Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: The Epidemic Impacts on the O3 Flows, the company’s increased discounts are more than affordable, and short-term repairs are made.
Continuing to benefit from duty-free access to the island, to be placed on the market in Hong Kong, with greater stress; long-term consumer reflow trends, corporate competition barriers in location, brand bargaining, supply chain, logistics 2021-04-22
Departure drives up, flight rents are optimized, and Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.