Q3 net profit increased by 4% on October 30, 2021.
The tax-exempt operations on the island continue to make a major contribution, and the effect of Hainan’s corporate income tax relief is at the end of the line. The year’s year-on-year growth is due to the same increase in the tax-free sales operations on the island.
Market data: 29 October 2021, with a total impact of $740 million on net profit returns of listed companies.
(+0.08 pc) Little change over the period of the epidemic is due to increased staff remuneration costs; the financial utilization rate of 0.12 per cent (+0.18 pct) is due to the application of the new lease guidelines and amortization of interest on the lease liability.
Investment proposal: q3 is affected repeatedly by the epidemic, with income tax benefits and rent refunds, and the company produces a net profit of approximately $1,252 million over the period, with slightly more pressure on its performance. q4 and spring seasons are usually a quarter away from the island to sell duty-free seasons, with extreme weather events such as cooling this year in the interior cities affected by La Niña.
In the long run, the effects of the epidemic have been significant, and the off-island duty-free track continues to grow at a high rate. As a follow-up, the airport replenishment agreement continues to benefit the company’s costs. We expect the company to return to 2021-2023.
Consumer demand is not as high as expected risk; exchange rate fluctuations are; and policy pushers are not as high as expected risk.
In the process of construction, the airport has been able to provide rent relief (2021-8-27).
1. The performance of the company ' s three-quarterly report in 2021. The company published its three-quarterly report in 2021, during which it earned 49,498 million yuan (+40.87 per cent), resulting in a net profit of 8,491 million yuan (+168.35 per cent) from the mother.
The tax-exempt operation continues to make a major contribution, and the effect of the Hainan enterprise income tax relief is at the end of its performance. The year’s year-on-year increase is due to the same increase in the off-island tax-free sales business. The same increase in the net profit return is due to the business income tax benefits enjoyed by the regional subsidiary in Hainan during the current period and the impact of the epidemic on the capital’s airport’s rent concessions.
From 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2024, the preferential tax rate of 15 per cent on corporate income tax (formerly 25 per cent) has affected the net profit return of listed companies.
10 February 1998) Method of calculation of operating fees: The cost of operating the third year of the contract is calculated on the basis of the base operating fee for the second year of the contract, in accordance with the circumstances relating to the decline in international passenger traffic. After the supplementary agreement, the company is liable for the annual operating fee of $283 million for the third contract for the capital airport, and this supplementary agreement has been signed, with a total net profit impact on the parent for the period of the period of $1.14 billion.
The Māori rate fell between 4.68 pct and 36.34 per cent as a result of a series of discounted promotional activities in corporate commodity sales during the recipient period, and the overall cost rate decreased by 20.83 pct to 6.86 per cent. Of this amount, the sales cost rate of 4.15 per cent (-21.08 pct) was due to a significant reduction in airport rent payable; the management cost rate of 2.58 per cent (+0.08 pc) was less than the change during the outbreak; and the financial cost rate of 0.12 per cent (+0.18 pct) was attributable to an increase in staff remuneration; and the financial cost rate of 0.12 per cent (+0.18 pct) was due to the implementation of a new lease.
2. Investment proposals and profit projections q3 have been repeatedly affected by the epidemic, with net profits of approximately $1,252 million during the company ' s life, after deduction of income tax benefits and rent returns, with a slight burden on performance.
q4 and Spring Festivals are usually a season for duty-free sales off the island, with extreme weather such as cooling in the interior cities affected by La Niña this year, with the lei and the tropical sea island resorts. Over the long term, the effects of the backsliding in the epidemic have been significant, and the off-island duty-free track continues to grow at a high rate. Follow-up looks at the continued landing of the airport supplemental agreement as a benefit to the company’s costs.
The present report is presented independently and objectively. I am not, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to use my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.