The company announcement of 14 December stated that 100 per cent of the stock of the Hong Kong Central Bank Assets Management Company Ltd. (“Hong Kong Central Bank Assets Company”) was to be paid off by a private agreement transfer of 126 million dollars in cash.
As a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, it is expected to further promote tax-free business, consolidate tax-free business, protect the river, and resolve competition. The company does not currently have a foreign exchange-free shop license plate, i.e., the tax-free market in the back-to-back city, and the tax-free foreign-exchange commodity business in Hong Kong will be qualified to operate in Hong Kong.
Since Hong Kong-China assets companies were able to participate in a nationwide bid for tax-free operating rights, Hong Kong-China-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong would become a fully-owned subsidiary of the company and hope that the competition issues of its peers would be resolved, and the company’s position as a leader or further consolidated.
The company is actively promoting tax-exempt channels in the city, and by the end of 2020, the company has restored its tax-exempt stores in Beijing, Shanghai, etc.
In addition, the local governments of Wuhan and Shanghai are actively engaged in discussions with companies. This new acquisition includes a city-wide duty-free shop open to Chinese citizens, which is expected to further develop the tax-free consumption landscape of the company.
As of December 14, we had 2,630 million doses of vaccines, while we are promoting intensive injections, which, according to the first financial report, show a 94 per cent rate of central and Omician anti-virality in foreign countries.
There has been a gradual increase in the country’s recognition of vaccines, and most tourist-friendly countries have opened their doors to Chinese tourists. Although there have been repeated outbreaks in the country recently, the provinces and cities that have experienced them have managed in a timely and orderly manner, and the country’s doors have been re-opened, or many channels have been opened for the benefit of companies, such as airports, ports, and duty-free cities.
The market price collection on 15 December 2021 was used as a criterion because the city’s duty-free shop policy was not yet settled and international tourism remained open, and follow-up developments were still to be seen.
The opening of the market has increased competition in the off-island market, and policies have fallen short of expectations.
China Free China: 21h1 Performance is largely in line with expectations, going to Hong Kong in an orderly manner. 20210829 Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
Recreational services: tourism complex