The q3 epidemic is under Maori pressure, and the season is about to come.
In the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved operating income of 49,499 million yuan, an increase of 40.87 per cent over the same period. The net return to the mother was 8491 million yuan, an increase of 168.35 per cent over the same period. In the first three quarters, the company earned business income of 13,973 million yuan, a decrease over the same period.
On the other hand, some $2.4 billion was purchased by members of the cdf, and some $2.4 billion in income tax benefits and rents from the capital airport were returned to the site, increasing profits by about $1.88 billion for three quarters \triangleright \triangleright.
In the first three quarters of 2021, the authorities defined the duty-free off-island sales in China as an incentive to industry, so that six subsidiaries in the Hainan region would be exempt from the 15% tax preference for corporate income tax as of 1 January 2020, which would have an impact on the net profits of shareholders in listed companies of about 740 million yuan.
In accordance with the relevant national policy, China ' s Central African Republic has paid a portion of the operating fee due to the net profits of the shareholders of the listed company, in accordance with the regulations of China ' s capital airport, which compares the operation of Fida from February 2020 to February 2021 with the trend of Xianjin 300.
The impact is estimated at 1.140 billion yuan. The two costs increase the profits by about 1.88 billion yuan for three quarters.q3 epidemics or pressure on the industry, companies are actively responding to the need to keep their income within reasonable areas, with a net profit of 3,132 million won in the third quarter of 2021, and if they are eliminated from income tax benefits and rent returns, they operate.
The net profit is about $1,252 million, which is slightly lower than market expectations. We believe that three quarters of the country’s epidemic has been severe, with an outbreak of disease in Hainan and a certain suppression of the demand side, which is objectively avoided.
The discounting of sales, while likely to lead to a decline in Māori in the short term, has some positive implications in terms of branding, raising staff confidence, and sharing fixed costs. The Māori rate has declined slightly in the single quarter, and the cost rate has remained stable over the period.
\triangleright Exceeded cost of sales, as airport rents were returned to the landing site to reduce sales costs, resulting in a 76 per cent decrease in the previous three quarters, compared with 2,061 million yuan in the previous three quarters; and management fee, with 2.38 per cent and 2.57 per cent of the company ' s management costs in the previous three quarters, respectively
The trend towards accelerated recovery of consumption is still clear, with China’s off-island duty-free market growing at a very high rate. As a leader in the world’s tax-free industry, the company benefits from a strong supply chain and operational capacity, adding up to the incremental contribution of the new stores in China, deepening online channels, reducing costs from new rent supplement agreements at airports, and potentially falling into the market.
Xinzexi@mszq has repeated outbreaks and macroeconomic developments have fallen short of expectations.
2. China’s China Central Free (601888): The trend of off-island sales continues to rise, and promotion discounts have no real impact.
A summary of company financial statement data projections. Member of the Board of Directors of the Creative Industries Association for Forward-looking Research in Industrial Chains and Deep Excavation of Quality Marks. Joined the Institute of Civic Securities in 2021, Sin Zehee, Master of Audit Studies, three years of work experience in sellers and businesses, and joined in 2021, covering the retail section of social clothing.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.