In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved a net profit of 49.5 billion dollars, a 40.9 per cent increase.
The company announced that it had signed a supplementary agreement with the capital airport, and that international passenger flows had fallen significantly during the period (11 February 2020 to 10 February 2021).
On the basis of the base operating fee for the year of the second contract, the operating fee for the year of the third contract (i.e., the period referred to above) is accounted for on the basis of the passenger flow, under which the company is required to pay the annual operating fee for the third contract for the capital airport to the Hainan subsidiary for income tax benefits.
Tax-exempt shops, Haiwan, Meran Airport, Joanne, Sea Free, Phoenix Airport, as defined by the authorities concerned, enjoy a 15 per cent tax benefit on corporate income tax, with effect from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2024, with tax returns affecting profits.
$740 million, counting three quarters of performance. In the short term, offshore travel is expected to continue under pressure, tax incentives, product combinations, commodity trade.
Net profits amounted to 2.230 billion and net profits amounted to 2.51 billion, mainly due to the impact of the summer epidemic, with institutional investors accounting for 2 to 3 per cent of the circulation of capital flows in South China, which affected tax-exempt operations from the island in the third quarter, with a comparable income.
On the other hand, there has been an increase in sales promotion, three quarters gross. According to news sources, nine duty-free stores in Hainan achieved duty-free sales of 1.61 billion, a 63 per cent increase, with 250,000 consumers, a 48 per cent increase and an average of 230 million yuan per day during the National Day.
As the weather turns cold and the sea moves south, duty-free consumption is expected to remain high. In the long run, the policy of the city’s duty-free shops is still under way, and companies have submitted their applications to Hong Kong’s share of ipo, which will expand overseas in the future.
It's not just about the power of channels, the efficiency of the supply chain, but it's about the power of channels and the efficiency of the supply chain.
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be duplicated or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The Associated Company may use or recommend any action prior to receipt of this report or on the basis of the information or research in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss resulting from the use of this report.
This report is not intended to promote or induce customers to trade the certificates mentioned in the report.