Short-term exposure to the epidemic, concessionary rent landing at the capital airport, tri-quarter review of China ' s 2021 report: the company issued its third-quarter report in 2021, and in the third quarter of 2021 it realized business income
Wei Hongmei agreed and signed a supplementary agreement with the capital airport for the company to pay RMB for the operation of the capital airport during the third year of the contract (11 February 2020 to 10 February 2021)
In the third quarter of 2021, the company achieved business income of 13,973 million yuan, a decrease of 11.73 per cent over the same period last year; the net return to the mother of 3,132 million yuan, an increase of $168.35 per cent over the same period last year.
The impact was further under pressure, with the ring falling by 19.66% over the second quarter of the same season. Rent landings at the capital airport were favourable, with slightly less than expected performance after deduction of one-time costs.
The net profit of the firm is $1.14 billion. Adding to the preferential tax rates enjoyed by the former off-island tax-exempt subsidiary, the tax charge is back on the net profit of the company at around $740 million, less a one-time recovery, and the net profit of the company on the third quarter is about $1,252 million, a decrease of 43.94 per cent, slightly less than anticipated.
Or is it related to the decline in the three-quarters impact of the three-quarters epidemic in duty-free off-island sales as a proportion of total sales, while the lower-rate sales on-line were higher. Investment proposal: Multi-Date Distribute Disordered companies perform slightly less than expected in the three-quarters, October.
The transmission chain is still prolonged, short-term or continuing to be under pressure, but the speed of internal outbreak control is good. From our tracking of air traffic data in and out of Hainan civil aviation, tax-free elasticity is good, and the outbreak is under control and is expected to recover quickly.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.