South Hainan income tax preferences determine that the company's performance is expected to increase by 15 per cent of the preferential tax rate on corporate income tax for the six southern subsidiaries, and the company expects that the new tax policy will have a positive impact on 21q3 performance, with an expected impact of 10 per cent of the net profit from the parent in 2020.
Overarching, retroactive adjustments will be recorded in the company ' s 21q3 statement. Sean Island tax-exempt business income tax benefits are on the ground, and 21q3 is expected to perform better.
The Department’s 2020 and 21h1 Triads and Sea Exempted Contribution to Mothers’ Net Profit of about $6.69 billion, which is conservatively expected to revert to Mothers’ Net Profit of over $610 million in the 21q3 statement, are expected to increase the company’s performance over the next four years.
The increase in duty-free operations off the island is expected to continue to expand, with the advantage of Hainan. The company Seagate International is expected to open in 2022, the recruitment process and the construction of the Seagate logistics base are expected to progress steadily, and the Seagate Land project is expected to open in 2023, with the main initiative being the luxury shopping and high-end vacation accommodation.
It is expected that companies will continue to introduce high-end branding and consolidate their advantages. Airport rents are expected to be adjusted to enhance international influence in Hong Kong.
With the adjustments already made, negotiations with Beijing and Guangzhou airport rents are expected to come to an end. The company’s h-share ipo is moving forward, and it is hoped that it will expand its access to corporate finance and increase its international influence. It is hoped that it will be out of the company’s territory because of the lack of clarity about the specific amount and modalities of the return of corporate income tax, we will maintain the company’s profits for the time being.
China: 21h1 performance is largely in line with expectations. China: submitting an application for listing in Hong Kong. Global competitiveness: 20210630
China Free China: Double-wheel drive on-line and below-line, continued intensification of tax-exempt competition from the island, project advancement less than expected, and the country opened up the diversion of off-island sales.
• Leisure services: tourism complex