In order to solve the competition problem and improve competitiveness, the company intends to acquire control at a cost of $126 million in cash.
100% shareholding of the Hong Kong Sino-Branch Assets Management Company, a fully-owned subsidiary of the stockholders, Hong Kong (the “Hong Kong Central Brigade”) The main business of the Hong Kong-Bourse includes tax-free sales, pre-packaged food sales, property management, etc., which generated revenues of 3.02 million, 969 million and 81,400, respectively, in the first three quarters of 2019-2021, resulting in net return to the mother.
In Hong Kong, Hong Kong travel is qualified to operate duty-free foreign exchange goods, which allows for the opening of a home-to-country tax-free shop (the same type of license plate as a Chinese uniform, which is currently exempt from taxes of $5,000).
According to previously published information, the main shop is now open in Harbin (i.e. Sino-Chinese tax-free shop, which is currently out of business). After the conclusion of this transaction, one helps to solve the intra-group competition problem, and the second is to improve the layout of the company's license plate so that it will be the only tax-free company in the country.
The complementary effects of the entry operations are expected to deepen, with a view to improving the post-infection market layout and improving overall profitability, with tax-free sales of $35.5 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 121 per cent compared with the same period last year (lower); 5.13 million shopping passengers, an increase of 84.5 per cent; and 5,073 million duty-free items, an increase of 158 per cent.
Considering the autumn and winter outbreaks and power-marketing activities, duty-free sales or shocks, the overall outlook is expected to be more favourable. Moreover, companies have previously announced that they have suspended the listing of their shares, depending on the market situation, in view of the impact of the epidemic on the global economy, capital markets, etc.
In addition to improving the coverage of duty-free stores in Hainan Island and building ancillary businesses, the company’s ability to negotiate with upstream suppliers has increased as the scale has grown.
The company has also focused on digitalization, bringing together 20 million free members and strengthening the flow advantage by gradually improving its membership services. In addition, it has pre-positioned tax-free stores in the city, which will be affected by the epidemic in the future.
It is expected to increase profits by connecting with airport duty-free shops, and taking into account the autumn-winter epidemic, a slight reduction in profit forecasts is expected to result in net gains for companies in 2021-2022.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.