China Central Free (601888): Acquisition of Hong Kong's assets and consolidation of full-source tax-exempt status
The Hong Kong Central Travel Assets Company, which holds 100% of the shares in its assets, has a transaction price of $126 million, while China is exempt from the current domestic duty-free retail leader, operates to supplement the business short-term, and is expected to further consolidate the position of the tax-free leader market.
The Hong Kong China Travel Company, a former Chinese travel agency established in 1984, has been operating in Hong Kong to promote the free sale of free goods, including the wholesale and retail distribution of duty-free goods such as tobacco, alcohol, perfume, etc.
It is the only company in the country that is qualified to operate a duty-free foreign exchange commodity, i.e. a tax-free shop with a license plate to return home to pay off the tax-free market, to bid for the tax-free business and operate a foreign-exchange-free shop throughout the country, and the owner of a foreign-exchange-free licence plate is the owner. The company does not have such a duty-free shop, and this acquisition will be supplemented by the current one.
52 weeks of short-term stock market, consolidation and improvement of the company’s tax-free business layout, and continued consolidation of the leading market position. The exit injection is expected to activate the license plate, while the early deployment of the city’s tax-free stores is expected to fully enjoy the government.
In Hong Kong, travel assets (Congregations) have a long history of tax-free license plates, but the total stock/flow-a (millions of shares) has been small, there is a large gap between tax exemptions and exemptions, and the infusion is expected to make its contribution.
The advantages of cooperation, supply chain, and operational capability, which helped to re-energize tax-exempt license plates for foreigners, were released in the b/h (millions of shares), leading to performance growth. At the same time, China’s middle-income countries have recently been working on tax-exempt channels within the city.
We believe that the city’s tax-exempt policy will be further liberalized and will return to the site of the return to travel abroad, and that the opening will be followed by the opening of the market.
The company has a tax-free license plate for entering and leaving the city, which, in the same time, pre-positions tax-exempt channels throughout the country. It is expected to fully enjoy the policy-opening dividend, solve the competition problems of its peers, and have a clearer pattern of competition.
The promise of competition in the industry is to gradually reduce the recombinant merger between the group and the company. When this acquisition is completed, the competition between the company and China Travel Group will be resolved, and the pattern of competition in our duty-free market will become clearer.
In the short term, there is a margin for improvement, which, in the long run, still favors the high profile of the free track in the context of shared wealth. In the short term, as a result of the nationwide multi-distribution epidemic, tourism retail markets are growing at a slower pace, but with a slow pace of growth.
Research assistant: Wei Wooming, where there is a margin for marginal improvement in the mitigation of the epidemic. Over the long term, the ratio of middle-income groups to the common wealth target has increased significantly, leading to increased demand for alternative consumption, with tax exemptions as a long-term increase in consumption at the middle and high end.
It is expected that the company will continue to benefit from industry growth, with long-term deep-drawing off-island tax-exempt and ongoing multi-channel laying. Profit forecasts: In the context of both internal and external cycles and consumer reflows, duty-free discharges from off-islands continue and the epidemic improves.
The airport ' s tax-free access is also expected to be gradually restored and the company will fully benefit from the industrial growth dividend by consolidating its leadership position through its multiple efforts in branding cooperation, channeling, operating management and financial support.
The source of financial prosperity in the east, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China is exempt (601888) from the acquisition of Hong Kong's assets and the consolidation of full-source tax-exempt status.
The research assistant, Wei Woo-Li, is mainly responsible for research directions such as cosmetics, tax exemptions, electricity suppliers, traditional retailing, jewellery, etc.
Liu Xueqing blames hotels, restaurants, edifying clothes, local life, medical education, etc. for their research.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.