China ' s short-term performance was disturbed by the epidemic, and the tax-free long-term space was wide: China ' s three-quarterly report in 2021 was released, and revenue earned in the last three quarters was 49.499 billion yuan.
China is now the leader of duty-free retailing in China, receiving 13,973 million yuan, or 11.73 per cent of the total, and achieving a net return profit of 3,132 million yuan, or +40.22 per cent of the total.
The off-island tax-free channels are more affected in the short term by the mild season and the epidemic, and the airport channels have not been restored, slowing the overall growth rate of companies.
As a result of the adverse effects, the demand for travel has been suppressed, and the 21-year q3 customs base for duty-free purchases from the island and the increased market share of the participants in the dispersed segment of the market, the company ' s tax-exempt income from the island has fallen by the same amount. The airport ' s tax-exempt channels remain weak against the background of a still severe overseas epidemic.
Tax concessions and airport rental agreements have led to an improvement in the margin of profits, but they have been promoted with a greater degree of publicity The increase in the profitability of the circulation b/h (millions of shares) has resulted in a supplementary agreement between the company and the capital airport, the third contract year (20 years)
Monthly to February 21 operating costs have been reduced to $283 million, with a first-time charge based on the base rent to offset sales costs, resulting in a net return profit of $1.14 billion. Six subsidiaries of the company are entitled to a 15% tax on corporate income tax, with a one-time offset from January 2020.
Tax costs, resulting in an increase of $740 million in the net profit from the parent. Two major uncertainties, with a marginal improvement in the profit margin, have been removed, with net interest rates of about 12.04 per cent for q3, and an increase in the share of back-up on the line, with a 6.25 pct. decline in the gross profit ratio, affecting the profit level.
In the short term, duty-free duty-free rates have been rising steadily, despite their decline, reaching $7,585 and $7,286 in August and September, respectively, except for February since the launch of the tax-free New Deal.
Highest value, and is expected to recover quickly in the context of the epidemic’s mitigation and the q4 tourist season. As an important window to attract consumption returns, Hainan Province has set an exemption of 60 billion dollars for this year’s sales, reaching a total of 35.540 billion yuan by September.
The increase in the share of middle-income groups under the wealth target will lead to an increase in demand for alternative consumption, with tax exemptions.
It is expected that the company will continue to benefit from industry growth, a return in sales size that will allow for a weak control, a steady recovery in the Māori rate, a combination of tax incentives and improved profitability.
Profit projections: In the context of the internal and external double cycle and the return of consumption, duty-free discharges from the island continue and the epidemic improves, airport tax-free access is expected to recover gradually, and companies will fully benefit from the industrial growth dividend through the consolidation of their leadership through a variety of efforts in branding cooperation, channeling, operating management and financial support.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China, China, 601888: short-term performance is disturbed by the epidemic, tax-free long-term horizons are vast, the source of financial prosperity in the East is vast.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's short-term performance is disturbed by the epidemic, and the long-term space for tax exemption is wide.
The research assistant, Wei Woo-Li, is mainly responsible for research directions such as cosmetics, tax exemptions, electricity suppliers, traditional retailing, jewellery, etc.
Liu Xueqing blames hotels, restaurants, edifying clothes, local life, medical education, etc. for their research.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.