In 2023, China achieved operating income of $4,4109 million, or +23.7 per cent; net profit to the mother, $30.13 billion, capital expenditure sustained, well drilling resumed: global upstream capital expenditure maintained, and the parent company ' s marine oil was 2024 years old.
This expenditure is expected to be 125-1350 million yuan, and it is expected that future capital spending on exploration and development will remain at over $100 billion based on historical data.
17.7 million days, corresponding to +6.0 per cent, of which the number of self-incentive/semi-submarine drilling platforms operating is equal to the number of days of autonomous technology conversion and high growth in oil technology: to reduce cyclical properties, the company gradually transformed the drilling operations into oil technology operations, and the total share of oil plates in 2023 amounted to 58.39 per cent.
The technological scale application, with a success rate of 95.11 per cent in the first-time drilling of high-end drilling equipment for nationally produced self-researched equipment, the innovation in the application of high-difficult directional well operations, and many breakthroughs, such as high-temperature electro-imaging wells, high-temperature high-end cable-welling techniques, have been effective in supporting the exploration and development of complex oil and gas resources at sea and the expansion of the domestic and foreign markets.
Re-innovation was high, the same year + 31.4 per cent. The domestic market was steadily guaranteed and the external layout was continuously optimized: in the region of operation, the domestic market was strategically driven by the company's main revenue exploration strategy in 2023, with domestic revenue per year + 17.9 per cent, while companies continued to optimize overseas market openings and capture potential highs.
End-user groups, multiple winning high-quality overseas projects, achieved revenue of $9.470 billion on international markets in 2023, with a profit forecast and investment rating: companies persist in technological innovation and transformation for a long time, and significant progress has been made to date, with external market niches synchronized with internal management and high-quality growth certainty in future performance.
China Sea Oil Uniforms (601808.sh): The climate is warm, with companies performing with long-term certainty and a high increment. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.