A significant increase in the same performance was recorded in 2401, and the performance of the operation was significant: on the evening of 25 April 2024, the first quarter of 2024 was issued in the Chinese and China oil uniforms. 2024q1, the company achieved a revenue of $10,148 million, i.e., 200.0 per cent, ring ratio - 30.5 per cent; and the return was achieved.
China Sea Oil Uniforms (601808.sh) 24q1 has significantly increased profits on a year-on-year basis, mainly considering the company ' s initiative during the industry upswing period \triangleright
The Bureau’s global regional markets have continued to strengthen core competitiveness, increasing the main workloads and incomes of each block during the period driven by the advantages of the complete industrial chain.
835 million yuan, mainly due to cash increases in payments for goods purchased and services received during the current period Drilling services: 4388 days, a decrease of 77 days, a decrease of 1.7 per cent, of which 3420 days, a decrease, were spent on self-introduction rigs
The daily usage rate is largely the same, with self-incented drilling platforms running at 80.2 per cent and semi-submarine drilling platforms at 76.0 per cent per day.
Platform operations, or in the short term, have a negative impact on the company ' s self-propelled drilling platform usage and average daily fees, but the company has indicated that it will reduce the impact of this matter on the company ' s overall performance through a variety of positive and effective measures, which we believe will not change the industry upwards over the long term.
This year, the North Sea drilling platform in Norway became operational or further enhanced the company's semi-submarine oil field technical services: the main line of operations of the oil field technical services continued to grow at the same time, and the overall income scale continued to grow.
Ship services: As of 2024q1, the company operated 172 workboats, platform supply vessels, oil field watch boats, etc. The company’s ships operated 14227 days, an increase of 532 days, an increase of 3.9 per cent.
Discovery service: A 2D collection of 4043 m \triangleright, a decrease of 7960 km from the same year, influenced by the schedule of the operational plan. A 3D collection of 6696 km2, an increase from the same year
With an additional 5585 square kilometres, which is mainly an increase in overseas operations. The total volume of seafloor operations was 241 square kilometres, an increase of 15.3 per cent over the same period.
In 2024, China Sea Oil Program capital account for cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing. The continued high level of capital spending on China Sea oil guarantees a steady growth in company performance, and in 2024 the company’s domestic operations will probably increase steadily.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we project net return profits for the company for 2024-2026, respectively, to maintain the "buy-in" rating of the company for 2024-2026, taking into account that the company is expected to benefit from its competitive advantage in the future and that the industry landscape is expected to increase continuously.
Risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risks in oil prices; demand recovery less than expected risk; \triangleright upstream capital expenditure less than expected risk; geopolitical risk; exchange rate fluctuations risk.
Xinda Energy Research Team Profiles Dr. Zho, Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Council for Geology and Mineral Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Coal Price Select Committee and former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) for more than a decade has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields. He has been the chair of the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on large-scale energy panels since 2019.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of Technology on petrochemicals, who led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed the study on “Incentive and Implementation Path to Carbon Peak” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the national ministry's oil and gas industry planning, the construction of a new energy system, and industry carbon.
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for major energy-related research and research in the petrochemical sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest China. In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical components that are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.