China Sea oil suits (601808.sh): Drilling wells and oils 10 April 2024 Continued restoration of technical services in the field to promote profitability
The main business of China Sea Oil Uniforms China Sea Oil Fields Services Co. Ltd. involved hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 23.70 per cent over the same period; net return profit of 3.013 billion yuan, an increase of 27.75 per cent over the same period;
The oil and gas exploration, exploitation and production stages are divided into four main sections, namely, drilling services, oil field technical services, ship services, and surveying services.
(c) Drilling services: affected by upstream capital expenditure, drilling services have been restored and drilling services have become more expensive.
In the short term, China’s long-term position as the leader of the Chinese oil suit is unshakeable, and its performance is expected to improve. According to the Pilgrim Global Investment Plan 2023, seven major international oil companies have capital support.
Highlights for the next three to six months: 12.7 billion yuan in services, an increase of 16.6 per cent over the same period, are heavy asset-based operations, with higher financial and technical barriers, and in the short term, unshakeable leadership of marine oil uniforms, with future performances.
Field technical services: achievements in autonomous technological innovation as the main source of revenue growth in the future. Field technical services were the largest major business in terms of corporate revenue (58.4 per cent in 2023), and field technical services generated income of RMB 25.760 billion in 2023, an increase of 61.6 per cent over the same period in 2022.
Two innovative technologies have won “Oscar” in the oil community. The technology-driven strategy has deepened, and the international market for oil field technical services is expected to grow steadily in the future in terms of the flowb/h (millions of shares).
In the area of ship services, the company has been actively strengthening and expanding its pool of reserves for 23 years, deepening the integrated management of domestic maritime ship services, while actively expanding the overseas market.
In the area of collection and engineering, companies are following the pace of globalization, accelerating the process of building intelligence, and working towards the efficient transfer of the autonomous control of key core technologies.
In 2023, the RMB 2.34 billion operating income increased from RMB 1.99 billion for the same period in 2022, compared to 29.4% for the same period; net interest rates on sales also increased slightly.
Companies’ profitability projections and investment ratings are expected to increase further in the company’s well-drilling service plate performance, given that global spending on hydrocarbon capital has increased significantly in the coming years, leading to higher profitability in the garment industry; and companies rely on large clients.
Sea oil provides strong support for its domestic operations, technology breakthroughs and import substitutions for oil field technical services, and Eastern financial booms and $5.65 billion for ps 0.82, 0.97 and 1.18, respectively.
Upstream capital expenditure falls short of expectations; overseas business expansion risks.
China Sea oil suits (601808.sh): Continued recovery of drilling and oil field technical services, promoting a steady growth of profits, and a source of financial prosperity in the East
Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, University of Mudan, Master of Financial Mathematics, six years of experience in investment studies, 2015-2018, Director of the Open Securities Development Research, Research Assistant, Mowenjung
Research Assistant in the Energy Industry, Ph.D., Visiting Scholar, Cornell University of the United States, 2019-2020, for biomass energy. Joined East Hing Securities in 2022, covering research in the fields of energy extraction and transformation, non-ferrous metals, carbon neutrality, and others.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
China Sea oil suits (601808.sh): The technical services of drilling wells and oil fields continue to be restored to promote a steady increase in profitability and do not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.