A study by the Watonsecurities International-a Unit, 30 December 2022
"Cloud Re-numbering" is an internal exercise, and the government and the cloud leaders are expected to come forward to value the re-engineering - recommended by the China Telecommunications (601728.sh) investment value analysis report (first time)
In November, the President of the CSRC indicated that, after exploring the development of a valuation system with Chinese characteristics, the announcement of 2 December by the CSRC Chairman had finalized a new three-year action plan to promote the quality of listed companies and the Central Enterprise.
A three-year action plan for integrated services, one of which is that services promote a return to a reasonable level of valuation in the country.
It's the wind of new explorations by state-owned enterprises, and we expect the market to become more aware of the company's inner sfc:aak004 industry's persistence in digitalization.
With a new generation of digital technology underpinned and led by data as a key element, with value released at its core, companies seize the strategic opportunities offered by the new technological revolution and industrial transformations, integrate core technological advantages with cloud networks, fully implement the “Cloud Transformation” strategy, building the day around the digital needs of their clients.
The company's Māori ratio and roe have been back on the upward path since 2021, accelerating production.
The impact of the industry’s digitalization business has already begun, and we expect that the industry’s digital plate will continue to grow at a higher rate of double-digit growth over the next three years.
In 2018 and 2021, the company implemented two rounds of the equity value-added scheme, providing medium- and long-term incentives for core cadres of employees. The company indicated that the equity value-added was “scored by contribution” and was oriented towards units with significant high-quality performance; and “scored by potential”, moving to the “rain change” focus area and focus area.
The “high and short” talent is tilted; the third is “performance,” where the number of rights is closely linked to the company’s performance and that of the individual employee. Thus, the company’s desire to improve core competitiveness, the incentives for value added, the plan will help to strengthen corporate cohesion, and we expect the company to do its best.
• Corporate profitability forecasting and valuation Industrial policy adjustments, R & D innovation less than expected, and increased competition in the market, where they live most closely.
1.1. The traditional business is becoming more saturated and new and dynamic, but the country has a relatively high rate of penetration in telecommunications and telecommunications, but it is still technologically well developed and is moving to 5g and 6g, and the domestic industry as a whole is still in a growth cycle compared to the global penetration rate.
A steady upswing. But with the development of high-speed Internet access services and the rapid rise in mobile data flow consumption, voice operations (a package of 2.27 trillion minutes in 2021, a decrease of 15.61 per cent). As an alternative to Internet applications, mobile SMS operations are mostly driven by security-related services such as web login and user identification.
Operator telecommunications operations are divided into fixed communications operations and mobile communications operations. Value-added operations such as iptv in fixed communications operations, heart in Internet data, big data, cloud computing, object networking, etc., benefit from major engineering processes and new infrastructure developments such as 5g networks, artificial intelligence, smart cities, etc., which are gradually becoming a new driving force for industry development, with an enhanced impact on operations. January-October 2022
Three basic telecommunications enterprises have completed new business-related revenues of 256.3 billion yuan, an increase of 33.1 per cent over the previous year, representing 19.4 per cent of telecommunications business income, and an increase of 5.2 percentage points in telecommunications business income. Data and Internet operations account for more than 50 per cent of total telecommunications business income in the last five years.
The impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic has further boosted the surge in demand for mobile Internet applications, with unusually active online consumption and monthly household traffic (dou) 1.3.
Operators are in the middle of the communications industry chain, taking on the changes in demand in downstream markets and the operation of the upstream electronic component manufacturing industry. A series of related policies have been introduced in various sectors of the country, including 5g networking, terminal ipv6 upgrades, and “two gigabytes” of network infrastructure, indirectly contributing to the overall development of the telecommunications sector.
In its Development Plan for the 14th Information and Communication Industry, the Ministry of Industry and Communications proposed that one of its development objectives be “a significant increase in the capacity of data and arithmetic facilities to service them”, creating a multi-level system of computing facilities that combines networks, clouds, clouds, green intelligence.
The basic communications network will move in the direction of arithmetic integration, and the 5g+ cloudization+marginalization will drive a multi-faceted landscape. Thus, the prospect of industrial digitization is broad in the future, with more demand from government and business clients for digital transformation, and the operator’s own important driving force is self-evident.
In September 2002, the company was set up with the sole initiative of the Corporation. The Telecommunications Group held 87.01% of the shares after transferring some shares to Guangdong Guangzheng (8.37%), Zhejiang (3.19%) and Jiangsu (1.43%).
Between 2003 and 2012, the company completed the acquisition of all shares in the 17 provinces (Autonomous Communities, Municipalities) of Anhui Province, Hubei Province, Beijing City Telecommunications Limited, and the acquisition of the cdma operation. The company landed in August 2021 and is currently the largest firm in the country.
Over the last four years, the company’s income from all types of operations has been more stable, with the result that mobile communication services are the dominant service, which is still down by more than 40% from year to year. In the first three months of 2022, income from mobile communications services was 1484.
Millions of dollars, or 41.46 per cent. The ratio of fixed and intelligent family services, industry digitization and other income is 24.99 per cent, 23.93 per cent, and 2.1.1. The cloud network combines the leading digital economy with the new blue sea.
The largest blend of cloud-wing clouds. The company has taken the lead in proposing cloud-net convergence ideas, focusing on a development strategy that focuses on cloud-changers, with 56 and sky-wing clouds at its core, creating digital application platforms, enriching application maps, and transforming itself from a basic communications service provider to a business-wide integrated intelligence service provider.
In July 2021, the company set up Skywing Cloud Technology Ltd. and introduced strategic investors in central enterprises, such as Chinese electronics, Chinese electricity, China ' s Tung-tung and China ' s new state, to actively promote the integration of central corporate cloud computing resources, which has led to the emergence of the concept of National Clouds and its basic framework.
The company has strengthened its co-building and extensive cooperation with China, building the first, largest and fastest network of 5g independent groups (sa) in the world, providing an application model for global 5gsa deployment, promoting new information infrastructure, and accelerating development along a green, low-carbon and efficient path.
The company’s 2+4+31+x+o cloud paved the way for arithmetic. In 2012, the company launched its Sky Cloud Calculus Strategy, which is the country’s first-ever operator in the field of computing.
The city's territorialization of exclusive clouds, the creation of polarized clouds at widely distributed edge nodes (x), and the development of overseas nodes (o) along the “one-way” layout of the country, has resulted in a national computational layout of 2+4+31+x+o, which provides for the State's “East and West” project with 2.1.2. Deep-farming enterprises to support the development of productive livelihoods for the population
The growth of mobile Internet users has slowed after 10 years of developing mobile Internet dividends. The Central Economic Workshop in December 2018 redefined infrastructure construction, which was then included in the 2019 report of the Government on strengthening the new generation of information infrastructure.
Although the country’s communications industry has undergone a series of major reforms, such as the separation of companies, the post and telecommunications sub-camps, and the reconstitution of telecommunications, which have led to the emergence of a three-pronged situation among telecommunications operators today, the four words “China Telecom” are deeply popular, following the launch of such business brands as “the Sky Wings” and “The Pepsi Lines.”
The company has established its own branding system, with a large, high-quality and long-term stable territorially owned clientele, a political cloud, a leader in the domestic market, and a leader in the digital transformation of thousands of jobs.
In December 2021, the Ministry opened a mobile base station in Darya Boi commune, the deep province of the Tacrama desert, in the Far East; in the first half of this year, the Ministry issued China Telecommunications 2022 as a tool for comprehensive rural revitalization: 1 July, in the city of Ping, Jiangxi province.
Villages, digital village platforms, the village-level digital village system of the first Chinese telecommunications platform in Ping Town City. The “Technology Force” showed the “China Speed.” In early 2020, the company completed the deployment of core systems such as the Hes and Pacs Hospital in Wuhan in 48 hours.
The company has fully implemented its “broadband China” strategy, covering more than 300 cities and leading the industry on a scale that has the leading broadband Internet chinnet and cn2-dci fine carrying network; and the backbone network has formed a five-region network covering the entire country.
2.1.3. Secure security barriers built by the network security system to protect thousands of families The biggest demand of clients is data and system security, the company takes the lead in building a safe mid-point within the industry, building a secure capability pool covering 31 provinces (districts and municipalities), centralizing security data, intelligent security analysis, safe operation organization and security service capabilities
The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Sky Wing Security Technology Ltd., took the lead in China’s Top Ten Cyber Security Enterprises 2021, published at China’s International Information and Communications Fair in 2021. For its personal clients, the company provides demand around harassment information interception, malicious program disruption, user data protection, etc.
As of December 31, 2021, Sky Wing Protection against Disturbing App, which provides broadband users with safe housekeeping products with three main features: fraud, intrusion, leak prevention, and full-scale security of access. For government clients, the company's own platform, the Cloud Dynamite, is the only fully developed in the country.
Net cover and global touch capability cyberattack protection platform, which currently focuses on ddos attack protection, website security, domain security and anti-fishing fraud four products, with 36 protection nodes deployed globally. Cloudway platform successfully completed its top-level security tasks, such as parades, the World Internet Congress, and in April 2022, Yundedos attack protection service was officially launched.
2.1.4. Comparative analysis of company performance efficiency, management efficiency, profitability and comparison with the median numbers of comparable companies and industries
In recent years, the turnover rate of accounts receivable has increased from year to year. The total turnover rate of the company’s total assets (twice) has been stable, higher than the median of comparable companies and industries, with 0.46 in the third quarter of 2022, depending on the financial position of the client, historical cooperation, and repayments.
In the first three quarters of 2022, corporate sales costs were 11.38 per cent higher than comparable companies, China moved and China connected, and slightly higher than industry median. Corporate and industry overall sales costs have declined in recent years, mainly because, as the industry’s business model matures, operators have strengthened their channels and cost management and made their resources more efficient.
Also affected by the growing maturity of online channels and the new coronary epidemic, operators have made great efforts to develop online channels to guide users through such channels as business halls, and to reduce the cost of sales related to offline channels. Corporate management costs for the same period have been 7.10%, with little volatility in recent years, slightly higher than the industry median.
The company’s profitability-related indicators are analysed. The company’s profitability indicators have been stable in recent years and are higher than the industry’s median.
The change is due to the company ' s ability to exploit cloud network services to accelerate industrial digital business development and to the continued positive growth in revenue. 2.2.2022 - 2024, the company ' s Māori ratio forecast is that while the company ' s business income can be classified according to the client category, the company ' s operating costs are nil due to the full network of industry assets.
The law splits according to income categories, so here we consider the Māori rate of the company's business as a whole. We predict that the company's contractual liability for 2022-2024 will be a pending deferred income that will gradually be released over time into an important component of future income, mainly pre-paid services for users, pre-collected network services and project payments, which have remained largely stable in recent years until the end of q3.
The amount of the contract liability is $64.27 billion. Taking into account the industry practice of the company, and taking into account the current evolution of the contract liability, we anticipate that mobile communications services (toc) will continue to be used in 2020 to October 2022, following the issuance by the Ministry of Trade and Communications in December 2019 of the Regulations for the Management of Portfolio Network Services, where revenues from this type of service will remain at more than 40% of the total revenue.
The company continues to enrich its 5-g-specific application and equity system, promoting a further increase in the size of mobile users. Networking and Smart Family Services (toh) plate: the company, as the first telecommunications operator for broadband operations, has a large client base, and nearly 180 million users of cable broadband at the end of October 2022.
Integration of strengths, taking into account the current state of work, learning, etc., and taking into account the needs of recreation, health, safety, etc., to create a rich content experience that furthers the steady growth in household activity. We predict a firm ' s fixed network and digitized (tob/g) industry from 2022 to 2024: the company ' s business consists mainly of industry clouds, idc, digital platforms, network lines, etc.
By the end of 2003, income levels and the share of total revenues have been rising, with fixed nets and smart family uniforms on par. The company has pursued the opportunity of a digital transformation of the economy and society, and has fully implemented the “Cloud Change” strategy, which will be followed by the consolidation of clouds, networks, secure digital bottoms, and the upgrading of the digital platform’s comprehensive solutions custom-made capabilities to serve as a government message.
The Chemical Markets National Team and the Main Forces. We forecast the company ' s industrial digitization (tob/g) revenues from 2022 to 2024, together with detailed financial statements and key indicator data, as shown in the table at the end of the main body of the report.
The current valuation level of companies is lower than that of partially comparable companies, as measured by the comparable company p/e (ttm) for the same period.a The median dynamic pe in industry companies with a third-tier telecommunications operator is 11.64, taking into account the comparable company situation period (n)pe as a molecule, which is projected to correspond to the next year (n+1) and the expected growth rate of ps*100 is the denominator) is calculated.
(1) Sustained growth rates are measured using slightly lower growth rates than gdp; (2) ps in the dcf model instead of free cash flow; (4) taking into account market risks and the enterprise ' s own risk factors, discount rates include risk premiums.
In November, the Chairman of the China CSRC will soon be able to take stock of the valuation logic of the different types of listed companies and explore the establishment of a valuation system with Chinese characteristics. A new three-year plan of action for promoting the quality of listed companies has been drawn up and a three-year plan of action for integrated central enterprise services completed in December.
One is that services drive the value of the firm back to a reasonable level. The company has now issued a public announcement on the Investor Relationship Management Scheme, and we expect the market to be better informed about the company’s intrinsic value in the future, thanks to the country’s new exploration of the value of listed companies, particularly state-owned enterprises.
With a new generation of digital technology underpinned and led by data as a key element, with value release at its core, companies seize the strategic opportunities offered by a new technological revolution and industrial change to integrate core technological advantages, take advantage of cloud networks, fully implement cloud conversion strategies, continuously upgrade 5g network coverage around customer digital life needs, and continuously innovate 5g applications.
Building a heterogeneous competitive advantage, promoting digitalization of the vertical sector, intellectual upgrading, and contributing to the digital transformation of society. The company’s Māori ratio and roe have been back on the upward path since 2021, accelerating the development of industry’s digitized business is beginning to show, and we expect that industrial digitized plates will continue to grow at a higher rate in double digits over the next three years.
The company implemented two issues of the stock value added scheme in 2018 and 2021, respectively, with medium- and long-term incentives for its core workforce (excluding its executive directors, non-executive directors, independent directors, supervisors, and senior managers). The company indicated that the equity value added was a “score by contribution” in favour of units with high-quality development results;
The second is “to the potential” in favour of the areas of focus and “to the best of the best”; the third is “to the performance”, where the number of rights is closely linked to the company’s performance and the individual performance of its employees. Thus, the firm’s initial interest in improving core competitiveness is reflected in the fact that the value-added incentive scheme will help to strengthen corporate cohesion, and we expect that the company will be able to develop its own skills in the future.
This report has been produced and published in Hong Kong by H.E. the Hong Kong Securities International Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) Chinastone Securities International Ltd., a 33-year-old voucher dealer, owns license plate No. 1/4/5/9 issued by the Hong Kong CVM.