Acrylic Acid-led performance in restoring hydrogen to the fabric preponderant satellite petrochemical event: company first-quarter report released in 2019, company operating revenue of 2,107 million in 2019
By 20.18 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company of $220 million was realized, and the product price difference increased by the same year, plus the product price difference of the first quarter, plus the pdh II period, with a significant increase in performance. By quarter, the ratio was 11.4 per cent and 14.8 per cent, respectively.
The company’s net profit of $220 million in the first quarter of the year did not exceed what it had previously been expected. As a result of a small performance base in the first quarter of the year, there was a larger increase in the comparison.
Since April, the company Acid has raised its prices several times and has now risen to $9,700 per ton, an increase of $1,300 per ton since the beginning of the month.
We believe that the 205,000 tons of water-channels currently identified as being shut down have been inactive, and that the production of scallops and salamis is now returning to normal in Tae Heung Park, which is not strong enough for short-term price increases. But the general trend in the adjustment of the pattern of the acrylic acid industry remains unchanged, as well as the trend of salivism and salivism.
The Miki production line is closer to the Yangtze and faces the risk of decline and diversion, and the long-term balance of supply and demand remains unchanged. This year’s overall industry landscape or, more than last year, was able to bring the company’s ethylene project to a successful start.
Hydrogen energy planning has gradually risen to the height of the national energy strategy, and the China Hydrogen Energy Alliance has published a study on the hydrogen energy industry in China, which concludes that future hydrogen can account for at least 10 per cent of our final energy system. Hydrogen can be used as a clean and high source of energy.
New energy sources that are efficient, safe, and sustainable can also be adapted to the country’s needs for energy security. Several provinces and cities across the country are now accelerating their consultations on the development of the hydrogen energy industry and accelerating the planning of the hydrogen energy sector.
Gas resources will take the lead in areas such as participation in hydrogen energy utilization technology development and the search for hydrogen-filling stations.1 The annual report of the satellite petrochemicals (002648.sz) 2018.
2- Rapid Report on the 18-year performance of satellite petrochemicals (002648): low-performing capacity to invest in the consolidation of industrial excellence 2019-02-28
The source of the east financial boom, the satellite petrochemicals (002648), the acrylic acid rises in the price-driven repair of the layout hydrogen, the source of the east's financial boom.
Liu Woo-joo, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, cfa.
Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, Master of Industrial Catalytic and Reaction Engineering, University of Qinghua, 3 years of experience in chemical engineering, research in chemical industry since 2015, research assistant profile, Ro 4-D
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, PhD in Chemical Engineering, University of Ohio, United States, cfa, three years of experience in chemical industry. Many leading international academic journals, with 5 national and foreign patents and more than 10 papers signed by leading international academic journals, have been cited almost 1,000 times cumulatively. B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, Master in Chemical Engineering, University of Tulsa, United States, four years of experience in overseas chemical industry, joined Dongxing in May 2018.
Xu Kullen Benko and M.A. are both in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, where they worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three years of experience in the management of chemical technology development and analysis of their own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.