The elastic phase pressure, the rapid start of electronic material, the photovoltaic phase pressure, the multiple advantages are expected to help smooth the cycle. 2025h1, Company \triangleright
Billion dollars, 26.97 per cent decline in the same year; the sales volume of photovoltted backboards was 33.6994 million square metres, a decline in the same year.
Compared to other lost photo-film enterprises, the company still has a competitive advantage and maintains a positive profit. In the future, the company will continue to invest more in research and development, with a full range of product categories and excellent cost-control capabilities, for the xbc components, the topcon group.
New technologies such as Jubino, hjt components, Obb components, thin film battery assemblies, and thorium assemblies provide the best price-added encapsulation options: companies will accelerate the expansion of their overseas photo-voltaic membrane production to meet the high profile of emerging markets.
Wang, like market demand, continues to stabilize the global market share of the company's photovoltaic materials. By spreading differentiated products and increasing sales abroad, the company seeks to reduce the impact of industry factors and is expected to move smoothly across the landscape.
Lin Fukugi benefits from the accelerated e-consumption of consumption and the accelerated evolution of the ai application and the rapid development of electronic material operations.
The leading products of the Department of Submaterial Industries are the symmetric membrane, fccl, and symmetrical membrane. 2025h1, the company senses a sales volume of 89,594.8 million square metres, an increase of 21.62 per cent in the same year and an increase of $325 million in operating income, an increase of 17.93 per cent in the same year. As consumer electronic demand recovers and the application of the ai accelerates, pcb
Forster (603806.sh) 2024 Annual Report Review: will enter a new growth cycle. The company’s electronic materials business has acquired its own core raw materials, a two-base layout in South-East and South-East China, a core team-building, research and development and sales in the sea and beyond, and a global head pcb
The main product of the company's functional membrane industry is aluminium plastics, 2025h1, and the sales of aluminium plastics are 6.6584 million square metres.
\triangleright 4. Foster (603806.sh) 2023:
The taps of the membrane are expected to smooth through the cycle and maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and whose findings have not been received, directly or indirectly, by reason of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.