Fluctuation short-term pressure on film, continuous use of electronic materials.
25H1 film volume has declined steadily, with short-term pressure. 25h1 photovoltaic film camp received $7,215.0 billion, or 90.65 per cent, compared to 26.97 per cent, and Māori rate of 11.40 per cent, compared to 5.36 pcts. 25h1 company photovoltaic film sales amounted to 1,386 million square metres, which remained largely at the same level as the previous year.
The elastic flat price falls faster, eventually leading to a fall in revenue and net profits. The company’s share in the global market is about 50 per cent over the long term, thanks to its advantages in technology research and development, : Zengtao_yj@chinastock.com.cn cost control, and customer resources.
We believe that, as the backlash continues, and the industry increases and clears up, corporate profits are expected to improve through differentiated product development and higher overseas sales. The elastic output abroad is available, and the foreign yield period is high.
25.48%, +0.92%, Māori rate 18.08%, Māori ratio 3.28pcts. The company is a photovoltaic film industry leading industry in overseas production capacity and currently has production bases in Thailand and Viet Nam respectively. In 2024, the company Viet Nam released 250 million photovoltaic film production capacity; and Thailand II 250 million flat projects in 2025h1
We believe that in 2025, overseas capacity was added up to meet the market demand of emerging markets with a high climate, and that companies were expected to continue to consolidate their dominant position. Electronic materials were growing rapidly, and the functional membrane was released. (1) fccl and the radiance membrane.
The sales volume of the membrane was 89,594,800 square metres, corresponding to +21.62 per cent, and the revenue from the business of the radiated membrane was $325 million, with recovery and rapid growth. According to Prismark, the forecast for global pcb production for 2023-2028 was 5.40 per cent compound annual growth. We believe that with the arithmetic infrastructure and human robots, etc.
Emerging industries are expected to benefit from increased demand for high-end electronic materials in the areas of servers, data centres, etc., companies already cover a number of industry headlines in the area of electronic circuits, and electronic materials operations are expected to create a second-growth curve for companies. (2) 25h1 companies collect $64 million for aluminium plastics camp, compared to 9.37 per cent for Māori.
We believe that, as semi-solid and solid battery applications accelerate, aluminium plastics are expected to rise. Investment advice: company photovoltaic operations are stable, industry bottom markets are rising, and companies are earning revenue.
In view of the decline in the price of the film products, we revised the profit forecast downward and promised to present this report independently and objectively with a diligent practice that clearly and accurately reflects my research view.
Yellow Lin, Beijing University, was a strong participant in Galaxy securities in July 2022. He worked for China Connect in the 5g trade. This report is made available to his clients by China Galaxy Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.