The company announced the mid-2022 performance report, which is expected to yield business income of $19.534 billion during the reporting period.
The company is a long-term, sustained, full-fledged and leading financial service provider for the Chinese securities industry.
Clients are central to the Chinese market, and the revival of the private and institutional equity markets in the second quarter of the reporting period is a central factor in the reduction in performance.
In the course of many years of innovation, the country’s equity market warmed back to “lower ground” the securities sector’s performance, resulting in a sharp fall in the company’s reported performance over the quarter.
Jun-Ann has gradually developed a culture of corporate excellence based on wind, and has become a “stabilizer” of China's capital markets with a narrowness of 20 pct. In the second quarter, the certificate index rose by 4.50 per cent, in the second quarter, in the fifth quarter, and in the third quarter, in the third quarter, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second half, in the second, in the second, in the second half, in the second, in the second half, in the second half, in the second, in the second half, in the second, in the second half, in the second, in the second.
By increasing synergy and integration between traditional retail brokering and wealth management, companies seek to “first-hand” in wealth management operations and quickly take over the market.
Thanks to the continued expansion of the efficient flow and investment of Kong Hongapp, the sales of corporate financial products and public funds have continued to grow, and the size of high-value and institutional clients has continued to grow. At the same time, the Department has built on the opportunities of full registration to develop, while steadily increasing the market share of the board.
In addition, the opportunity period for companies to seize off-site derivatives and bulk commodity futures has seen breakthroughs in scale and returns, and the gap between industry leaders has gradually narrowed.
Corporate capital operations continued during the reporting period, with the HAF holding over 40% of its shareholdings, actively embracing the development of the Fund. On 8 October 2021, the company board considered a concession of 15% of the HWF’s shareholdings at a transaction price of $1.812 billion.
The company already holds 43% of the assets of the HAF. Against the backdrop of the current industry’s aggressive transformation of wealth management, its embrace of the Fund’s development era, it is hoped that the HWF will again increase its shareholdings and join forces with the HWF to speed up the development of the wealth management business, while also obtaining more substantial equity returns.
The HWF, as one of the 10 old fund-raising funds, with its rich fund management experience and a large pool of fund investors, is expected to provide companies with useful fund management experience and high-quality and easy-to-mobility clients, which is an effective way to channel low-cost flows across the company's entire business chain, helping companies sell financial products,
The Fund has made breakthroughs in areas such as investment, securities management, and real improvements in wealth management, from “making money of scale to earning managed money” and “trading commission to investing in income.” Companies continue to speed up internationalization, and Macau Sun is about to land.
One of the domestic bond dealers, who have performed well overseas over the last 30 years, still has a certain gap with China-China and China-King-Kin overseas operations, with limited overseas placement as a constraint. The establishment of the Macao subsidiary by the subsidiary, Taijun-An International, will effectively expand the overseas business map, making it important for companies to operate overseas.
S1480190501 Added to this, it is hoped that the development of the Great Bay of Australasia and the rest of the South-East Asian economy in the port of Tolto will lead to the realization of the international investment proposal: the company, as the head of the industry, has for a long time given the impression that it is “better than it is,”
The company's 14-year-old rating has reached the aaa level, and the industry is right: but the lack of a flashlight has also made it more like a defensive shield, and there are differences in the perception of the securities industry's spears in the market, which has put the valuation under pressure for a long period of time. Since 2020, companies have been pushing for change from the operational level.
There has been a significant increase in marketization, pay adjustment and equity incentives, which have stimulated the enthusiasm of the workforce. While wealth management, capital, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, production management, “double punches” have been accompanied by innovative business such as derivatives, which have been stagnated by corporate resources, international operations, etc.
Developments are just as intense, and business structures are more optimal. So we have a firm view of the billion companies that continue to reform innovation and maintain a “recommended” rating. Currently, the company pb is only 0.97x, in an undervalued area, and it is recommended that the focus be on it.
Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-monetary financial research.
Two years of banking experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016; first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015; tenth Master of Economics in the Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2016; and joined East Hing Securities in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Dong-heung Securities Insight Report: Go ahead and try to break through without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.