Kyothai Junan (601211): Investment warmer, Gyotien 2022 reporting performance rating.
The company is a long-term, sustained, full-fledged and leading financial service provider for the Chinese securities industry.
Clients are central to the Chinese market, provide a variety of financial services to individuals and institutions, and establish a full range of businesses.
During many years of innovation, Khun-Aan has gradually developed a small decline in the number of companies that are well positioned to do so. The capital market performance in the first half of the year was less than that of the same period in 2021.
Culture has become the leader of China’s capital market in all its dimensions, with growth in business line income slowing to varying degrees, with net investment income increasing by 22.50 per cent, brokers, and leaders in science, technology and innovation in China’s securities industry.
In particular, the high base resulting from the Shanghai equity revaluation in the first quarter of 2021 effectively contributed to the rapid growth in the size of investment returns during the reporting period (111.6 per cent). The combined effect of the two factors was a significant reduction in the company’s medium-term performance over the quarter.
In terms of the company's business performance, the increase in market turnover has led to an increase in the size of the firm's agent business, but it has been affected by a further decline in the transaction commission rate, a contraction in brokering fees and commissions, a steady decline in equity operations and a decrease in the size of the company's business portfolio (10.4 per cent).
In the reporting period, companies actively promoted the distribution of public funds, and the size of the management assets of the country’s management agency was affected by the decline in short-term performance remuneration. But, with both wealth management and corporate operations, the related business indicators are stable. In wealth management operations, the first half of the year was at the same level as the market’s new fund.
In the event of a drop, the financial product was sold at $355.2 billion, an increase of 11.4 per cent; the financial product was kept at 2002 billion yuan per month, an increase of 11.8 per cent per month, and the supply of the product continued to be abundant. On the institutional front, the company continued to leverage its operational resources by efficiently matching its customer resources from both supply demand and supply demand.
The company’s capital has continued during the reporting period, with more than 40% of the stock held by the HFA, and is expected to increase in the future, with a transaction price of $1.812 billion. This transaction was registered as a business change in early June.
On May 24, 2022, the company’s board of directors considered approval for an era in which the company renewed its ownership of the HAF, hoping to achieve strong union with the HWF, speed up the development of wealth management operations and obtain a more substantial return on equity investment.
As one of the top ten public funds, with a wealth of fund management experience and a large pool of fund investors, it is hoped to provide companies with useful fund management experience and a high quality pool of off-the-shelf passengers, which is an effective way for companies to attract low-cost flows across the business chain, helping companies to sell financial products, fund clients, bonds.
There have been breakthroughs in areas such as business management, which have led to a real upgrading of wealth management “from making money of scale to making management money”, “from trading the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom to commissioning income”.
In addition, the company continues to accelerate its internationalization, and Macau Sun is about to land. The company, one of the first domestic bond dealers to go out of the sea, has done a great job overseas for nearly 30 years, but there is still a certain gap between Sino-China, China-Kinghai and China-Kinghai, where the overseas layout is limited.
The establishment of the Macao subsidiary, which will effectively expand the overseas business map and become an important complement to the overseas layout of the company's operations, is expected to build on the development of the regional economy of the Australasia Bay region and the region of Port-au-Prince, and the South-East Asian economy.
The company's rating has reached the aa level for 15 consecutive years, and the industry has been left to the right; but the lack of flash points has also made the company more like a defensive shield, and there are differences in the perception of the securities industry's spears in the market, which has put the valuation under pressure for a long time. Since 2020, the company has been pushing from the operational mechanisms.
Reforms, a marked increase in marketization, pay adjustment, and equity incentives inspire the enthusiasm of employees. While wealth management, asset management, “double punches” have been accompanied by innovative operations, such as derivatives, which have been slashed by corporate resources, international business development, and continued optimization of business structures.
Billion dollars, $16,679 million, maintain the recommended rating. The current company pb is only 0.93x, which is undervalued.
Eung Hing's In-depth Report: Re-investments and marginal performance improvements
Liu Jiayan, Bachelor of Arts, Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. First place in the 13th new wealth non-banking finance industry in 2015 and 14th new wealth non-banking finance bank in 2016
Industry's fourth team member; first in the silver and crystal ball finance industry for the ninth time in 2015; tenth in the crystal ball and silver finance industry, first in economics, 2016; and in East Hing securities in 2019. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.