High oil and gas exploration performance, short-term pressure on the refinery industry The record of the 22q3 battalion on 29 October 2022, with a decline in the performance of the ring. 2022q3, the company achieved operating income
\triangleright has risen in volume, and profits from oil and gas operations have increased significantly. (1) In terms of production, the first three quarters of 2022 \triangleright
The company produced 1,251 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 3.5 per cent in the same year. Of that amount, the company produced 677 million barrels of crude oil, an increase of 2.2 per cent in the same year; the production of 34.44.8 billion cubic feet of natural gas, an increase of 5.0 per cent in the same year.
3.3% long (4) In aggregate, 13,893.3 billion yuan in operating profits from oil, gas and new energy plates have been achieved, which is significant compared to the “reduced oil”, with short-term chemical industry performance under pressure. Companies continue to optimize their product structure, \triangleright
The Japan Institute of New Materials was set up to step up research and development of new materials for the chemical industry, and to increase the proportion of Chinese oil (601857.sh) semi-annually reported products in 2022, resulting in a marked increase in production of new materials.
Assessment: During the oil- and gas-high-spill era, the upstream poles increased their output by 3277, 3852 and 6.17 million tons respectively, while the total production of finished oils was 7.74 million tons, a decrease of 3.87 million tons, while the production of major chemicals increased by 1.73 million tons, of which ethylene, synthetic resin,
The announcement points: benefiting from the rise in oil prices, the company, in 2021, realized operating profits of $26,587 million in its refining operations, an increase of 32.1 per cent over the same period; the chemical industry was affected by the rise in raw material production and weaker downstream demand, with operating losses of $221 million.
The sales business is narrow. In the context of the local rebound of the epidemic and the rising cost of raw materials, the demand for finished oil \triangleright investment proposal: the company is a domestic oil and gas flagship, rich in upstream resources and complete downstream industrial chains.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective production, and accountability for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or opinions in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.