Audio Holdings (688036.ch): smartphones are back on the increase in volume, software services, etc. • Restatement of sound holding “buy-in” ratings: first, sound cellular traffic is back on track
This is largely due to the steady decline in global smartphone demand and output, and to the significant increase in the volume and share of traffic in Africa, India, Bangladesh, and other regions outside Africa. Second, the leveraging of sound transmissions has released profits.
With long pushes, sound revenues are growing well, and business rates are expected to grow from mobile platform-based Internet, chhatgpt, and so on, and are expected to increase revenue from software services. Currently, sounding has a 19.8x market rate in 2024, and we believe that the valuation is reasonable.
• Smartphones: Growing new and emerging regions, providing incremental space. In the second quarter of this year, soundings in Africa, South Asia, and elsewhere grew by 19%, 17%, and 75%, respectively, restoring good growth.
Newly, companies have been working for about two years in regions like Africa and India, Bangladesh, Latin America outside Pakistan, and Europe. These new regions are expected to continue to drive smartphones to deliver, and soundings have a more robust revenue base for software services.
The sound continues to plow local African music, browsers, news syndications, social media, online payments, etc. Internet operations. At the same time, medium-end high-end mobile phone sets in the audio section have access to ai. Companies will actively embrace chhatgpt and use it to improve office efficiency.
• Valuation: we use dcf valuations to value sound control shares. We use 2.8% • investment risk: overseas, especially in developing regions, for consumer electronics such as smartphones
The recovery has not been as strong as expected, and growth has been weak. Industry competition has increased again, player profit rates have been pressured, recovery has been slower than expected.
Pilgrim International's 3q23 performance outlook for audio holding shares discloses an increase in 3q23 performance:
Operating income: The company's disclosure of 3q23 operating income of around RMB 17.530 billion increased by the same amount of net profit: the company's disclosure of 3q23 belonging to the parent owner's net profit of RMB 1.780 billion. The main reason for the growth in performance during the period was the company's continued expansion of emerging markets and its push for product upgrading.
Overall output and sales revenue increased; at the same time, the Māori rate increased and corresponding Māori increased as a result of product structural upgrading and cost excellence. 3q23 performance outlook, taking into account the return of sound cellular output to growth track, operating leverage belts
We're using the dcf (discounted cashflow method) valuation method to value sound control. We're assuming sound control grew by 10% between 2028 and 2032.
Pilgrim and Silver International are optimistic and pessimistic scenarios.
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected
The recovery in demand for products from consumer electricity such as smartphones is higher than expected, especially in developing regions; the recovery in demand for sub-products is less than expected;
(b) The successful expansion of firms in some emerging countries outside Africa has led to a sustained increase in their new business inputs, which has hampered performance.
African market machines are switching smart machines faster than expected, driving the average unit price of sounding phones to continue to rise.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.