Construction materials: Sea conch cement (600585), assessment, environmental impact on limited production capacity, mitigation of remaining space 5 events
The company recently issued an announcement stating that in May, the company’s fully-owned subsidiary, the Copper Mahal Sea conch Cement Co. Ltd., received an emergency notice from the Copper Mahal Environmental Protection Agency and the Copper Mahal Port (Local Maritime) Authority on the immediate cessation of dock operations. The copper conch dock ceased operations in late May, and the copper conch conch ceased operations in late May.
Environmental policies have been implemented with unprecedented severity, or have increased the regional market supply gap. Companies, as industry leaders, are leading in the field of environmental equipment, technology, management, and operations.
In the face of rigid enforcement, continued high pressure on policy implementation and limited regional or other capacity for cement production will exacerbate regional market supply constraints and contribute to price stability in the light-season cement market. Temporary shutdowns have limited impact on company performance.
With 58% of the total annual clinker capacity, the company, depending on the size and layout of the company, met the normal production operations of the internal milling enterprise through the integrated deployment of clinker resources from other riverine production bases. Copper conch earned 3,751 million yuan in 2017, with net profit of 876 million yuan, respectively.
In 2017, the division generated 4.98% of its operating income and 5.52% of its net profits. A pro rata calculation affected the company in order to defuse the space.
State corporations, which are important agents of local economic development, have good public relations, and we believe that companies will work together with local governments to resolve the problems and restore the docks and the productive capacity involved. As industry leaders, depending on their size and layout, they are the top providers of supply-side reforms for the current round.