Gyan Eining's 1q performance exceeded expectations, and the cement industry operated in a high state, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
In the first quarter of 2018, the cement industry continued its high performance, with a steady increase in downstream demand, prices maintained its high performance, companies as industry leaders, profitable industry leaders, 1q performances, and “buy-in” investment proposals.
We maintain our previous judgement that corporate net profits are expected to reach $19.7 billion in 2018 and $19.7 billion in 2019, respectively, and that corporate performance will increase significantly in the first quarter: companies publish their 2018q1 financial statements and achieve operating dollars (net profit after deductions of $4.67 billion, y0y+200 per cent), with higher net profit growth after deductions being mainly due to departures.
Over the same period of the year, the company ' s performance was in line with the forecast for increases in equity investment.A performance analysis: the company ' s performance of 2018q1 increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, mainly because (1) the cement industry benefited from the positive effects of supply-side reforms, the industry maintained a high-growth cycle, and the price of cement sales was from the price of the cement market.
The product mix rose significantly last year at 4q, the price of q1 light season cement sales did not drop significantly this year compared to the end of last year, the average price of sales rose slightly, the company ' s profitability remained high, and the company ' s output was maintained during the reporting period.
The combined Māori ratio increased significantly by 12 percentage points to 41 per cent over the same period. (2) Corporate cost-side controls Agency investors as a proportion of the share in circulation a Cement sales increased slightly and sales averages increased significantly: q1 sold cement clinker 5971 in 2018
Tens of thousands of tons, yoy+0.76%, clearly above the industry average. The average price for the sale of tons of cement products is $314. For the future: we judge that the current national investment and new start-up are still at a high rate, providing a strong support for the steady growth of demand in the cement market, while supply side reforms will continue to deepen and overlap.
The impact of measures such as the faulty production restrictions and environmental protection is still on, with no additional production capacity in the east and centre of the year, and it is expected that the overall high-growth cycle in the cement industry will continue, market concentration will increase steadily, companies will be leading the industry, and future performance growth will be more certain.
The same rate of increase will return to a stable growth zone, with profit projections: we maintain our previous judgement that the company ' s net profits in 2018 and 2019 will be expected to be based on the expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.