The carbonated silicon field continues to function, with a successful launch of a 6-inch double-snipe, and the carbonated silicon extension equipment & 8-inch liner is about to be produced in a small batch.
Research assistant Liu Xiaowu Keyword: # Second Curve Event: February 4th, company's micro-message release, successful launch of the 6-inch double-film
Carbonated silicon extension equipment, coupled with a small-volume production of 8 inches lined negatives at 2023q2.  extension equipment has been successfully replaced by national production, with the largest share in the domestic city of crystallization power: in the past, silicon carbonated extension equipment was dominated by Italian lpe, German aixtron and Japan.
Nuflare has a monopoly, but the production capacity of foreign leaders is seriously inadequate, and the Nuflare production capacity is largely available to the United States, with about 30 production units per year, limited capacity, and aixtron is currently not fully integrated into the domestic supply chain due to equipment stability problems.
Silicon outreach equipment (single device, model 150a, capacity 350-400 units) has been replaced by national production, with companies accounting for the highest rate of out-of-date equipment in 2022.  Successful release of dual-size extension equipment, significantly reducing client operating costs: recently released new products
Two years of research, testing and certification (two pieces of equipment, model 150d, 600-650 units) have achieved an international lead in terms of extra-extension capacity, operating costs, etc., with a 70 per cent increase in single-desk capacity for new equipment and a 30 per cent reduction in single-discrete operating costs compared to one-size equipment.
The following is expected to be followed by the release of 6/8 inches of compatible exterior equipment, as well as a large output extension for vertical inflated gas 8 inches of 2023q2 carbonated silicon liners, which is about to achieve a more difficult magnification: the company started carbonated silicon layout in 2017 and has now produced 6 inches of crystals and crystals.
Some clients have been sampled and certified. In 2020, the 8-inch lined negative was developed, and after a year of research and development, the industry's leading 8-inch carbonated silicon crystal was successfully developed and completed 6-inch crystals.
8 inches of magnification and mass rotation, 8 inches of polishing, crystal performance parameters, performance evaluation: Glow & Semiconductor + set equal to 6 inches of crystal, with small mass production in the second quarter of this year. The company achieves crystals, threads.
Autonomous production on cutting, inverting, thinning, polishing equipment ensures supply chain security, and a platform-based layout of the technology & materials enters the harvest with a 6-8 inch switch. At the end of the sale, the company has formed with the clienta.
At the end of the energy cycle, the company plans to build 400,000 videos of more than 6 inches of electricity per year in Hingxia Silvergawa.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals, the second curve is semiconductor equipment, and the third curve is full of photovoltaic and semiconductor consumables and carbonated silicon materials.