2022: Performance meets expectations, platform Xiaowu, Research Assistant
Keywords: #performance meets expectations # Second Curve Event: Companies issue 2022 performance reports.  Photovolt: Monocrylic stoves benefit from downstream expansion & technology overlaps, and waste materials are bright: (1) Monocrylic furnaces:
In the short term, looking at monocrystal state of advanced production, we expect a sharp fall in the price of silicon in 2023-2024, an increase in the cost of silicon non-silicon, an increase in the power of silicone technology, and a further increase in the competitiveness of the silicone state of advanced production in monocrystals.
The volume requirements are even higher, and it is hoped that a new round of technology will be promoted. (2) Stone: Ningxia Base plans 160,000 a year, of which 48,000 are already in production, two are about to go into production, and three are not ruled out by the possibility of subsequent expansion.
The company has passed 25,000 dollars, and the city is expected to have 30% + in 23 years. (3) Golden Steel: In order to improve the reliability of cutter products & achieve differentiated competition, Krypsum has actively promoted the expansion of gold-gold line capacity, completed construction at the end of 2022, and is expected to be phased out in 2023.
Domestic clients have made relevant docking and layouts, developed customized processes, and currently have equipment singlegw values of about $100 million.  Semiconductor: accelerated release of carbonated silicon extenuating equipment, 8 inches of silicon lined film batch 2023q2
Transistor Power (300316): Carbon silicon collar mass: (1) Carbon silicon extension equipment: 3 billion of the target order for 2022 has been achieved (mostly half-conducted continuous field activity, successful release of 6 inches)
We think there will be a significant increase in carbonated silicon extension equipment in 2023.
The market for carbonated silicon-extension equipment has reached the highest level in the country, with hundreds of millions of orders expected to be delivered in 2023. (2) Carbon-silicon liners: the company has grown 8 inches of crystals and will now produce small quantities in the second quarter of this year.
It will be given priority each year to provide it with a total of not less than 230,000 carbon silicon liners; and the energy-producing power-producing Silica-Silica-Silica-Silica-Silicon-Silent-Silent-Silent-Silicon-Silent-Silent-Silicon-Silent-Silent-Silent-Silicon-Silicon-Silent-Silent-Silent-Silent-Silent-Silver-Silent-Silent-Silicon-Silent-Silent-Silent-Silent-Silent-Silent-Silent-Silicon-Silicon-Silver-Silent-Silver-Silicon-Silent-Silent-Silicon-Silicon-Silent-Silent-Silent-Silicon-Silver-Silicon-Silent-Sille-Sillelele-Sillecelemb-Silium-Silium-Silium-Silium-Silium-Silance-Silver-Sur-Sur-Sur-Sur-Sur-Sur-Sur-Sur-Sur-Sur-Sur-Sur-Sur-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
Performance forecast: Photovoltaic & Semiconductor + Setting  Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve in crystals, and the second curve is the semi-premise & material platform-based layout enters the harvest
The third curve is the full amount of light-volatile and semiconductor-conforming materials. We, Tung Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already have a securities investment advisory.