Performance forecast for 2022: Platform-based layout of photovoltaic & semiconductor plus equipment & materials into harvest period
Keywords: # Second Curve Event: Companies issue a performance forecast for 2022.
• Photovoltaic: monocrystal furnaces benefit from downstream expansion & technological overlaps, and the material is bright: (1) monocrystal furnaces: in the short term, the advanced production of monocrystals is in a state of tight balance, and we expect silicon tablets to grow at an average annual rate of about 120-150gw, with the current large-size advanced monocrystal production capacity of about 300gw;
The price of silicon material fell sharply in 2023, the cost of silicon non-silicon was higher, the technology of silicon mills increased, and the competitiveness of the advanced production of single-crystal furnaces increased further. In the long run, with the further increase in the efficiency of photovoltaic conversion, the demand for silicon impurities was higher, and it was expected that in 2025, the amount of impurities would be higher.
To promote a new round of technology. (2) Stone: The Ningxia base plans 160,000 a year, of which 48,000 are already in production, two are about to go into production, and three are planning without excluding the possibility of subsequent expansion. (3) Goldenline: to improve the reliability of cutter products & to achieve differentiation
Competing, Jing Sheng actively promoted the expansion of the production capacity of the Golden Line, completed construction at the end of 2022, and we, Crystal Gear (300316), projected to be phased out in 2023 in 2022 and to complete the turnovers with the new technology of the Tungsten Line.
Quarterly review: performance bias ceiling, q3  semiconductor: platform layout is progressing well and silicon extenuating equipment accelerated: (1) large silicon pieces are still high.
Equipment: The order is characterized by a small number of single-body orders, but the larger number of items of equipment, such as crystals, grinding, inverted, thinning, etc., is the result of a larger number of items, with high barriers and long-term stabilization of orders once they enter a positive cycle. (2) Carbonated silicon extension equipment: technical principles for extended equipment
"Crystal Power" (300316): 2022 years ago, it looked like a long crystal device, essentially a build-up of analogue experimental data, and the company built up three-quarter performance forecasts using long crystal technology: q3 performance.
The layout extension equipment, which has now been sold in bulk, will be rolled out with a six-inch double-carbled silicon extension, and a long-crystal long-term platform will continue with the new equipment. The company will catch on to alternative opportunities for national production, and the carbonated silicon extension will be expected to accelerate its release.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals, the second curve is semiconductor equipment, and the third curve is full of photovoltaic and semiconductor consumables and carbonated silicon materials.