Researchchand developmentcenter with strong and strong cdmo.
— Pharmacy 603259, company review report 1. Sustained high performance, sustained empowerment of integrated platforms, robust performance, and strong cdmo champions.
The company published three quarterly reports for 2021: business income was 16,521 million yuan in the first three quarters, i.e. + 39.84 per cent in the previous three quarters, net profit to the mother was 3,562 million yuan, i.e. + 50.41 per cent in the same year, net profit to the parent after deduction + 55.7 per cent, net operating cash flow to the company was 3,181 million yuan, i.e. + 31.33 per cent in the same three quarters.
In the first three quarters of 2021, the Māori rate was \triangleright.
\triangleright \triangleright 3 quarters, more than 1,300 new clients and more than 5640 active clients, of which $14.190 billion, or 85.9%, was generated by clients using multiple sub-services, compared to 40%, integrated layout
By the end of the reporting period, the company had a global workforce of 33305, of which 30618, or as high as 91.9 per cent, were science and technology technicians, providing integrated services to global customers, combined competitiveness and driving long-term robust performance.
Reorganization of the business to continuously optimize the “end-to-end” capability and enhance its efficiency.
Most of them have further built on internal flows and are expected to continue to increase operational efficiency and improve service quality. 1) wuxichemistry section: revenues of $10.80 billion were achieved in the previous three quarters, compared to 47.5 per cent, with small analytical drug discovery services/cdmo services income, respectively
A total of 1,548 molecules (37 commercialized, 47 clinically iiii, 235 clinical years o3), the company completed the acquisition of the Swiss Kuwe agent production base and the land of the United States of America in Delaware, increasing capacity and expanding capacity for globalization.
Sinda Securities Inc. 2) wuxitesting block: revenue of $3.34 billion in the first three quarters, +43.9 per cent in the same year, its cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Central laboratory analytical tests/clinical cro and smo services earned 21.3.12.00 billion, cumulatively over 200 clinical cro services, and Smo operations remained industry first.
In the first three quarters, 1.24 billion yuan was achieved, compared to 33.2 per cent, with more than 1,100 clients. Four centres of excellence have been set up to identify biology.
Over 2,000 scientists; in terms of the new molecule type, macromolecular biopharmaceuticals and new technology new energy earned +56 per cent, up to 13.3 per cent; and in terms of the dna coded compound library service, the number of del compound molecules exceeded the cumulative 90 billion.
4) wuxiatu section: The first three quarters recorded revenues of 740 million yuan, or 5.2 per cent, of which US District Operations remain affected by the epidemic, with revenue from China District being offset by revenues of +187 per cent. At the end of the reporting period, the plate provided testing services for 326 projects and 61 projects.
Process development and production services (45 pre-clinical + clinical i, 6 ii, 10 iii) The Shanghai port base became operational in October and served global clients together with three other production bases.
5) wuxiddsu: The first three quarters generated 930 million yuan, compared to 16.4 per cent, the first ind declaration, 103 clinical trial batches and 99 projects in the clinical trial sequence. In the first three quarters, the company completed 16 ind declarations and obtained 12 clinical trial approvals
Risk factors: Increased industry competition, domestic and international policies, loss of core technical staff, etc. \triangleright Jo Yayun, team member, M.A. in Chemistry, Xian Transport University, 2021, joined the Sinda Portfolio, formerly employed as a Cdmo, Medical Dismantling
Lee Yuen, member of the team, Doctor of Medicine, Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences. Five years of practical work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He worked in BioMerière, Baker Mankulte (Danah Group) with a great deal of practical experience. He joined the Sindha Securities in July 2021, in charge of the research of medical instruments, and was a brilliant member of the team, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai University of Transport, who worked in the clinical co-works at ppctaz and paraexel, 2021 plus.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-approved securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.