Performance of Pharmacy Mind (603259.ch/2359.hk) 3q21: High growth in core business, accelerated capital spending 3q21 performance in line with market expectations, net profit/deduction from non-mother ' s net profit/adjusted
The renminbi, with strong growth in performance. Strong demand for corporate orders, with a larger increase in productive capacity over the next three years, is expected to accelerate investment in 4q21 capital spending. We maintain the drug without a positive impact on the Māori rate.
For the first time in the period, the company demonstrated its 3q21 performance: 1) chemical operations (wuxichemistry) to maintain a high profile, but the growth of the five core business portfolios remains constant.
The income of 3q21 increased by 33.3 per cent to 3.65 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, of which cdmo increased by 32 per cent and cdmo increased the number of molecules to 1548, of which 37/47 were commercialized/clinical iii projects, and the company started in July and presented the Swiss Kuway plant.
Current operations also performed well, with revenue rising by 37 per cent over the same period; 2) test operations (wuxitting) revenue increased by 37.4 per cent to $1.22 billion over the same year, with laboratory analysis and testing increasing by 42 per cent to 4,500 over the same period; 3) biology operations (wuxi) increased by 42 per cent over the same year.
Biology's income increased by 22.4 per cent to $50 million on a year-on-year basis, with macromolecular biopharmaceuticals and new drug Mingkund (2359.hk) technology-related income rising by 56 per cent on a year-on-year basis; 4) cell and gene therapy ctdmo operations (wuxi)
(atu) Income increased by 14.7 per cent to 280 million yuan over the year, but one to three q income remained 5.2 per cent over the same year.
The revenue of the National Department of New Pharmacy Research and Development Services (Wuxiddsu) increased by 10.5 per cent to 310 million yuan on average as at March, with 16 ind projects declared completed during the period and one project in the pipeline at present.
91x and 71xpe for 2022e/23e, average valuation compared to industry at the top of the industry
As of October 29th, the prices have been collected by Pilgrim International, Spob International, Spob International.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.