Sunshine Power (300274) Annual Review - Photovoltaic Inverters continue to run and storage operations are growing rapidly Events: Companies issued their annual report for 2018. During the reporting period, Business Inverters continued to lead the market and the overseas market grew significantly. Sunshine continued to do so in 2018.
The global inverter market, with global output of 16.7gw, increased by 1.2 per cent from the same year, with domestic output of 11.9gw, down 9.8 per cent from the same year, and foreign inflow of 4.8gw, up 45.5 per cent from the same year. From 2015, the company’s photovoltaic inverter was the world’s first in a row for many years.
By the end of the year, corporate reverse equipment had accumulated more than 79gw worldwide. In addition, in July 2018, solar light power was officially launched at a photovoltaic reverse transformer manufacturing base in Bangalore, India, with an annual capacity of 3gw, signalling a new business in India and the entire overseas market.
Integration of power station systems has grown steadily, with PV runners and poverty alleviation projects. During the reporting period, the 12-month maximum/minimum company power station systems integration operations have also increased considerably, with revenues of $5.86 billion, a year-on-year increase.
25.7%, playing an active role as a model in the country's focused pilot plan, photovoltaic poverty alleviation. In the leader project, the company was involved in the 500mw photovolt project for the Qinghaigar Wood, the application of the “leader” base, the 40mw fishing facility of the Pond Co-ordinated Photovoltaic Power.
In 2018, in the field of poverty alleviation, the company worked in Anhui, Shandong, Shanxi, Inner Mongolia,
The largest single-body project is Sichuan Pug 60mw, and the company is involved in the 100mw wind power generation project in Giano County.
In 2018, companies actively expanded their overseas markets, growing nearly five times as much as they did, and continued to do so at a high rate. The company’s energy-storage products and systems are now widely used in China, the United States, Germany, Japan.
More than 720 storage energy projects around the world, such as Ben, the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, Spain, India, Thailand, Cambodia, South Sudan, and the Maldives, are expected to become increasingly functional and value-for-money in the future as price parity approaches.
Investment Recommendations: The company is the leader of the domestic light-volatile retroversion, the market is strong, the product performance is high, and as the price of light-volatile parity approaches, the future will be marked by an increase in the company's market position and performance.
Billion dollars, equivalent to eps 0.69, 0.94 and 1.15 dollars/units, equal to p17, 12 and 10 times.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.