Sunshine Power (300274.sz) reports 18 years of storage and overseas operations, 19 years of growth in the quarterly report, down by 2.40 pct and 3.53 pct, respectively.
Reversers are heavily influenced by the domestic market, and the runners and pro-poor power station systems are integrated into negative market growth. For five consecutive years, companies have maintained a global lead in the delivery of their reverses, with global shipments of 16.7gw, an increase of 1.2% over the same year, with domestic shipments of 11.9gw, influenced by 531 policies, falling by 9.8% over the same year, and companies making dozens of shifts in their business year.
A sales strategy to strengthen the promotion of overseas markets has resulted in a 45.5 per cent increase in the volume of foreign exports throughout the year, with electricity-conversion equipment, such as photovoltaic reverse transformers, earning 3,685 million yuan, a 3.14 per cent decline in the same year, and Māori 32.43 per cent. System integration operations have benefited from intensive farming under the pilot scheme in place and from projects aimed at reducing the poverty from the wind.
The 500mw “runner” base project in Qinghaigar is currently the largest single-time project in the country, with the lowest electricity price ever recorded in China's photovoltaic bidding history and below the local price of 0.31 yuan/kwh for devulcanized coal.
The policy delay affected a quarter ' s performance, the savings were robust, the second half of the year went into the boom, and the year ended without worries: one quarter was a light season in the photovoltaic industry, with a delay in the introduction of domestic policies, limited demand and a fall in the performance of the quarter. In 2018, the company ' s savings system generated $383 million, an increase of 495 per cent, and the company had already stocked a large number of projects.
Photovoltaic flat prices and storage energy projects, which guarantee the integration of power station systems. With the introduction of photovoltaic policies in the second quarter and the build-up of demand in overseas markets, corporate operations will be on the rise in the second half of the year and, according to bnef projections, the global load in 2019 will be about 130-140gw, and the company will be on the run as a reverse changer in the second half of the year.
We continue to maintain the company's “carefully recommended” investment rating in view of the expected improvement in the current photovoltaic policy. Broadly evidence the SUN - third-quarter review - comprehensive Māori rate
Maintaining stability, policy warmth, corporate valuation repair, wide evidence of a lifetime of solar power, semi-annual reviews, operating cash flow, and the impact of a new glimmer of light is beginning to appear at 20188020.
Appendix: Financial statement forecasts Shareholders ' interest attributed to the parent company
A review of Sunshine Power Sources (300274.sz) Presentation by a wide-ranging team of new energy sources for Helium Power Devices: Pan Yongla: Master of Finance, Xiamen University, eight years of portfolio research experience, covering mainly engineering and electrical equipment.
Xu Wai: Master of Technology, Zhejiang University, two years of portfolio research experience, covering mainly new energy sources for power generation. Li Xiaohowo, Master of Space Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, one year of portfolio research experience, covering mainly new energy vehicles.