Short-term pressure on performance, high-speed expansion of storage operations, flood, Sunkwan.
The company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019. It is expected to achieve a net return in the first quarter of 2019.
In 2018, the company achieved an operating income of 30.85 points for electrical appliance equipment, such as photovoltaic inverters, mainly as a result of a sharp fall in the price of the “5.31” post-PV industrial chain.
In terms of volume, the company continues to lead the global inverter market. In 2018, Cao In-hyun's output was 16.7gw, an increase of 1.2 per cent, with 11.9gw domestic output, the same figure.
Reverse equipment has accumulated more than 79gw worldwide, and storage power has grown rapidly, actively expanding overseas markets, and companies have the world's leading new energy power switching technology and rely on the world's first-class lithium.
Battery technology, which currently provides storage reversibles with single-power power of 5-2500kw, lithium batteries, energy management systems, etc., with a range of advanced system solutions, such as support to new energy grids, power FM peaks, demand side responses, microgrids, commerce and industry, and household use
Business Māori rate is 28.98%. Currently, the company ' s energy storage products and systems are widely used in more than 720 globally, including in China, the United States, Germany, Japan, the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, Spain, India, Thailand, Cambodia, South Sudan and Maldives.
The size of the installation of the additional electrical and chemical storage project is 2.66gw, an increase of 185 per cent over the same period, and the company, as the lead provider of the storage system, will benefit significantly from the opportunities for rapid industrial development.
In 2018, the company integrated power station system also registered a significant increase in revenue of $5.86 billion, a 25.7 per cent increase compared to the previous year; the Māori business rate of 19.04 per cent, a 3.20 percentage point increase compared to the previous year. The company played an active leading role in the country ' s focus on pilot initiative, photovoltaic poverty alleviation.
We expect that in 2019, with the outbreak of overseas demand, the photovoltaic sector will return to warmer and faster pricing processes will accelerate, and companies will be expected to do more. Over the next six months, the company will be maintained “with less demand than expected in the photovoltaic sector, more prices will fall than expected, and industrial policies will be adjusted.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.