For the first time, the domestic recovery and overseas expansion of the Quantico bus, leading the Chinese industry, were the first-ever passenger-selling companies in the industry.
The company is the car company with the highest volume of passenger sales in the industry, a product application that covers public transport, passenger transport, tourism, groups, school buses, and special travel. The number of passenger cars sold with the industry peaked at 71,000 in 2016 and 63,000 in the middle;
In 2022, 30 million vehicles fell to the bottom of the valley, with a total of 24,000 in the middle, with the highest volume of sales compared to the industry cycle and the main competitor having a better distribution structure than the main competitor, with the rate rising from 26 per cent to 30 per cent in the middle of the Golden Dragonbus.
The number of passenger cars rose from 8 to 12 per cent, the number of passenger cars in Ancé from 3 per cent, the price of the company as compared with the trend of Deep 300 rises to 4 per cent, and the leading advantage of the city was further expanded.
In 2023, the number of passengers in the bus was 87%, the volume of light passenger sales was 13%, the distribution structure was better than the recovery of the main competition against the domestic market cycle, and there was wide scope for overseas exports.
The domestic bus market as a whole is in the start-up phase of a cycle of recovery, in which the public transport market, with its old policy of a new deal, will contribute to the recovery of the domestic bus; domestic tourism demand will continue to thrive, and the tourist bus market will continue to grow. The overseas market is wide-ranging, based on data from Marklines.
At the same time, the global penetration rate of electric buses is only 3%, with greater potential for space upgrading. • There are significant advantages in the number and quality of channels, and technological advantages increase the value added of products
In terms of sales, direct sales are the dominant market, the distribution model is complementary, the number of sales workers is significantly higher than the number of competitors and the number of sales workers is higher. The network of product services and accessories is expanding and the service model is constantly expanding.
At the same time, taking advantage of its technological advantages in electricization, intellectual networking, high-end, light-quantified, high-end series of products across the board, optimizing product marketing structures, raising product prices, the Chinese passenger-car cycle recovery and the trend towards electricization of passenger vehicles abroad, will provide opportunities to travel to the sea.
Effectively driving the sale of company bus products, the expected rapid growth in gross operating income in 2024-2026 and overseas sales, respectively, should enjoy a certain value premium, which should be covered for the first time, giving domestic buses a less effective policy of renewal than expected.
The price of raw materials fluctuates significantly. If the price of raw materials fluctuates significantly, it will affect the profitability of companies and international political tensions that result in less than expected export sales.
The process of electricization of buses is moving into a fast-growing phase, but tensions in overseas relations can easily shape the export of one major medium-sized passenger vehicle, which is the bus company with the largest volume of passenger sales in the industry.
The application covers the segmented markets of public transport, passenger transport, tourism, groups, school buses, and exclusive travel, with products dominated by medium-sized buses, which meet the market demand for the different metres of 5 to 18 metres, while large- and medium-sized passenger vehicles are among the most sold in the industry. In 2003, China’s number one consumer in the world, and in 2011 it was the largest in the world.
Corporate development is centred on technological innovation, the constant introduction of diversified products, the use of technological and industrial chain advantages to lead global customers, a clear and stable equity structure, and management holdings to reduce agency costs. As of June 2024, the company was effectively controlled by the chairman of the board of directors, Tang Yuxiang, who had been in the company for 31 years and had extensive experience in managing the company.
A total of 41.65 per cent of the shares were held in 37.70 per cent of the shares, indirectly through the lion's car. In 2003, the Woo-tung passenger vehicle passed through mbo, the equity structure shifted from state-owned holdings to indirect holdings by major shareholders, and since then the company's management has had considerable experience with corporate management and strategic decision-making has been effective in a timely manner.
In the context of changing opportunities in the industry, management has always been able to use a strategic vision to achieve a smooth forward-looking layout. For example, in 1999, a first pure electric bus was developed, a new energy bus was industrialized, and a bus was captured from 2010 to 2016.
Motivated tides, which led to the emergence of leading companies in the area of new energy buses; school bus research was launched in 2005 and successfully seized the market before the new regulations on school buses were issued in 2012.
Figure 2 Corporate equity structure 1.2 Business analysis: Central and Central passenger markets are the highest in the industry, and during the new cycle the sales of Utopia buses have changed in tandem with the industry cycle, and the share of the city continues to rise.
In 2016, the Chinese bus industry experienced a full cycle of turnover, with a peak of 170,000 in 2016 and 83,000 at the bottom of the valley in 2022. The industry’s peak of 71,000 in 2016 and 63,000 in 2022.
The number of cars dropped to the bottom of the valley is 30 million, with 24,000 in the middle. The number of customers in the middle of the company is steady at the top of the industry, and the number one in the new category is expanding further, compared to the competition, and the number one in the middle of the typographic bus is growing.
A peak of 38,000 vehicles were sold in 2015, falling to 17,000 in 2020. The average number of buses sold in 2016-2023 was 9,200. The average number sold in 2015-2023 was 3900, a significant difference from the head of the company. In terms of market share, the market share was 36% in 2023, 2024 m1-8.
The percentage of passengers in the Golden Dragonbus has risen from 26% to 30%, the percentage of passengers in the Middle and Middle Cars has risen from 8% to 12%, and the percentage of passengers in the Ancé Bus has increased from 3% to 4%.
Figure 7 Medium-to-medium passenger sales by major bus enterprises (in thousands) Figure 8 Changes in the market share of domestic bus enterprises (in per cent)
In 2023, the number of passengers sold in the bus was 87%, the volume sold in the car was 13%, and the distribution structure was better than that of the major competitors. Of these, only 54% were sold in the car and 46% were sold in the car; and the number of passengers sold in the bus industry was raised by 8 pp, and the distribution structure improved significantly.
Figure 10 Changes in the structure of passenger sales (%) Figure 92023 Medium and Medium passenger sales structure of domestic car companies (%) 21% of new energy models in the total annual bus sales structure of Wootoon, and 20% of new energy sources in large and medium passenger vehicles
The main competitors are: the total passenger vehicle structure of the Golden Dragon has 35% of new energy. The share of new energy in the medium-sized passenger vehicle type is 34%. Accordingly, the overall share of new energy in the medium-sized passenger vehicle and new energy in the medium-sized passenger vehicle is 29% and 27%, respectively. The overall share of new energy in the Ankay passenger vehicle is 35% and 28%, respectively.
The weight of the volume structure is 14% and 69%, respectively, compared to the Bialdi bus, which is a new energy model. In the use distribution structure, the share of Utun seats is predominant, while the share of buses is not high. In 2023, the overall distribution structure of Utun was 62%, while the share of buses was 23%, and the share of school buses was 6%.
In the structure of bus sales, 69% of passenger seats, 24% of bus buses, 5% of school buses, and the distribution structure is better than that of competitors. The Golden Dragon bus is 56% of passenger cars, 41% of bus cars, 3% of school buses, 56% of passenger buses, 37% of bus buses, 7% of school buses, and both Fukuda and Biadi are public.
The bulk of passenger vehicles, 73 per cent and 100 per cent, respectively. Figure 14 Medium-sized passenger sales structure of major vehicle enterprises (in %) Figure 13 Distribution structure of major vehicle enterprises by purpose (in %)
In the regional distribution structure, the share of Utun passenger vehicles is dominated and exports are increasing. In the overall sales structure of Utong in 2023, exports accounted for 28 per cent and internal sales 72 per cent, while the share of large-scale customers is 32 per cent, while the share of exports is 68 per cent and the share of exports is lower than that of major competitors.
In terms of export trends, there has been a steady increase, from 24 to 34 per cent.
Figure 17 Trends in the marketing structure of the Grand-Toon area (in %) Figure 182024m1-7 ton-to-Ton area (in %) Changes in the marketing structure of the Grand-Toon area (in %)
In the structure, 75% of passenger seats, 14% of buses, 8% of school buses, and 3% of other buses. In line with changes in industry demand, the trend in intra-company sales structure shows that the share of passenger seats and other buses continues to rise, and the share of bus and bus traffic continues to shrink.
In the fuel structure for large- and medium-sized passenger cars, which are dominated by traditional sources of energy, the share of new passenger vehicles is higher.
In the 5-woot passenger-export structure, 81% of the conventional fuel-type and 19% of the new energy-type are in the lead. Of these, 15% of the new energy-type and 85% of the new fuel-type are in the Golden Dragon; 3% of the new energy-type are in the medium-sized passenger vehicles and 97% of the new fuel-type are in the traditional-fuel-type vehicles; and 97% of the new energy-type are in the Fukuda bus.
18 per cent, compared to 82 per cent of the conventional fuel pattern. Chart 21 shows the energy structure for passenger and passenger exports (in %) in the regional structure for passenger vehicle exports, the CIS is the largest region for the Henan passenger and vehicle enterprises and Europe is the most important region in the asp region.
The first largest export area for bus companies in Henan Province, represented by the Uttarbus, was the CIS country, with high demand in the Russian city in 2023 increasing by about 4280 vehicles, with exports of $838,000 per vehicle. Africa was the second largest export region, with exports of $940 million per vehicle. The Middle East was the fourth largest export region, with exports of 1318 vehicles and exports of asp.
85.40 million yuan per vehicle. Driven by the high value added of electric passenger vehicles, the volume of passenger vehicles exported from Europe and Oceania was relatively low, with 572 and 290, respectively, in 2023, and the value of exports amounted to R$ 209.2 and R$826,000, respectively.
From the national point of view, Russia is the country with the largest exports of passenger-car enterprises in Henan. Among exporting countries, Russia is the largest market for exports of passenger-car enterprises in Henan, with exports of 1996 in 2023, 20%, and exports of asp598,000 yuan/cars. Kazakhstan is the second largest country for exports, with exports of 1,439 vehicles in 2023, 14%, and exports of asp
Saudi Arabia is the third largest exporter, with 1,049 vehicles in 2023, representing 11 per cent of exports and asp9.18 million in exports. Uzbekistan is also an important exporter of Henan bus enterprises, with 786 vehicles in 2023, 8 per cent of exports and asp.1376 million in exports.
Figure 252023 Top 10 countries for the export of passenger vehicles in Henan Provinceasp (in thousands of yuan/figure 242023, top ten countries for the export of passenger vehicles in Henan Province (in vehicles, per cent) Among new energy passenger vehicle exports, Europe is the first largest market for Henan passenger vehicle enterprises and the Middle East is the newest market in the region.
Latin America is the second largest export market, with 444 in 2023 and asp1.92 million in exports. CIS countries are the third largest export market, with 442 in 2023 and asp1.97 million in exports. Oceania and the Middle East are 46 and 8 in exports and asp 184.4 and 24.47 million in exports, respectively.
Figure 26 New energy passenger vehicle export area in Henan province (in units of one) Chart 27 Difference in new energy passenger vehicle export in Henan province (in units of 10,000 yuan/car) Nationally, Uzbekistan is the first country to export new energy passenger vehicle in Henan province.
In 2023, Chile was the second largest country to export new energy passenger vehicles, 241 of which accounted for 17 per cent of exports and asp.1675 million of which were exported. The demand for new energy passenger vehicles in Denmark and Mexico was closely followed by a total of 127 in 2023, with exports accounting for 9 per cent of exports and an export score of asp.
In addition, among the European countries, the United Kingdom, Poland, Finland, and Norway are important countries for the export of new energy buses in Henan.
Figure 29 Top 10 countries in Henan Province for new energy passenger vehicles exportsasp (in thousands) 1.3 financial analysis: the ratio of overseas revenue is nearly half, price factors change.
The changes in revenue collection are consistent with the volatility of sales, and the share of overseas revenues has increased from 4 to 43%, and exports have become corporate collections that have driven the share. Insufficient capacity in overseas markets is the basis for long-term upturns in exports.
Figure 30: Trends in revenue and sales of buses (in billions of dollars, one vehicle) Figure 31: Revenue structure of buses (in per cent) Figure 32: Changes in passenger vehicles (in thousands)
Figure 33: Increase in revenue and sales (in %) The overall Māori ratio of UTV in the next cycle has undergone a price conversion. The change in Māori rates of UTV has been synchronized with sales in 2009-09 due to modest changes in domestic and export prices.
While the demand for Chinese automobiles has increased rapidly and export prices have risen significantly, the Māori rate has been pushed back by a significant drop in sales due to a low export share. The rapid rise in export prices was a determining factor in the change in Māori ratio in 2021-2023, provided domestic prices have stabilized and export earnings have increased significantly.
Figure 34 Association of Māori rates and sales (in: one, per cent) Chart 35 Māori rates and prices (in thousands of yuan/vehicles, per cent)
The price relationship between the volume of goods sold is basically the same, leading to a change in the Māori rate and a change in the price of the Māori rate. But after 2022, the difference between the volume price and the battery cost has been influenced by a number of factors. Domestic sales fell sharply in 2022, but the country ' s withdrawal boosted domestic demand by raising the price of its products and driving the Māori rate back.
The lower cost of batteries and the improved marketing structure have led to a sustained increase in the Māori rate. Figure 36: Changes in Māori rates and sales (in %) and prices (in %), Figure 37: Māori rates and prices (in %, in thousands/vehicles)
With the exception of a small decline in exports in 2019, where prices led to an increase in Māori rates, sales were consistent with changes in Māori rates in other years. With the trend of rising prices of exports in 2020-2023, battery growth led to a decline in Māori exports.
Figure 38: Changes in the Māori rate and sales of Uttar Pradesh passenger vehicles (in %, one) Figure 39: Mäori rate and price changes in Utun exports (in %, 10,000 yuan/vehicles)
However, the impact of the R&D rates on the rates for the period is even more significant. Compared to the major bus companies, the overall rate for the bus, which is the largest in volume, is moderate and lower than that for the Ancé bus, which is roughly the same as that for the medium bus but higher than that for the Golden Dragonbus.
Figure 41 Changes in rates over the period of the main car establishment (in %) The profit margin of the bus is in the lead in the bus industry and is in the accelerated recovery phase. Except for the year 2022, the price of the product rose significantly in 2009 - 2009, offsetting the impact of the drop in sales and dragging the net profit up.
The net interest rate of the company has been rising faster than it was in 2019 before the outbreak. Compared to the main competitor, the Wootton bus has a clear lead in net interest rate levels, thanks to the market position of the first-largest passenger sales, and earlier in the bottom reverse node.
Industry analysis: Domestic mid-cycle recovery, overseas electricization 2.1 Domestic mid-market analysis: start-up phase of cyclical recovery Domestic bus start-up at current point. Bus have tob/g attributes and purchase
The cost is larger than the cost of tco, and policy subsidies are the core driving force of the domestic market for large and medium-sized buses, so their sales cycles are perfectly compatible with the introduction and exit of the new national energy supplementation policy.
In the first half of the year, the expected introduction of the old policy to replace the new policy led to a sense of late consumption in the market, with sales of 2024 m1-6 of 5364 buses, down 29% from the previous 29%.
2024.7 In the Ministry of Transport ' s Regulation on the Implementation of the New Energy Urban Bus and Power Battery Renewal Subsidy, an average subsidy of $80,000 per vehicle for the renewal of the new energy city bus and $42,000 per vehicle for the replacement of power cells, in addition to the launch of the first batch of public sector vehicles issued on 13 November 2023 by eight departments, including the Ministry of Industry and Communications and the Ministry of Transport
The circular on the piloting of a fully electricized pilot zone and the guidance issued at the end of December 2023 on accelerating the development of rural passenger and postal integration contributed to the continued recovery of the bus market.
The overall concentration of the country’s large and medium-sized bus market has increased, with the Wootong bus leading the industry. 2022- 66% from 61% mentioned and the cr9 from 75% to 83%. In terms of market patterns, the country’s medium and medium-sized bus market is in relative leadership, with the cities of 2024h1 accounting for 13% and 17% respectively.
The demand for tourist cars is the main driving force behind the sale of large and medium-sized passenger cars in the country. The use of tourist seats for passenger cars is dominated by the use of vehicles by tourist groups and long-distance passenger transport, with long-distance bus demand being widely distributed by high-speed, networked and private cars.
Instead, sales have declined significantly. The trend towards a better tourism economy, based on the population’s consumption of tourism life, has led to demand for travel vehicles. After the 2023 outbreak, tourism demand has been released quickly, and the number of domestic tourists has recovered to 4.9 billion, a 93% increase compared to the previous 93% increase, and is expected to return to pre-epidemiological levels this year.
Domestic tourism demand continues to thrive, leading to a sustained growth in the tourist-bus market. The market for tourist-sitted buses fell sharply in 2020-2022, reaching the bottom of 19,000 in 2022.
The rapid release of cruise demand led to a significant rebound in the sale of seating buses, which in 2023 was worth 32,000 vehicles, an increase of 68 per cent compared to the previous year. Domestic tourism demand remained strong in 2024, and the tourist-car market is expected to continue to grow.
In figure 492023, there was a recovery in the number of visitors (in millions) in the country, with a higher concentration in the domestic seating bus market and an absolute leader in the Woo-tung bus. The domestic passenger bus market of 2022-2024h1 rose from 82 per cent to 89 per cent, with a further increase in concentration.
The Woo-tung passenger vehicle is in absolute control of the segment of the market, which essentially occupies half of the industry: 2024h1 Golden Dragon bus market share of 33 per cent; 6 per cent of the middle passenger bus market of 6 per cent; 5 per cent of the Ancé bus market of 5 per cent; and 3 per cent of the Fukuda bus of 3 per cent.
The decline in the number of newborns determines the future need for school buses, mainly in stock. The number of new births in China declined by -10%, compared to 9 million last year. The sharp decline in the number of births means that primary school enrolments are declining at the same rate every year, so that future domestic requirements for school buses will be in stock.
In 2023, there were only 4,000, a 20% drop in the same year. Based on a five-year interval, the 2019-born population will be enrolled in school by 2024, meaning that the demand for school buses is expected to continue down in 2024.
Figure 52 Number of births in China (in tens of thousands) Chart 53 Sales of school buses is decreasing every year (in thousands, per cent) The domestic market for school buses is a very strong pattern, with the Utong bus market accounting for 80 per cent of the total.
The overall concentration of the car market has increased, from 85% to 95%. In the first half of the year, the share of the bus increased further to 80% in the domestic school bus and was in absolute leadership; the market share of the Golden Dragon car was only 1%; the market share of the medium passenger bus was 8%; and the market share of the Toyota bus was 8% higher from 4% last year.
Figure 54 Changes in the domestic market for school buses, cr3 (in %) 2.2 Large-scale medium-passenger export analysis: The offshore market is wide-spaced, the share of Utopia passenger vehicles exported, taking into account the absence of data on Marklines, and the global market for buses is about 300,000 + 10,000.
In 2024, the global market for large-scale passenger markets fluctuated around 300,000 hubs, reaching a high sales peak of 389,000 in 2016. After 2020, the global epidemic affected 250,000 buses, regressed after 2021, from 232,000 vehicles to 278,000 vehicles in 2023, with an average compound increase of 9.5% per year.
The data are missing the mainstream regions of China’s passenger vehicle exports, such as Central Asia, Africa, the Middle East, where the global market is expected to be about the size of the world’s medium-sized and medium-sized bus market, which is now in demand-release phase and is expected to return to 2019. The properties of the bus’s production data determine the pro-cyclical nature of its sales.
During the period 2004-2012, the strong correlation between the growth of the market and the global economy was evident. During the phase of smooth retention, replacement demand was the driving force behind changes in sales and was vulnerable to exogenous shocks such as end-of-life cycles, environmental policies, and so forth.
Demand rebounded at an accelerated rate of 15.4 per cent over the same period, achieving sales of 278,000 vehicles. Demand release became the core logic of the current recovery of the bus market, which is expected to return to 2019 levels in 2024.
According to Marklines, the average number of passengers sold in mid-2004-2023 was 133,000, the world’s largest bus market. According to available data from national automobile associations and statistical offices, the average number of passengers sold in Central Asia and the Russian region in the last five years was 29.9 million, or 14.5 per cent of the world’s total;
For the past five years, the average number of passengers sold in the region has been 29,300, or 14.2 per cent; for the Latin American region 28.9 million, or 14.0 per cent, in the past five years; for the Middle East region 25,000, or 12.3 per cent, in the past five years; for the European region 25,000, or 12 per cent, in the last five years; and for the African region nearly 12 per cent.
The average number of buses worth 21,000 or 10.4 per cent in five years; the average value of bulk passenger sales in East Asia and Oceania is 18.7 million, representing only 3 per cent of global electric passenger vehicle penetration, and the potential for space upgrading is high. According to iia data, 5.12 million new energy passenger vehicles were sold globally in 2023, 3.1 per cent electrodynamic penetration and were in the early stages of the industrial life cycle, powered.
The power structure shows that 48,000, or 93.8 per cent, of pure electric passenger vehicles are in absolute dominance; 1,800, or 3.5 per cent, of fuel cell buses; 1,400, or 2.7 per cent, of hybrid passenger vehicles; and the scale of the global sale of electric passenger vehicles in figure 60 (in units of vehicles).
Figure 61 Global electric passenger vehicle penetration (%) Latin America, Middle East, CIS, South-East Asia, and Africa account for 90% of Chinese passenger vehicle exports. According to customs calibre, China exported 71,000 buses in 2023, an increase of 47% over the same period. Latin America is the first passenger vehicle exports in the region of export.
The Middle East is the second largest region to export passenger vehicles, with about 12,000 vehicles and 17 per cent of exports, concentrated in countries such as Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates, and Israel. The CIS countries are the third largest region to export passenger vehicles.
The South-East Asian region is the fourth largest region for passenger-vehicle exports, with about 1.16 million vehicles and 16 per cent of exports, concentrated in countries such as Viet Nam, the Philippines and Malaysia. African countries export about 7,000 vehicles, with 10 per cent of exports.
Figure 62 shows the share of China’s main areas of export (in %) in the pattern of exports of large and medium-sized passenger vehicles, with the Utong bus market rising steadily, reaching its first share of 2024h1.
In the pattern of vehicle exports, the share of the market is 30 per cent for the 2024h1 Wootung market, 25 per cent for the Golden Dragon market, 16 per cent for the passenger bus market and 6 per cent for the Biadi market. The share of the Fukuda car is 7 per cent. The share of light passenger vehicles is lower because the bus is dominated by high-value-added mid-sized guests.
Figure 64 Share of exports of large and medium passenger vehicles by major vehicle enterprises (%) Figure 65 Share of exports of major vehicle companies by light passenger vehicles (%)
3.1 Channel advantages: well-developed systems of marketing, services and accessories, with clear quantitative advantages
There is a growing network of domestic and foreign market services, with diversified service models and a positive shift from “manufacturing + selling” to “manufacturing + solutions.” In the domestic market, mobile phones now have more than 10 areas.
At the same time, electrical maintenance centres, power-cell repair flagship shops, etc., have been built on the basis of regional service-testing centres, promoting a direct service model that is diversified to include service product solutions such as long-term insurance, maintenance, retrofitting, and a full package of services.
The combination of marketing models and localization cooperation in more than a dozen countries and regions, including Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Ethiopia, Malaysia, through kd assembly, have led to the upgrading of the business model from “product exports” to “technology exports and brand authorizations.” As overseas markets expand, the number of service networks continues to grow in Wendy.
There are now more than 320 authorized service stations or companies, and more than 410 authorized service networks covering all of the overseas profiles.
In Panama, Chile, the United Arab Emirates, France, Mexico, Colombia, Kazakhstan, the United Republic of Tanzania, Qatar, etc., the company has set up regional hubs or national stores of spare parts, and has authorized more than 80 distributors of spare parts to provide fast and efficient distribution to end-users.
At the same time, through joint service guarantees for priority orders, there is continued and deeper cooperation with a number of world-renowned automobile parts suppliers such as Cummins (Conmins), zf (Cewe), and allison (Erison), to enhance service security capabilities and provide timely spare parts security and comprehensive quality services to overseas clients.
Figure 70 Information on the domestic and foreign market spare parts system for passenger vehicles (in households) Comparison between the Utopia and the Golden Dragon car spare parts system (in households) 3.2 Technical advantages: optimization of the high-end product structure, acceleration of the landing of new technologies
Using technology to support high-end product layouts and raise brand premiums. Using its own technological advantages in electricization, smart web connectivity, high-end, light-quantified high-end series of products, complete the layout of products such as the high-end u series, the t series and the 2-generation airport ferry, and launch high-end business vehicles such as the Starboard and the Star River.
For high-end products, high-end commercial car t7 has launched new gasoline machines, along with grass, Hong, and hobo-based prototypes: high-end bus roll-out u double-storeys, u15, u18 and microcycles, public transport products, high-end tourism roll-out of pure electric tour cars t14e, t15e, and further improvement of high-end product arrays, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea, sea,
In terms of unmanned technology, companies have become regularized in many cities. Fixed-line buses have an advantage over the complex driving environment in which they travel.
With regard to unmanned technologies, companies have been developing unmanned public transport (UVs) over time.
The transition to autonomous R & D led to the development in 2018 of a Type 1-3 pure electric smart grid combined passenger vehicle and a Level 4 microcycle vehicle. Figure 72, Level 4 unmanned microcycle vehicle, is expected to take into account the opportunities for the sea arising from the recovery of the Chinese passenger-car industry cycle and the trend towards electricization of passenger vehicles overseas.
The sw commercial passenger vehicle breakdown includes a bus, a car, a car, a bus, a bus, ant-King, a bus, a st-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-A-St-St-St-St-St-St-A-St-St-St-St-A-St-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S.
As comparable companies. Three comparable companies had an average of 23.2 per cent of their 2024 consistency expectations. Given that the company was the largest seller in the medium-sized bus industry and the rapid growth in overseas sales, it should enjoy a certain value premium, cover it for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
The domestic bus replacement policy is not as good as expected. The domestic bus market enters the stock replacement cycle, and the policy phase-out is essential for a more new replacement effect.
International political tensions have led to less than expected export sales. There is strong demand in the overseas passenger-car market, and the process of electricization of passenger-cars is moving into a fast-growing phase, but tensions in overseas relations tend to perturb exports.
Ma, Swe, who holds positions in the strategic, market, product and research core sectors, has many years of experience in primary and secondary markets, has a multilatitude research perspective and deep insight into electronic + automobile/industry + finance, and has full coverage in the automobile industry, using information on legal compliance, and has produced the present report independently and objectively, using data and information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.