The net profit continues to rise, with exports resonance with internal sales, cars and commercial cars resonance, both within and outside the sea, and Utsong achieving a profit of $155-179 million in the first half of 2024.
Significant growth and a higher share of export business, better distribution structure and higher performance contribution; 2) inward sales: tourism passenger market demand is recovering and domestic sales of companies are growing. Controls, mid-ends, and scale effects persist, with a net profit of $1 billion in the second quarter alone.
2 pc per month; overall, thanks to solid cost control capacity, continued release of scale effects and the evolution of medium-end high-end strategies (250 Greek pure electricity sheets, etc.), firm growth in corporate performance was achieved, followed by an increase in export sales (including an increase in the share of new energy sources) and sustained domestic rehabilitation (increased demand for tourist buses)
For the medium and long term, the cycle and growth are still positive, and Utsong’s performance is expected to continue to release. At the end of the industry: one country sold about 240,000 vehicles abroad in 23 years (about 270,000 pre-epidemic stables) and new energy penetration rates are low.
To 10%, compared to the country's higher upscaling space, and multinational overseas-designated policies to promote the replacement of new energy passenger vehicles; Wutong terminal: one export market created an innovative model of “technology plus services exports” that captures the new overseas bus 600066.sh - a global giant with growth and dividends.
The energy development window period continued to break, from “manufacturing + marketing of products” to “manufacturing services + solutions” The net profit of the bus (600066.sh) and the year 2023 grew by 139 per cent over the same period, exports upgraded, competitiveness continued to rise, and overseas deployment gradually moved from Asia, Latin America, Africa, etc.
Utunbus (600066.sh) - domestic repairs, high export growth and cost optimization, 2023 expansion in developed areas of the bus industry, including Europe, and promotion of industrial value chains to mid-to-high ends, with full benefits expected
New energy expansion overseas;2 improved Māori in the domestic market in risk management + preferred markets, expected to increase profitability and ring ratio in the second quarter of the U.S. bus (600066.sh) - good idea investment proposal: combined growth (outboarding) and dividends (high dividends) with "beautiful" global champions, maintaining "beautiful"
In view of the growing volume of export sales and the warming of the domestic market, the forecast of higher profits is that the company's cumulative sales of 2,055 passenger vehicles, an increase of 35.82 per cent over the same period, are mainly the result of exports: a significant increase in the volume of corporate exports and an increase in the share of export operations, a better structure of sales and an increase in performance; and (2) an increase in the value of internal sales: tourists.
The company received $856,000 in 2401, the ring ratio + $66,000, mainly due to new energy sources, higher export shares, improved bus sales structure; if the forecast is median, it will measure 2402-Utley passenger cars.
Twenty-six thousand dollars, or 74 million dollars. Overall, the profit from the bicycles is relatively stable, and the decline in the ring is expected to be due mainly to structural changes (growth in domestic sales, increase in share). Figure 3: Revenue of the Woo-to-Travel bicycles (million yuan)
Figure 4: Net profit on Woo-toon bicycles (million US$) in the context of the “one-way” environment, Yu-Tung's overseas market is moving well and is expected to make a sustained contribution to its performance The expansion of overseas operations is continuing, and the technology-to-service export model is moving well. As of the first half of 2023, companies were struggling.
Over 90,000 passenger vehicles of all types exported to countries requiring major global passenger vehicles, such as Chile, Mexico, Ethiopia, Angola, Tanzania, the Philippines, Australia, Malaysia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Qatar, the United Kingdom, France, Denmark, Norway, Finland and others
In the main target market, the company has become one of the main bus suppliers. In the area of new energy buses, the company has cumulatively exported more than 3,700 new energy buses, generating bulk sales in more than 30 countries or regions abroad, selling and operating well, such as Qatar, Mexico, Chile, Singapore, Australia, Kazakhstan, Kazakhstan.
Uzbekistan, Norway, Denmark, France, etc. At the same time, companies have moved from “manufacture-plus-marketing” to “manufacturing-service-plus-solution” companies.
In more than a dozen countries and regions, such as Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Egypt, Malaysia and Malaysia, localized cooperation through kd assembly has led to a shift from product output to “technology-out” innovative business models.
In March, Woo-tung exported 250 pure electric buses from Greece, and overseas markets continued to deepen. In the background of the “one-way” landscape, with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major competitions and exhibitions, demand for the bus industry is expected to grow steadily, while new energy buses are recognized by society.
The demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to rise rapidly due to environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and advances in the technology of new energy vehicles, as well as increasing economic viability:  In March 2424, Utun exported 250 pure electric buses to Greece arrived in the capital cities of Athens and Thessaloniki.
Nicky, will be operational in two major cities by the end of April. 250 pure electric orders are the first large-scale purchase of new energy buses in Greece, while also refreshing Woo-tung's list of the largest new energy buses in the European market.
S indicated that the average age of Greek buses was higher than in other European countries, that the delivery of vehicles would improve the many problems caused by ageing convoys, and that new electric convoys would build sustainable urban public transport.
The energy bus travels to Chile, the country of the world, once again linking countries on both ends of the globe, to strengthen Chile's transformation of public transport. As an international mainstream bus provider, it has long been a cooperative link, and has been working closely with Chile, actively participating in and witnessing the Chilean market.
China’s practical cooperation with Chile continues to grow. The order updates the record of Woo-Tung’s new bus order, which delivers the largest single volume of energy in the Chilean and Latin American markets, and will be launched in the capital city, San José, at the end of February, in the field of public transport in order to solve the problem of long-distance commuting between the capital city’s main city and the surrounding towns.
▪ Early in November 23, Woo-tung again delivered 263 zk6138h long-distance passenger transport vehicles to the Saudi Transport Development Agency’s tga, so that Yu-tung’s share of vehicles in tga is more than two-thirds.
At first, the first electric bus in Saudi Arabia was officially operational in Jeddah, ending the era of a Saudi public transport system that only burned fuel trucks; moreover, the new city of the Red Sea, known as the “new Saudi city”, also chose Woo-tung when introducing the first new energy bus. Woo-tung contributed Chinese power to the sustainable development of the Red Sea.
The Saudi economy was diversified under the “one-way” initiative. In early October 23, 126 Wootong new energy sources were delivered to Denmark, and now these pure electric buses are being put into operation in the central urban backbones of Copenhagen, Heining, Roskilde, Odense and others.
The delivery of this vehicle will bring the total number of pure electric buses in the Danish market to 500, making it the country’s largest new energy passenger vehicle provider, and thus one of the most electric passenger vehicles in Europe.
After more than two years of operation in the Danish market, vehicles were fully proven in all their aspects, and Woo-tung was gradually able to establish his foothold in the Danish market and achieve an important breakthrough, from zero to one, showing the strength, resilience and extraordinary charm of “China-made”. To date, Woo-tung has become Denmark’s number one with more than 50% pure electric passenger vehicle occupancy.
On 4 July 23, Woo-tung organized a ceremony for the release of Chinese buses from Kazakhstan. On another occasion, the Woo-tung bus was imported into Kazakhstan in a total of 224 vehicles; the first 50 buses were brought on the line, of which 20 were 18 metres of pure electric passenger vehicles, the longest and highest-end new energy passenger vehicle ever introduced in Kazakhstan.
A batch of pure electric passenger vehicles can meet the large passenger traffic requirements of the capital's main main main road, which is aggregated to the main road, and continues to travel up to 400 kilometres, providing an important driving force for green and sustainable development in the capital of Kazakhstan, with a demonstration-led effect on the construction of a green “one-way” together.
At the beginning of April 23, according to the Bus Information Network, after the delivery of a large consignment of 800 buses from Uzbekistan, 150 first single buses from Kazakhstan arrived in the Karakanda region of the country and will be used in the country ' s public system when the qaztehna factory is offline.
▪ On 16 February 23, Yu-Tung announced that he had obtained orders for 550 Saudi Arabian buses, 300 of which had been delivered to Saudi Garden City, Riyadh, c13pro (zk6138h). The remaining 250 were to be delivered in April/May.
Long-range public passenger transport routes to Riyadh. For the first time in 2006, the Utomo bus has been plowing into the local market for 17 years, creating a good brand image and market slogan made by China, becoming the country’s main bus supplier.
On March 2, 23, Woo-tung announced the first delivery of 800 passenger vehicle orders ordered by Uzbekistan, which will create a new record of Chinese exports to Uzbek buses, the largest new energy passenger vehicle orders since this year. This order will consist of 300 pure electric power and 500 congs of natural gas, and is expected to be renewed in the interior of the country during the year.
On the basis of the core “3-power” technology, Wootong provides Uzbekistan with a customized product solution, establishes a permanently stationed post-sale service professional team at the local level, organizes regular training for client drivers and does not follow their cars on a scheduled line, and stores nearly $130,000 in local spare parts to ensure the safe and efficient operation of vehicles.
For the first time, Uzbekistan, which has introduced a large number of new energy buses, will, with U-Tung's help, move to power, low-carbon transformation, and enter the Ethiopian market for the first time in 2009, in addition to providing high-quality products and uniforms for Ethiopia.
In addition to the batch delivery ceremony for 110 buses, and with the rapid development of the Ethiopian economy, the bus pre-prepared and researched the development of the bt 110 and purely electric passenger vehicles in the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa, in accordance with Government plans, and plans to upgrade the local automotive industry to provide Ethiopia in September 2022
The Meskel Square was a big event, with substantial technical and human resource training support to meet the growing needs of Ethiopia for public transport development, fleet smart management, etc.
On November 30, 2020, with the leading new energy technologies and products, the Uttarbus contracted 1002 on-line with the Qatar National Transport Corporation, 741 competition services were officially exported in December 2020, and Qatar placed a total of 60 Hume 7s in order to complete an entirely larger number of curry.
Janrichardkdeman, Chairman of the Academic Council of the Busworld World Buscar Expo, Qatar, highly commended the upgrading of urban public transport before the race.
Woo-tung's pure electric passenger vehicle featured prominently in the race, and on behalf of Busworld praised the bus as the “green van of the new energy source.” In addition, Woo-tung signed a framework agreement with the Qatar side for the construction of the Woo-tun-Yess technology and a new pure electric vehicle in the Qatar Free Zone.
In 2005, when he entered Chile, for 17 years, he provided Chile with a large number of mobile passenger cars (t13e) that were first launched in Chile and were custom-made. In 2012, the Chilean National Football Team selected the Uttarbus as a special bus for the national team.
Partners set up a zero carbon alliance (team transmission service; the export of 100 pure electric passenger buses in 2018 updated the booking of new energy buses abroad, also marking the official start of the electricization of public transport in Chile. In 2019, Yutón Mexican subsidiary and the Mexico City Electric Transport Service (MEX) operated electric public transport.
Once again, the Mexico City Electric Transport Service (MEXT) acquired all the works and, in March 2019, the Mexico City Electric Transport Service purchased Utun 100 12-metre dual-source non-trading buses; for many years, the two sides have maintained a strategic cooperative relationship; and to date, Mexico City has been engaged in electric transport.
A total of 301 new energy vehicles owned by the service company, which accounted for 66.8 per cent of the total number of vehicles operated by the company ' s electric transport services in Mexico City in November 2022, and the first high-speed vehicle in Mexico City, the capital of Mexico, in September 22nd year.
Bus lines are officially operational, and trams are manufactured by Utunbus. Looking ahead, there is hope for a resonance, both within and outside the country: Overseas: with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as large-scale events, exhibitions, etc.
It is expected that demand in the passenger-car sector will continue to grow in a resilient manner, while the demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to be influenced by environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and the continued progress of new energy vehicle technology.