Micro-innovation (603986.sh) Over $800 million in the second quarter, industrial and auto revenue continued to rise, net profit on the return of 2022 was over $800 million, and industrial and auto revenue continued to rise.
huhui2@guosen.com.cn net profit from non-repatriation is about 806 million yuan (yoy73.9 per cent and qoq23.1 per cent), with a significant increase in performance mainly benefiting from continued optimization of product structures, customer structures and continued upgrading of revenue from industry, automobiles, etc.
It also overcomes the impact of the epidemic on logistics and product delivery through a diversified supply chain layout. The Mcu harvest increased by 225.4 per cent in the same year in 2021, raising the overall Māori ratio by 9.16 pt. In 2021, companies sold storage chips, microcontrolrs (mcu), sensors 32.9, 3.9, 160 million (Yoy22.4 per cent,
As the first 32 mcu suppliers in the country, with up to 400 models of product layout, good performance and reliability, the company has fully benefited from the global market situation in 2021, which continued to be extremely scarce, as well as the opportunities for national substitution.
In 2021, product lines were developed and promoted in a coordinated manner to strengthen their long-term growth base. 1) flash: 55nm advanced process norflash full-line output, which is advancing 45nm process arts and development; 24nmnandflash achieved mass production, covering 1 gb to 8gb mainstream capacity; 38nm car regulation
Slcnandflash has been launched. 2) Dram: the first branded dram (19nm, 4gb) achieves volume production; 17ndddr3 products are being actively developed as planned, targeting about $9 billion of the base dram market. 3) mcu: the company has successfully produced 35 series of about 400 model generic mcus.
The company is actively promoting the certification of car-grade mcu products, the import of volume products, the introduction of a multi-wi-fimcu to the iot market, and the deployment of the mcu-backed pmic chip. The investment proposal is to have the potential to become the leading global chip design company and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Mid-year review: storage platform configurations, mcu, moi innovation - 603986 - financial evaluation: continuous expansion of downstream applications and active readiness of goods
Pe, watch the company grow through a multi-wheel drive at the core of “storage +mcu” to be designed as a global front chip.
Quick Innovation - 603986-2018 and Quarterly Review: Reverse Investment Figure 1: Corporate Business Income and Growth Figure 2: Corporate Business Income and Growth in a Single Season
Figure 3: Net corporate return profit and rate of increase, Figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate of the company, Figure 6: Cost during the company period
Figure 8: Māori ratio of company-owned operations Figure 7: Structure of company-owned operations Figure 9: Number of company inventory and stock turnover days
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them