The Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) continued to optimize its structure, with a record high performance in the first quarter and a record high performance in the second quarter; 22q2 achieved a net return on a single quarter.
834 million yuan, i.e. +72.31 per cent for the same year and +21.57 per cent for the ring; net profit from non-repatriation of 806 million yuan for the sustained optimization of the product structure, customer structure, continued upgrading of industry, automobiles, etc. Structural improvements in product and downstream applications are evident, with continuous increases in industrial controls and car ratios;
1. For 22q1 performance over-expected, product structure improvement noorflash, large-volume products in 128m ~ 2gb out of which industry and \triangleright account for over 60%
Car use is growing rapidly and 65 nm is moving smoothly to 55 nm, bringing capacity and 2. " Performance is as expected, looking at long-term growth - a sign of a rise in the Māori rate, and we expect a steady growth of operations in 22 years.
On the mcu side, industry accounts for over 40 per cent and automobiles and storage can be added: the current megamcu industrial application covers mainly five areas: industrial automation, including frequency transformers, servers, 3. q3 performance over and above expectations, long-term growth determination-megagrams
, plc (elevator, orbital traffic); energy power, including photovoltaics, storage, recharge posts, data, base station power, etc.; intelligent cities, including smart street lights, metering, parking lot gates, 4.21h1 over-expected performance, storage taps--
Bi-annual reviews of micro-innovation, 2021.8.29 machines, intelligent agriculture, etc.; medical equipment, mainly medical equipment in hospitals, requires industrial and car regulations for mcu products.
Security, surveillance, fire control, etc., have covered head customers in various fields, with industry accounting for over 40%, which is expected to be over 50% this year.
. For dram, 17nmddr3 has been bulked to send samples to clients, with emphasis on layout security, a roof box, heavy rain.
In the field of industry, a series of 17nddr4 and lpdddr4 products with a capacity range of 1-8gb are expected to be launched in 23 years, with a stronger value-for-money advantage than the 20nm product of the plant.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment