Xiao Ji-Sun
2q22 maintained high-speed growth with net profit growth of over 9 per cent in the same year, net profit growth of over 2o22 and growth of over 2 per cent in the ring, with performance higher than expected and higher than in the past, reflecting demand in industry, automobiles, etc.
In the short term, the industry has established a high profile, which is expected to go down in the future or gradually, making it difficult for the company to perform in order to avoid pressure. We conservatively estimate the net profit growth of the company in 2022, while optimistic about the long-term business.
Afterward net profits of $810 million, yoy increased by 73.7 per cent, and qoq grew by 23.1 per cent, benefiting from faster growth in revenues in industry and the car sector, while product structure and customer structure continued to be optimized, and company performance continued its previous high growth and recorded a record high.
China’s mobile phone output fell by 27% on a month-on-year basis, while household electricity sales fell significantly on a year-on-year basis. Although demand is now better in the industrial, car, and hpc sectors, the overall semiconductor landscape is showing signs of turning.
The company, as a large local storage plant, can reduce the impact of swings by quickly adjusting the product mix, but it is still difficult to avoid a fall in performance. Profit forecasting: Despite the record high performance of the company in 2022, we still conservatively forecast the entire year.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.