The high-end process was fruitful, and q2 performance exceeded expectations.
The net profit of the mother is about 1.52 billion yuan, an increase of 93.46 per cent over the year; the net profit of the non-repatriation of the mother of 1,461 million q2 has continued to perform strongly, and the performance of the market is higher than expected. For 22q2 alone, the invisible innovation has achieved a net gain of 834 million – an increase of 72.19 per cent over the year of 72.19 per cent, and the ring of 21.61 per cent; the net profit of the non-repatriation of the mother of 806 million yuan.
Market demand is weak, and the prices of small and medium-volume nonflash, dram, and consumer-type mcu markets are falling. But in this context, the performance of companies is still as expected, and we believe that it is largely due to the optimized structure of the company’s products, its customer structure, and the rising share of higher downstream industries, cars, etc.
The company's continued failure in high-end markets has yielded remarkable results. Car regulation mcu production, i.e. the car market is on the rise. The company is the first common type of mcu \triangleright as a national product.
The company, which has produced more than 35 series of more than 400 model products, and the current industrial + car backloading market ratio, which has surpassed consumption, marks the company’s full entry into the high-end mcu market. The company’s first car code, class mcu, has already produced its product and is expected to produce it in 22q3. The model mcu uses m33 kernels, the process.
Node 40nm, mainly in the areas of motor control, panel control and communications, adas smart terminal 1. Mic innovation (603986.sh) 2021 report, t-box, obc up and down electricity and communications.
& 2022 Quarterly Review: A full-scale breakthrough in high-end markets, a cycle of high-growth penetration into well-known international large-scale plants, and a steady drive by Flash to drive the car market.
\triangleright 2. MIG (603986.sh) 22q1 performance forecast product achieved from spinorflash to spinandflash through aec-q100 vehicle certification
Question: q1 performance growth is strong, high-end markets continue to stagger, complete layout of car regulation products can be applied comprehensively in areas such as adas, vehicle communications systems, vehicle information and entertainment systems, battery management systems, smart cockpits.
3. Micro-Innovation (603986.sh) company review: compared to the number of well-known car companies, noorflash has been tested and has become a certified supplier of Mobileye.
4. Micro-Innovation (603986.sh) company comment: 17 nm high-end chip is expected to be launched this year, self-researched dram faster. (1) Self-research \triangleright
Terminate the de-containment plan and store the 19nm process 4gbddr4 product fully powered by the +mcu carrier, produced in June 21 and the self-researched product achieved the performance forecast from design, flow 5. Bei-Gi-Innovation (603986.sh) for the whole year.
The company currently plans products such as ddr3/ddr4/lpdddr4, with capacity coverage of 1-8gb.
(2) The company expects a high-end product of 17 nmddrdr3 this year to produce and contribute to a 50% increase in output from 19nm single crystal. With the phasing out of the international ddram plants such as Samsung, Hercules, Light, etc., the omens are likely to gain high market access with cost advantages, and the drams are.
\triangleright flash+mcu+dram has a three-pronged drive to boost growth, expanding industry and high-end cars, or something.
In case of long-term growth, maintain a “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.