The undervalued leader of the national vaccine, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Recommended logic: In the current context of domestic health insurance costs, we believe that the high performance of the vaccine industry is more risk-resilient and has a significant long-term investment value. One of the leading vaccines that companies have developed for domestic R & D and marketing capacity is now in the midst of a growth in proxy products and an impending growth in heavy self-research products.
Key time nodes of the pay-off period, but the market still has much to expect. We expect huge market space for home-grown and proxy varieties over the next three years, and the market has much to expect. 1) The three-lines and the nodule control product lines are 1 billion profit-grade heavy-pound products.
In the hope of approval, the market for tuberculosis control is vast, the cow sub-bacterium vaccine plusec is expected to become a heavy-pound species, with annual net profits of up to $1 billion:2) and proxy varieties such as Hpv and five-priced rotational vaccines that will drive company performance in the short term. The company’s ability to sell is the strongest in the country’s vaccine industry, with the widest network of vaccination sites, within the country.
The Hpv vaccine penetration rate is still low and the company is expected to have less impact in the short term on the national production of Hpv, which is expected to remain in short supply for the next three years, with a peak of $3.6 billion in 2021; and a five-priced rotation vaccine: the development pipeline is ahead of schedule, with many catalysts in 2020.
One of the vaccine companies currently has 22 research products and more than 10 are at the clinical stage, including several heavy-pound products: 1) 15-priced pneumonia vaccine: one has been completed and three clinical entry groups are expected to be launched in 2020. The product is currently the highest in the country and is expected to be a 1 billion net profit grade product; 2) a double-breeder disease.
Profit-based products; 3) 4-priced influenza vaccine: currently in clinical stage III, expected to be produced in 2020; 4) 4-priced cerebral combination vaccine: 2-stage clinical completion, expected to complete 3-stage clinical completion by 2020; 5) 4 non-viral vaccine: global exclusive product in clinical preparation; 6) group zero white break in clinical preparation;
7) Investment in wisdom: The strategic deployment of biopharmaceuticals, which has three single resistances in the clinical stage, a cart starting as one of the leading companies in the vaccine industry, has a pre-eminence in the industry. With the production and development of the relevant regulations and guidance documents, the general trend towards increased concentration in the vaccine industry has been largely determined, and it looks good.
The company stands for the potential of a national vaccine. Although the Hpv vaccine is now the company’s main asset, 1. Ji Fei Bien (300122): performance meets expectations, the whole company develops over the medium to long term. We therefore firmly believe that the company will continue to do its best to become a domestic vaccine firm.
• Profit predictions and investment proposals. Companies are expected to increase their net profits at a combined rate of 48 per cent over the next three years.
Twilight Flying Organisms (300122): The quarterly report predicts an overpredictable dcf valuation, which is valued at $12.5 billion. In contrast to the valuation, the historical valuation of the reference industry,1 there are significant market expectations for microcard vaccines. The market is concerned about tuberculosis as a curable disease, with microcarcinciner vaccinations.
We believe that: 1) China is a country with a high burden of tuberculosis, with more than 800,000 new cases of tuberculosis (only reported cases) per year, hundreds of millions of people are infected, the country attaches great importance to the fight against tuberculosis, and new forms of tuberculosis vaccine are the development directions strongly supported by the country; 2) tuberculosis treatment drugs are less responsive and need to be used when they are used.
Self-funded hepatitis drugs; 3) TB is a curable disease, so the market considers the vaccination rate to be low, but ignores the fact that latent tuberculosis places a huge burden on the individual's psychology, especially in specific places such as schools, troops, etc., and we believe that the willingness of the latent infected person to be vaccinated against the microcard vaccine is expected to be out of the market.
The market is worried about the Hpv vaccine space or is approaching the ceiling. According to grass-roots research, there are still more than 10,000 people in developed cities, and penetration rates are still very low. With regard to the Hpv vaccine, a 2-price Hpv vaccine is on the market, but the product has a limited impact on the company, and a 9-price Hpv vaccine is expected to take at least three years to be marketed.
The Hpv vaccine will remain high. We measure the domestic stock market and the incremental market separately, judging the net profit margin in the stock market at $25-35 billion, peak net profit at $3.6 billion, and incremental market stability net profit at $1 billion.3 Markets consider corporate product ladders to be weak.
Key points of time when a heavy-pound variety reports production or is about to report production. Priority: 1) 15-priced clinical phase of the pneumonia vaccine has been completed and it is expected that three rounds of clinical integration will be launched in 2020, with a domestic maximum value of 1 billion yuan in net profit scale; 2) double rabies per person: three clinical phases are expected to be completed by 2020 and produced by the end of the year, with 500 million yuan in net profit scale; 3) 4-priced influenza vaccine:
Three clinical sessions were completed a year; 5) four non-viral vaccines: global exclusive product in clinical preparation; 6) groups were completely broken: Ping bed preparation: 7) smart investments: strategic layout biopharmaceuticals, three single anti-drugs were in the clinical phase, one car-t started Hpv supply over-expected, microcard and ec diagnostic reagents were approved over-expected and companies performed over-expected.
Under this scenario, we give the company a 40-fold valuation in 2020, corresponding to a market value of $133.1 billion, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Performance or under-performance risk; valuation level or risk of exposure to market sentiment; reoccurrence of vaccines in the industry; or risk of the suspension or cancellation of the Mercado agency’s performance affecting the company’s performance.
1 Autonomous product: The nodule product line has a huge space, the triple seedlings have a limited impact, and the control of tuberculosis is a national strategic task. Tuberculosis is a chronic infectious disease caused by the infection of bacterium tuberculosis.
Invasion of the lungs, tuberculosis is also one of the world’s ten leading killers. The ltbi is usually used to refer to the presence of bacterium in the body (generally in the lungs), but there are no obvious symptoms, and if not treated, about 5-10% of the population will eventually develop into active tuberculosis.
According to the 2019 WHO Global Tuberculosis Report, approximately 1.7 billion people worldwide were infected with bacterium dichotomy by 2018, and there were about 10 million new cases of tuberculosis in 2018. In 2018, tuberculosis led to the deaths of about 1.2 million people globally among the hev negative population; and 251,000 among the iv positive population also died of tuberculosis.
About two thirds of tuberculosis cases in 2018 came from the following eight countries: India (27 per cent), China (9 per cent), India (8 per cent), Philippines (6 per cent), Pakistan (5 per cent), Nigeria (4 per cent), Bangladesh (4 per cent) and South Africa (3 per cent).
In terms of the prevalence of latent tuberculosis, in 2015, the results of the study on the topic “Epidemiological survey and queuing study of the infection of bacterium bacterium in tuberculosis”, which is a major scientific and technical activity of the State's “12th Five” epidemic, showed that the application of the gamma-disturbant release test (igra)
In parallel with the test (tst) on the skin of the nodule fungus, the detection of the infection of bacterium bacterium in the nodules was conducted, and it was assumed that in the country's rural areas the whole population had a potential infection rate of bacterium bacterium bacterium in the form of approximately 13 to 20 per cent (2,1022 samples).
qft=quantiferon-tbgoldin-tube.tst=tuberculinskintest.ptb=pulmonarytuberculosis.prospectivecohortstudy, south-west securities
Tuberculosis control has become a national strategic task: on 25 September 2015, at the United Nations Summit on Sustainable Development, 193 Member States jointly launched the Sustainable Development Agenda 2030, which aims to eliminate tuberculosis by 2030, specifically the foundation for 2015.
(b) On 16 November 2017, the first WHO Global Ministerial Conference was held in Russia, where 120 national health ministers, including China, jointly issued the Moscow Declaration on Ending Tuberculosis, committing themselves to a sustainable roll-out by 2030.
In the framework of the Agenda ' s target agenda to achieve at least 90 per cent detection of tuberculosis cases and 90 per cent treatment of positive tuberculosis cases: 26 September 2018, the 73rd United Nations General Assembly High-level Meeting on Tuberculosis held in the United States, the world
Leaders committed to ensuring that 40 million people with tuberculosis receive the treatment they need by the end of 2022, and 30 million people are provided with preventive sexual treatment to protect people from tuberculosis, and agreed to mobilize $13 billion per year for tuberculosis prevention and treatment by 2022, together with $2 billion for related research activities;
In May 2019, eight departments, such as the National Health Board, the Ministry of Finance and the Health and Safety Institute, jointly issued a plan of action to combat tuberculosis, with a mortality rate of less than 3 per 100,000.
Figure 5: WHO global tuberculosis control strategy target 1.2 Tuberculosis treatment drugs have a high side effect and BCG prevention has limited impact, as shown by the BCG guidelines (2018).
The standard chemical treatment options for alamine, ethylbutol and streptocin are as follows: 1) For first-time active tuberculosis, the 2hrze/4hr option, i.e., the use of aminothium, liforphine, thiamine, ethylambutol, 1/d for 2 months; the use of thiomers, 1/d for consolidation period, 4
2) For treatment of active tuberculosis, the usual programmes are 2hrzse/6hre, 3hrze/6hr, 2hrzse/1hrze/5hre; for drug-resistant and multi-drug-resistant nodules, who will treat drug-resistant nodules according to their efficacy and safety
Groups a, b, c, d, of which a, b, c are core second-line drugs and d are non-core additional drugs.a Group: Fluorine-type drugs.b Group: second-line injecting-type drugs.c Group: other second-line core drugs.d Group: possible additions, but not as a core drug for mdr-tb treatment.
In the case of latent tuberculosis infections, preventive treatment is the use of anti-tuberculosis drugs for the infected population, the ltbi preventive treatment is based on oral first-line anti-tuberculosis drugs, the aim of which is to prevent relapse by reducing the number of hibernations in patients who have been infected with bacterium tuberculosis but have not yet developed into active nodules.
In the case of latent tuberculosis infections, the WHO Guide recommends five preventive treatment programmes: six months smog, nine months smog, three months of smog + lifford spray, three to four months of smite and three to four months of smog + Lifopin, all of which are drug treatment programmes.
Overall, the treatment of tuberculosis drugs has a long life cycle (which takes six to nine months), and although the country currently provides free treatment for tuberculosis patients, due to their adverse effects, one or more hepatitis drugs are generally added for treatment or prevention, and they need to be used at our own expense.
BCG has difficulty in preventing tuberculosis in the case of tuberculosis vaccine: BCG (bacilluscalmette-guerin, bcg) is the only tuberculosis vaccine currently available worldwide. BCG is part of the national immunization planning process in China (one dose is required at birth), with a vaccination rate of more than 90%.
Prevention of severe childhood tuberculosis (e.g. tuberculosis, haemorrhagic tuberculosis). The literature shows that immunization can occur within four to eight weeks of BCG vaccination according to the National Immunization Plan, but it can generally be sustained for only three to four years. Moreover, BCG is not able to prevent the resumption of the primary infection or the latent infections of the lungs, and has limited impact on the prevention of tuberculosis transmission.
Tuberculosis vaccine has also been a hot spot for international vaccine research, with 14 TB vaccines globally currently at different stages of clinical trials, 2 currently entering three stages of clinical trials and 1 at the stage of delivery (microcardic vaccine for the wise flying organisms).
In the New England Journal of Medicine, on 29 October, the results of three years of clinical trials showed an overall effectiveness of 49.6 per cent (species of 35,573 hev negatives infected with tuberculosis, double-blind tests). Figure 6: Progress in the development of a global tuberculosis vaccine (as of August 2019)
With the high rate of tuberculosis infection in the country, BCG is not effective for the infected population, and there is an urgent need to develop vaccines that can be used for the prevention of latent structural infections.
The company developed the cow branch bacterium vaccine (used by the tuberculosis infected population) (hereinafter referred to as “the microcard”), which is currently the only global vaccine for tuberculosis that has completed three human clinical trials and is declared to have been produced, which was included in the national priority assessment on 14 June 2018, has now completed on-site production inspections and is expected to be marketed in the first quarter of 2020.
1.3 ec diagnostic reagents are expected to be included in the screening of new-born nodules, providing a net profit of 500 million grade products, and a large number of people in latent infections, which are reducing the risk of tuberculosis, mainly through early identification and preventive treatment. To this end, a specific guide for the management of latent tuberculosis infections was issued by WHO in 2014, which clearly indicates rapid and accurate screening of potentials.
Volatile tuberculosis infections are key to tuberculosis control and it is recommended that tuberculosis infections be detected using the nodule fungicide test (tubercurinskintest/tst. or pd skin test) and the gamma-combustine release analysis test (igrass), but these tests are carried out by hand Nodule fung test (tst): 1) less sensitive to populations with low immune capacity; (2) pure protein derivatives of the nodule fungicide
More than 200 single-fold mixtures, many of which are common antigen components of non-tuberculosis and BCG, with a high number of tuberculosis infections in China and also in BCG-type countries, resulting in a high rate of pseudo-positiveness; 3) skin test operations and determination of results, v-disruption analytical detection (grass): the new method of detection of tuberculosis infections using enzyme combination immunology techniques is currently the most advanced.
One of the sensitive antigen-specific t-cell detection methods, but the average cost of each test is around $900, and there are limitations to the need for intravenous blood for extensive screening of latent nodules.
At the international level, the third-generation diagnostic reagents, which are studied for the specific properties of est6 and cfp10 proteins in the early secretion during the development of nodule bacterium, have been combined with the two proteins by genetic engineering and can be used for the diagnosis of populations infected with nodule bacterium, BCG vaccination and the identification of tuberculosis bacterium infections.
The ec diagnostic reagent, in conjunction with ppd, allows the precise diagnosis of nodules to be performed only on skin tests, without the need for blood-smoking, sensitivity and screening of all population groups. Currently, the product has been tested at production sites, and we expect to be able to obtain a map of nodule diagnosis in the first quarter of 2020 in figure 7: ec and bcg-ppd
The company ' s immunization strategy for tuberculosis is based on the different immune background and state of infection, the different prevention needs, and the different types of tuberculosis vaccine are studied with precision, distinction and precision prevention. Precision diagnostic products: ppd reagents and ec reagents, of which ec reagents are core products:
\triangleright Precision products: aec/bc02 Frozen recombinant tuberculosis vaccine, adult use of BCG and microcards with microcards \triangleright
Table 2: Research and development ladders and progress in corporate tuberculosis prevention products Figure 8: Corporate tuberculosis precision control strategy Gradually universal tuberculosis screening in schools:
In accordance with the Regulations for the Prevention and Control of Tuberculosis in Schools (2017 editions) issued by the Ministry of Education, schools are required to use the tuberculosis screening project as a mandatory test for new entrants and for regular examinations of teaching staff.
(i) The examination of new entrants to kindergartens, primary schools and non-residential junior secondary schools (attendant) should ask about the close exposure of tuberculosis to history and suspected symptoms of tuberculosis, and conduct a test on the skin of the nodule fungus (tst) for those who have close exposure to tuberculosis; and, second, the screening of suspicious symptoms of tuberculosis and a test on the skin of the nodule fungus should be carried out for new entrants to high school and boarding junior secondary schools;
Pulmonary X-ray screening is required for suspected TB symptoms and test positives for nodule fungus skin.iii. Tuition screening and breast X-ray screening are used for university students, while priority areas and priority schools are able to carry out co-tests for nodule fungi skin.
4. The examination of the health of the teaching staff shall include a breast x-ray examination; a person who has suspected symptoms of tuberculosis, or who is strongly positive in the skin test of the nodule fungicide, or who is abnormal in the examination of the chest x-ray shall be subject to further examination at the medical establishment of the site of the test.
At the beginning of 2019, the Ministry of Education and the Health and Welfare Board issued the recommended sexual health industry standard " Guidelines for the Prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases in General Higher Education Schools " , which included tuberculosis screening as a mandatory check-up project for new entrants to school; in the context of the tuberculosis elimination strategy, tuberculosis screening became mandatory for entry check-ups and routine check-ups for teaching staff.
In view of the high pseudo-positive rate, we believe that ec-de-reagents are expected to become the mainstream method of nodule screening, even though the current method of detection is still dominated by the nodule-skin test.
In the case of 18,677, 16 million, 13.5 million and 8 million people, respectively, medical and social screening of employees is not considered for the time being
The exclusive product position will be maintained; 4) due to good industry competitive patterns, reference to the pd test costs, we assumed a price of $30 per person, with a net profit rate of about 45 per cent in 2026. 1.4 microcard vaccine is global exclusive, with nearly 1 billion highly profitable products.
cde data show that the three-stage clinical trials for microcard vaccine are for the population aged 15-65, with a two-week vaccination process, with a total of 6 doses, or 6 doses per person; with regard to sales projections, the core assumption is that 1) only the student population is taken into account, with the same number of students screened for ec reagents in 2020-2028.
The above table (high school + high school, without taking into account the expansion of the microcard age group); 2) assumes that 20 per cent of the number of latent nodules are screened; 3) at present the company has only declared that the company will maintain exclusive product status for the next four to five years. (4) Due to the potential population of adult vaccinations and the expansion of the approved age (primary + junior secondary school), we believe that the microcard market space is expected to be over-expected.
1.5ac-hib triple seedlings: Powder has been reported and 1 billion net profit grade heavy-pound varieties have been the main competitions for the company ' s three seedlings from the point of view of non-repeating Hib vaccines: 1)hib single seedlings; 2) Qan Thai organism ' s 100-b flu haemophilus influenzae (dtap-hib) four seedlings: 3) Samofi ' s haemophilus influenzae type 100-b
The data from the National Statistical Office show that 15.23 million people were born in 2018, and on the basis of year-on-year distributions, we estimate that the average annual vaccination rate for hib-related vaccines (including single and multiple seedlings) has stabilized at around 26 million in the last eight years.
According to the National Statistics Office, the average annual birth rate for the “12th Five” period was 16.44 million people, or nearly 40 per cent of the Hib vaccination rate.
It is gradually replacing the heb single seedlings, which in 2019 were issued in excess of the heb single seed. We expect to reach maturity, with a penetration rate of about 15% for all three seedlings, with 30,000 people at 3 per person, corresponding to 67.5 to 9 million.
Seven million, with an optimistic sales peak of 9 million. 9 million: 3) D.O.L. organisms are now entering the clinical phase of three, and the rest have not seen the D3G clinical trials. Given the company’s clear marketing advantages, it is expected that the company will remain product-dominated for the next five years.
There is a good pattern of competition in the industry, and we expect to stabilize the price of the Westwood Bottle Factory at 210, the price of the newly marketed pre-filled package at 273, and the net profit rate of the company at 55%. According to the model, we believe that the triple seedlings can be produced in the future without taking into account the falling cost rates.
In particular, on 1 April 2019, the company announced that the ac-hib triple seedlings (with an aluminum water pin) could not be re-registered and could not start production, and that the improved version of the ac-hib triple seedlings (without the aluminum powder needles) had completed three phases of clinical treatment.
At present, in the state of pre-nda, we expect approval by the end of 2020, i.e., in 2020 only, when the supply of the triple seedlings was strained/shortened, smaller and currently in the state of pre-nda, and although the probability is very low, there is still a risk that approval and listing will not be as fast as expected. In addition to the triple seedlings, companies are selling four-priced cerebral multi-sugar vaccines, ac-combined vaccines, hib-combined vaccines, etc.
Given that the company, as the vaccine company with the strongest domestic marketing capacity, was affected by the supply of triple seedlings in 2020, we believe that the company will increase its promotion of these varieties and that it is not expected to be disproportionately affected by the sale of its own products in 2020.2 The proxy product: the market ceiling is far from being reached and performance continues to flare up over three years.
2.1 The company sales network is the strongest in the country, with 2,340 level III hospitals and 8,422 level II hospitals operating from the top to the bottom, for strategic cooperation. The final stage in the use and promotion of vaccines is the vaccination point, with nearly 50,000 vaccination sites in the country distributed among grass-roots town guards.
The health services centres in the residential and street offices, i.e., the marketing of vaccines, need to be promoted directly at the grass-roots level and require a strong coverage network.
In 2016, the State introduced a new amendment to the Regulations on the Administration of Vaccination Circulation and Preventive Vaccination, introducing a “one vote” for vaccines. Industrial enterprises distribute and issue tickets directly to the county for disease control. Offshore vaccine manufacturers exporting vaccines to the country should designate an agency within the country to sell all vaccines imported by the manufacturer in a uniform manner and to carry out the vaccine production enterprises required by the Regulations on behalf of the manufacturer.