For the first time ever, single-season revenues stood at $2 billion, a record high. Companies sold $2.07 billion, or 14.2 per cent over the ring, and for the first time stood at $2.0 billion in a single-season period, up to an all-time high, mainly in the first quarter of the year.
The decrease in inch output has brought the quarterly exit ring to a level; 2) with the acceleration of localization demand, the supply of chip packages in key market areas has been in short supply, the price of the 12 inch part of the node has been better, and the product mix has been optimized, resulting in an increase in the average sales unit ring ratio of the companies in the three quarters.
The company added 21,000 additional 12-inch monthly production capacity and quickly moved to production, adding relatively high value, promoting further product optimization and an increase in the average unit sales ring ratio; overall capacity utilization; Chinese clients gradually entering the market for medium- and high-end products. The company’s sales revenue is in the region.
By category, China, the United States, the Eurasian region account for 86%, 11%, and 3% respectively.
The Division mentioned that, in response to geopolitical considerations and the demand of the Chinese market, some of its overseas clients had carried out a certain amount of pulls in the second quarter, resulting in a drop of six percentage points in the three-quarters income relative to the ring: Chinese customers were driven by accelerated localization and good overall export demand.
Quick to the middle- and high-end product market, with income rising by 6 percentage points in the three-quarter round. Consumption is gradually recovering, consumer product functions are upgraded to the ground, and exports maintain good demand.
6%. The crystal circle income is classified in terms of final application, smartphones, computers and flats, consumer electricity, interconnectivity and apparel, industry and automobiles 25%, 16%, 43%, 8% and 8% respectively. Consumers are the ones with the largest current share of corporate income, because companies are classified for consumption.
The definition is broad. Companies see demand in consumer-type markets gradually recovering, consumer product performance escalating, and exports maintaining good demand. Crystal round revenues by size, 8 inches, drop to 21.5 per cent as a result of partial lifts to the second quarter; 12 inches overall close.
From the platform, bcd’s good demand led to orders, driving up the 8-inch utilization rate. Over the last few quarters, the company’s 12-inch capacity was in short supply, and some of the previous client orders could not be completed.
All right. Four quarters is a traditional light season, with clients looking at plans that were drawn up at the beginning of the year, and some of the non-achievement of the reduced amount will occur in the fourth quarter. While the client's willingness to deliver and receive the goods in the fourth quarter may not be so strong, after consultation with the client, the company's delivery in the fourth quarter is not too much.
In addition, the company is expected to release an additional 30,000 12 inches of monthly capacity in four quarters, but additional capacity will take time to validate. The company, which we expect to reduce overall capacity utilization and output in four quarters, hopes to raise the average sales unit price by optimizing the product mix, thereby safeguarding it.
The four-quarter income was not affected, with a moderate increase in the ring ratio, resulting in a ratio of Māori relative to the performance of the first three quarters and the median of the four-quarter guidelines.
Support for the development of automobile, industrial and new energy markets. Risks of industrial policy changes; less than expected market demand; less advanced process progress; increased maturity process competition; geopolitical risks; and exchange rate volatility risks.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.