The crystal circle home-grown demand drives a new high of income and the single-season Māori rate significantly improves Investment rating: Mid-Key International achieved $41.9 billion in the first three quarters of 2024, a 27 per cent increase over the previous quarter;
Net profit of $2.7 billion, a decline of 26 per cent in the same year; net profit of $2.2 billion from non-return to the mother, a decline in demand for localization that boosts a single-season income, and a significant increase in the unit ring ratio that brings about a significant improvement in Māori as the demand for crystal circle localization accelerates, with a better price for the 12 inch part of the node, adding up the output.
q3 has a record high income. q3 has continued to improve its capacity utilization, reaching 90% + (ring ratio + 5 pct).
The 12-inch ratio rose, average unit prices recovered for the first time after five consecutive quarters, q4 was still optimistic under the Q-temperature recovery, capex pressure was expected to subside, companies were seeing a moderate recovery in the semiconductor sector as a whole, consumer markets were gradually recovering with unit prices.
With a higher 12-inch rise, the company expects the q4 income ring ratio to +0-2%, and the Māori ratio will reach 25% globally, leaping to the top of the world. The company, as a home-grown crystal maker, is expected to benefit fully from national production. The company has been active in producing capacity in recent years.
The expansion, with 20,000 additional 12-inch monthly capacity added to q3, is expected to release another 30,000 units in q4, with the monthly production of q3 capex at the end of the year amounting to RMB 8.4 billion, a 48% decline in the ring, falling back to the level of 23q1. The company expects a smaller increase in capacity next year than this year.
In short, we expect that next year, with less pressure from capex, and more demand for localization, companies are expected to enter a period of release. Industry is recovering less than expected, and geopolitical conflicts are intensifying.
1. China Point International: The income ring has continued to rise, the All Time Fund Investment Department and others have had eight years of buyer experience; Li Meihyun, a Master ' s degree from the Chinese People ' s University, joined the Huaan Securities Agency in January 2024.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information and using publicly available information from the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.