In millions of dollars, the ring grew by 9%. Of these, more than 2.11 million pieces of about 8-inch equivalent crystals came out, demand-side: 24q2 medium- and low-end consumer electronics gradually recovered, from design companies to terminal manufacturers, and the links in the industrial chain took up more market shares in order to seize the opportunity and build.
At the same time, as a result of the cuts and changes in the supply chain brought about by geopolitics, some customers have been given the opportunity to cut into the industry chain, creating new demands for companies. Clients often have rapid demands for stock adjustments to cope with changing markets.
The sales revenues are distributed to the company in a regional way, with China, the United States, and Eurasia accounting for 80%, 16%, and 4%, respectively. For geopolitical reasons, and in response to China’s market demand, some overseas customers need to build inventories to stabilize the market.
The risk of hedging the market has led to a certain pull, pulling a sub-product from the second half of the year to the first half of the year. As a result, the income share of overseas clients has risen. By service type, the income of the crystal round is 93% and the other income is 7%.
By category, smartphones, computers and tablets, consumer electronics, interconnectivity and wearingability, the highest/lowest price of workers in 52 weeks, the growth energy of the quarter comes mainly from platforms that are widely used for the consumption of electronics and smart phones.
For example, bcd platforms, including power management, switch stabilizers, led drives, sales income nominees hkscc
The ring ratio grew by more than 20%; the radio frequency cmos platform, including bluetooth, wii-fi, receivers/receivers, etc., increased sales earnings by almost 30%.
Quarterlys have been near-full, with some additional productive capacity added in the first half of the year, and new production has been rapidly put into production, with the company ' s combined production capacity increasing to 85% and the ring increasing by 4 percentage points.
Mainly 1) due to geopolitical influences, localized demand has accelerated, and in several major cities, the production of chip packages has been in short supply, 12 inch capacity is very tight, prices are good; 2) companies are expanding their production this year by 12 inches, value added is relatively high, and new expansions are available.
Fully exploited and generated revenues that contributed to optimized product mix adjustment: 12 inches of net product filling, 8 inches of volume reduction, three quarters of output, and two quarters. Overall, the company ' s 24q3 quarter is usually a traditional light season, and the company ' s view is cautiously optimistic, but with some uncertainty.
The overall pattern for the year as a whole, based on the unaudited performance of the first half of the year and the guidelines for the third quarter, is broadly defined. Without any significant change in the external environment, the company aims to sell revenues in the amount of US$ million. In the medium and long term, the global semiconductor industry is both cyclical and growth-oriented, short-term supply.
The need for imbalances does not affect the medium- and long-term well-being of the industry. With the rising demand for end-equipment intelligence, the continued increase in the size of the market, the upswing of industrial chains, and the emergence of crystal-round work as a key industry at the end of the industry chain, capacity utilization is expected to recover gradually, leading to sustained medium- and long-term growth.
In recent years, the trend towards regionalization of the semiconductor sector has become more evident, with some countries and regions actively laying out more industrial capacity in the crystallized circle. For global supply and demand, “localfor local, chinaforchina” is the current pattern.
With regard to expansion, the company expects an overall increase in capacity of about 60,000 pieces of 12 inches per month compared to the end of last year. As the company ' s new 12 inch capacity is being used effectively and the product structure is being optimized, the depreciation effect is gradually increasing.
Risks of industrial policy change; market demand below expectations; advanced process progress below expectations; increased maturity process competition; geopolitical risks; and exchange rate fluctuations. Data used in the present report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.