China's continental integrated circuit manufacturing leaders are expected to benefit from the pilot industrial intelligence and high-speed computing performance needs — a study on the dynamics of China Harbour International (688981.sh).
▪ Leader of Integrated Circuit Manufacturing in mainland China, Platform Ecowear $1050521120001 service model to provide one-stop service packages
The center core international is one of the world's leading integrated circuit crystal circle industries, and one of the leading producers of integrated circuits in China and China, ranked fourth in the world in terms of sales in 2023 according to the world's pure crystal circle industries.
The company has the leading process manufacturing power, production power, and service packages, providing 8 inches and 12 inches of crystal round manufacturing and technology services to global customers. In addition to integrated circuit crystal round workers, the company is committed to doing the same.
Created a platform-based eco-service model to provide client design services with one-stop packages such as ip-container, photo masking and other, and to promote upstream and downstream synergies in the integrated circuit industry chain, working with partners in the various segments of the industry chain
Integrated circuit solutions for the entire spectrum. Intelligent and high-speed computing performance needs become the main driving forces of the market, and smart end product upgrades the temperature and catalytic switch.
The excellence of the pilot industry in the pursuit of intelligent and high-speed computing performances continues to drive the rapid growth of leading firms in the relevant application areas, becoming the main driving force behind the overall market size of the semiconductor, with the industry experiencing an explosive growth.
Functional upgrades and performance upgrades of smart terminal products, market exchange of mildly catalytic smart hands, personal computers, worn equipment, consumer electronics, etc., end-up income ring + 14 per cent, $2.17 billion, first-time single-season $2 billion
In terms of capacity, the company added 21,000 12 inches of capacity, promoting further optimization of the product structure and an increase in the average unit price. The overall capacity utilization rate rose to 90.4%, and the Māori rate rose to 20.5%.
It's 199, 148, 121 times the size of China's mainland integrated circuits, one of the world's leading integrated circuit crystal-crys generation industries, with rare gaps and importance, covering it for the first time, with an investment rating for “buy-in”
▪ The Electronic Communications Group presented Mao Jianxian: Three years of US semiconductor company work experience in the world.
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, held in Go Yonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, successively employed in China Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master ' s degree, National University of Australia, held in Fangzheng Securities, four years ' experience in research, 2023.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.