Performance meets expectations, increased R & D investment in product-rich pipelines, 25 April 2018 Business is less affected by policy
Jodji Xu Wangyang announced a quarterly report in 2018, with $7,837 million in the company's 2018q1 battalion, a year-on-year increase.
9.61 per cent; net profit of shareholders belonging to parent companies of $659 million, an increase of 21.17 per cent over the same period; withholding of non-belonging mothers.
The marginal effects of sales layout inputs are gradually magnified, and profits are increasing at an increasing rate. 2018q1 company has a Māori rate of 31.65 per cent, an increase of 5.53 percentage points over 2017 and a net profit rate of 8.81 per cent.
In line with expectations, efforts to develop and strengthen companies in line with long-term expectations for quality generic development belts are expected to generate less than 10 per cent of the business revenues of the 20101 company, following the full implementation of the two-vote system, including health insurance in Zhejiang province
1. The pharmaceutical industry: 100% of the capsules, the Acapose sugar, have benefited from health care adjustments and the expansion of clinics, and the growth of second-line varieties has been rapid.
The renal failure and fibrosis of the lung were adjusted to be a “gas blood double supplement” free of assisted medication, and 100% of the capsules would be widely used in other sections. The current size is estimated at around 2.3 billion and is expected to maintain an increase of around 15%.
In February, a new version of the health insurance was published, with Acapo sugar rising from class B to category A, with a substantial increase in the reimbursement rate and a faster increase in the range of varieties. At the same time, the evaluation of the consistency of Acapo sugar tablets products is progressing well and is now in the declaration phase, and with the consistent assessment policy of the various locations, it is expected to accelerate the import substitution process (currently 66 per cent at the end of the public hospital and 29 per cent at the company level).
There is still much room at the grass-roots level and in the community, and sales are expected to increase rapidly. The current sales are estimated at 2 billion dollars, combined with the co-generation of hospital immunosuppressants product lines, which are expected to increase at an overall rate of 30%. There are more than a dozen drugs available in the domestic immunosuppressants market, and the city currently accounts for the top three drugs: Tecrmos, McCoscophenol, and cyclopsol. The immunosuppressants market is complete.
The market for immunosuppressants is rising. Health insurance provides new growth points, and his Kemos overseas certification is expected to open up international markets.2
The company invested heavily in R & D, with a management fee of $246 million, an increase of 45 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of increased investment in R & D. In 2017, two new drug production batches and six new drug clinical batches were obtained, research and marketing established a linkage mechanism for the redevelopment of products, and eight products completed the preparation of be samples, including a production certificate for the meds.
Two new clinical prescriptions (15,850 mg) for double-polymers and dabawan and its frozen dry powder needles. Three two-stage clinical programmes, one-line, two-line, three-line and more, have been completed in Myvartini, and are expected to be fully implemented in 2018; hd 1182017, with a new clinical approval.
Clinical samples are being prepared, and clinical trials are about to begin. The new Lilalupi injection drug has now started a clinical drug substitution study, and work is under way on a code for the production of 100-year films from the New Pharmacy Institute of the East China Medicine Group and a clinical approval for the adaptation of Lilalu diet from the nine sources of genetic workers in Hangzhou Ltd. In April, the company Akapopose completed the Be test.
The company’s sales cost is 1.339 billion yuan, an increase of 19 per cent over the same period, and the company’s grass-roots configuration is sustained. The company has been supported by an affirmative policy that has led to a significant expansion of the market for basic hospitals, such as county hospitals and communities, and the upgrading of the operations of district hospitals and community hospitals.
Using the branding effect and therapeutic slogans of 100% of products, a dedicated team is set up to explore the national market for otc and self-funded patients.
We believe that the restructuring of the health-care catalogue and the bidding for medicines will lead to the release of the company’s medicines, that the rich stock of varieties will provide the company with the potential to develop, and that the policy’s integration of the pharmaceutical business as a regional leader in the flow of medicine in Zhejiang province will benefit significantly. Therefore, we maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The promotion of front-line products, such as 100% capsules and Acapose sugar, has fallen short of expectations; commercial integration has fallen short of expectations; the promotion of second-line varieties has fallen short of expectations; the construction of grass-roots channels has fallen short of expectations; and research and development has progressed below expectations.