The pharmaceutical industry has continued to grow steadily, and the pharmaceutical business has been disturbed by short-term “two-vote” factors.
The overall growth in corporate revenue during the reporting period was 9.66 per cent, a fall of 7.2 per cent over the previous year, of which q4 recorded a gain of 6381 million in 17 years, a decline of 1.22 per cent over the same period. This is mainly due to the introduction of the Zhejiang bi-vote system in November 2017, which has a greater impact on the transfer of business distribution (over $1 billion), and this year.
The negative impact of the “two votes” will gradually be eliminated this year, but the profit margin for the transfer of the business will be low, thus having a less negative impact on the company's overall operating profits. During the reporting period, the central subject of the pharmaceutical industry, China and the United States, achieved $6,613 million in revenues.
A net gain of 1,336 million, or 21.72% and 21.57%, respectively, continued to grow robustly. Medicines, for example, maintained a steady growth in the company’s main varieties, with seven large varieties selling more than a billion yuan a year: a core variety of 100% capsules and Akapo sugar, which generated more than 2 billion dollars.
The bag is growing at an annual rate of about 15 per cent, while at the same time actively developing the otc retail end, it is expected to remain available for a period of 18 years, benefiting from grass-roots penetration (1/3 product team responsible for grass-roots development), health-care catalogue adjustments (B-upgrade A) and market substitution under consistency evaluation (be clinical studies have been completed and entered)
Billion, and the new complex (15,850 mg) is about to be clinically developed, and the varieties will continue to grow at a certain market speed in the future as the product specifications increase and the sales power increases; the transplanted immune product is expected to grow by 20 per cent, with an overall income of about 800 million, and will grow as the market outside the compound grows.
The product lines are well marketed, and it is expected that this year the industrial plate will continue to be protected by factors such as the power of the primary variety sales, the reimbursement of health insurance, the readjustment of the perimeter and the release of new products (the new health insurance for datocin, etc.).
Research and development is expected to increase further this year (+30 per cent or more) to be used for research and development on new medicines, overseas certification of products and evaluation of consistency. The company introduced small molecules, glp-1 oral diabetes drugs, tttp-273, during the reporting period, with the expectation that clinical research will be officially launched in the second half of this year;
The Lilalupi project has established a clinical programme, which is expected to complete and report all clinical work in 19 years, and will significantly enhance the competitiveness of the company ' s diabetic line products in the future, along with studies related to fertility reduction; the commodela capsule completed clinical trials and was produced by the end of 17;
The anti-cancer drug, Mywateni, has completed its clinical trials and is developing its own clinical programme, and a large-scale multi-centre clinical trial is expected this year; the Dpp-4 category for type 2 diabetes is about to be developed. In addition to Acarbo Sugar, the company currently has a number of different types of clinical research.
At the pre-ear or formal stage. At the same time, the company is working in the field of strong tradition, and through a series of research and development-line layouts, it is actively expanding into four new areas: anti-cancer, cardiovascular, anti-heavy infection, biological and mono-resistant drugs, which will gradually enter the harvest period.
Consider the market performance of the company's existing dominant species over the next few years and the distribution of the product cluster around major diseases such as diabetes, while observing the market integration of the two-vote system for the company's pharmaceutical business, the risks of less than expected, and the risks of less progress in the development of new medicines.