The industrial plate is growing faster, the product layout is rich, the industrial plate is growing faster, and the commercial plate is slowing down its income, which is affected by the "two votes" system.
In terms of products: 1) the sales of both the core products 100% capsule and the Akapo sugar are over 2 billion yuan, of which the sales of the Akapo sugar are increasing at about 30% and the sales of the capsules at around 15%; 2) in terms of immune inhibitors, the company owns cytocin, is there McCorn ester, is there a Tecmo?
First-line drug use, which in 2017 benefited from the expansion of the new Health Insurance Directory and accelerated oral substitution, with sales increasing at a higher rate than in 2016; 3) with regard to digestive-type products, the company toranium has both powder needles and intestinal capsules, with a robust increase in sales expected in 2017.
Income structure (2017) 21.57%. We believe that the company ' s priority products have long benefited from an adjustment of the health insurance catalogue, while the Department of Public Administration has been active in expanding the distribution channels through the expansion of the section, the otc market and so on.
The main reason for the slowdown was the implementation of the “two votes” in Zhejiang province in November 2017, and the company's 2017,q4 transfer operations were significantly reduced. We believe that the company, as a leading pharmaceutical business leader in Zhejiang province, has a commercial network and a deep penetration network of grass-roots end markets covering Zhejiang province.
As the impact of policies such as the "two votes" is gradually digested and companies expand the proportion of pure sales, the growth rate of business sector revenues is expected to pick up and expand the company's pharmaceutical distribution market in Zhejiang Province.
The company spent $472 million on R&D in 2017, an increase of the same year. New inhibitors have been approved for clinical treatment, enriching the diabetic pipe layout 74.84%. The company continued to promote priority R&D projects in 2017: Mywateni has completed the i-clinic.
Test, ongoing design of ii clinical programme; new drug Hd118 for category dpp-4 is clinically available.
Medicines of the glp-1 type, diabetic tubes added to the production declaration at the end of the year: production of 100 orders from the New Medicines Institute of the East China Medicine Group is under way - December 25, 2017
In 2017, the company introduced several heavy-pound products such as Lilalupe and ttp273 in the east of Central America, and has now developed a series of medications in the field of diabetes treatment, which is dominated by Acapose.
We have also been active in the development of innovative medicines based on generic drugs, and more than 20 drug varieties have been developed for the treatment of diabetes mellitus and its complications, including, inter alia, hd118, Karglé, tragletine, ditesulin, Mentun insulin, delta insulin, rummonium, etc.
The Division has initially developed full coverage of clinically mainstream diabetes medications and has been active in expanding the field of treatment for major diseases such as neoplasms, brain, vascular and hyperresistance, with a projected increase of over 30 per cent in R & D costs in 2018, which is expected to lead to faster growth in corporate overall performance in the future as research products continue to be blinded.
Industrial policy risks such as double-ticketing, lower prices for medicines; less than expected sales of priority products; less than expected risk of product development than the median 18-year marketed company market rate of 20.93 times the average market rate of water in the industry.
Ping. We believe that: 1) the company ' s priority products benefit from long-term health-care catalogue adjustments, and the industrial sector is expected to maintain a faster pace of performance growth; 2) the company is researching a wealth of products, continuing to promote new drug research and development and increasing its investment in research and development to provide a long-term boost to the growth of corporate performance; 3) the business sector is looking forward to increasing its performance.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, will not be, and will not be, relevant to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.