What kind of market is a company study on technology (68808), pcierettimer?
Pcle 4.0/5.0 signal decay cannot be ignored, retimer or mainstream solution, with the development of big data, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, etc., the need for high-speed hardware in the server becomes more pressing. pcie relies on high-speed transmission speed to become the main source of the server's bus.
There are two main solutions: retimer and high-speed pcb boards. Retimer deals more economically.
The market size of the market is expected to reach hundreds of millions of dollars in the next 3-5 years, when the market size of the market was largely driven by major market demand.
Move impact, specifically: server vendor rolls up a pcie 4.0 server homeboard with a right slot to install retimmer extended cards on the server when the user so requires, to support the corresponding equipment, such as nvme hard disk, gpu or webcard, when pcie 4.0 is used
When the equipment increases, there will be a gradual increase in demand for retimer. In the era of pclea 5.0, it is expected that retimer will be placed directly on the main board to ensure the steady transmission of the signal, and the market size will be determined by the supply of the server vendor, i.e., any server host board that supports pcle5.0 will be mounted accordingly.
US$ million, the size of the market is expected to increase after the large-scale application of pcle 5.0 in 2023-2025, and the potential for future development is high, except for companies, where American companies asteralabs and Taiwan are the main competitors in the industry.
Hand. Asteralabs, a start-up company with a major research orientation, was awarded the "Stewardship of the Dollar Securities Company - Inc. " (688008), in April 2020: a pre-established Taiwan listing company, which became a signal decay solution in the pcie 3.0 era.
The company starts later than its competitors, but reflects its own strengths in research and development, tracking and accelerating the recovery of upstream demand for servers.
We think that companies are the only ones that have ever done their production just one quarter later than their competitors, and that the quality of their products is less competitive than the quality of their competitors, such as the idt, ti and so on. Research-and-construct technology (688008): plant data.
The mainland supplier of the home retimer is expected to replicate the success of the year in the field of internal storage interfaces, with city occupancy expected to increase over the next few years and further increase competitiveness in an era of 5.0. Pcie, as a company’s newly opened business, will have great imagination in the future.
We believe that the potential for future growth in corporate performance will not raise the demand for high-speed ssd, gpu, etc.
1. Why is the pcle bus a future trend, and with the development of technology such as big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, computer equipment has an increasing demand for data transmission, high-performance computers and the main lines used by data centres are constantly being updated and overtaken.
This pcle has a faster transmission speed and a more generic type than the other mainstream bus, and will be the first advantage of 1.1pcle: a higher transmission speed peripheralcomponentintercontractress is a high-speed computer data transfer.
bus, the bus interface to the external hardware device is called the pcle interface. The bus is a circuit on the computer's main board for data interactions between different devices, and the amount of data transmitted over a unit time is called bandwidth, and with the development of electro-cerebral technology and downstream applications, from the emergence of past high-resolution videos, 3a games, video clips to the present manual.
The maturity of smart, cloud-interactive technologies and the increasing bandwidth demands of downstream users on the bus range, from the first-time isa bus with the first computer to the current pcie bus, which has undergone several updates and overlaps. The pcie bus has now become the most rapid transmission bus in mainstream applications.
The biggest difference between pcie and previous bus interfaces, such as pci, pci-x, is that pcie switched from previous side-to-line data transfers to serial data transfers. By point-to-point serial connections, pc1e links are independent and do not affect each other, compared to pci and sharing parallels of earlier computer bus lines.
Builds, each device has its own special connection and does not require bandwidth to be requested from the entire bus. Moreover, and on the bus, multiple data transmissions are required to be synchronized, so that each data transfer needs to be balanced, and if signal interference causes a data slot to be lost, it needs to be retransmitted, resulting in faster transmissions.
Large limits. In the chain bus, as each chain data is transmitted independently, it is possible to increase the speed of transmission significantly without considering the difficulty of signal interference and synchronization.
Parallel links, serial links, specifically, using the current mainstream hard disk bus, which, apart from pclé, is now being used more broadly.
And sata, sas, et cetera. The sata is characterized by the relatively low cost of its terminal external connection equipment, but the data are slow to interact, so it is more common in civil use; sas is characterized by the ability to allow multiple devices to run simultaneously, and its interfaces are compatible with the sata device, which is applied more often to the server. As can be seen from the table below, pclé
The current mainstream gen3.0pclex1 speed is 1 gb/s, pclex16 is 16 gb/s, pcle version published annually, but the mainstream market still uses the third generation (gen3,3.0) pcie interface.
The main reason for the delay in the development of industry standards is that the cpu that supports the new version of the pcie bus standard is slower. Intel has now launched a cpuicelake that supports pcie 4.0 in January 2021. It will be used on a large scale in the second quarter, when pcie 4.0 will be ready for development.
1.2pcle advantage two: greater interoperability and compatibility with different types of equipment is more standard and can be compatible with different types of protocols and interfaces, thus making the host design more concise and without the need to reserve more different types of interfaces.
In the interface form, pcie has specifications such as x1, x4, x8 and x16, and the slots reflect the different lengths in the physical form, with the pclex16, pclex4 and pclex1 specifications on the main panels below (except for x1, the black shadow part of the slots is shorter than the right slot). The pcle devices of the different specifications are compatible with each other.
If a hard disk of x4 can be inserted on a slot of x8 or x16, a visible card of x16 may also be inserted on a slot of x8 (although this would limit the speed of transmission to the upper limit of x8).
Non-type devices can be inserted on the same slots, such as flashcards, sound cards, pick-up cards, transfer cards, hard disks, etc., and can be connected to the pcie bus by transfer, even if they are different interface types. For example, the pcie bus can support hard drives using the arci, nvme and scsi protocols, with dataexpress, m.2,
A variety of interfaces, pcie, u.2 and the like, are easy to reconcile with the currently non-used type of equipment. 2. Why would retimer benefit from the development of pcle? With pcie’s exponential growth of transmission speed per generation, signal decay has gradually become a limit on the layout of the pcie bus.
A major problem is that the solutions that have emerged include, among others, redriver, retimer chips and high-speed pcbboards, the third. In our view, in the era of pcie 4.0/5.0, the retimer chip solution has a better signal quality, a quantitative upgrading capability, and a higher value for money, which will be one of the most beneficial chips for pcie development.
2.1 High-performance pcie will have more serious transmission signal decay as the pcie bus moves faster and the frequency of work increases, and the question of transmission signal decay becomes even more acute.
The transmission frequency has risen from 2.5gt/s in the first generation (pcie1.0) to 16gt/s in the fourth generation, and will soon also enter 32gt/s in the fifth generation. For example, the pcie 4.0 working frequency of 16ghz, which is about 2.3db/in on the normal pcb board, while the pcie 4.0 standard end-to-end allows the transport loss budget.
For 28db, it means that when a signal is transmitted at a distance of more than 13 inches, there is a problem of decay, and if a pcie 5.0 is used, the signal is reduced to a distance of more than 9 inches. So how to ensure the stability and integrity of the signal is a limiting factor for further high-speed transmission rates.
There are three types of solutions to signal decay that are currently common on the market, the signal repeater/moderator (redriver), retimer (retimer) and high-speed pcb plates. We expect the pcie (e.g. pcie 4.0 and pcie 5.0) to become mainstream when high-bandwidth pcie (e.g. pcie4.0 and pcie 5.0) is gradually becoming more dominant.
2.2 retimer chips or the best solution to the signal decay problem, and the redriver chip boosts the transmission of information by magnifying the signal, reducing the speed of the pcb plate.
Different mass, retimer chips can fully restore the data signal and reboot it, better than the redriver signal, and the retimeer chip is priced at a higher speed of pcb plates, or they can be the best solution to the problem of decomposition.
2.2.1 Redriver: Magnified signal redriver is a chip that functions as a signal repeater that can magnify signals and add signal quality to high-speed interfaces. By using technologies such as equivalence, pre-emphasis, etc.
To adjust and correct the loss of channel signals on the transmission end and restore the integrity of the signal on the receiving end is an analogue signal device. Redliver's signal circuits usually include a ctle (continoustimelinear equilibizer), a broadband gain node, and a linear drive. Moreover, redriver usually has a linear drive.
Input signal decay threshold detection and output receiving (rx) detection function. 2.2.2.2 retimer chip: regenerating the signal retimeer is a mixture of digital + analogue signals that have a perceptive ability to fully restore data.
The signal is re-emitted. Specifically, the calibrated clock in the input signal is extracted through its embedded clock data (clockanddata recover, cdr) to re-transmit the data using a complete undeformed clock to form a new copy of the original data signal.
, the retimer chip contains the above-mentioned cdr circuit and a decision feedback equalizer (decisionfeedbackqualizer, dfe) and a transmission signal (tx) limited pulse response (finiteimpulseresponse, fer).
Macinnes, fsms) or microcontrols to auto-adapt the ctle, broadband profit nodes, dfe, and fir drives to achieve the pcieltsm (linktrainingandstatusstatemachine). Retimer, a pattern that restores the data and then retransmits the signal through a serial channel, can be effectively solved.
Figure 6: Frame map of retimer principles 2.2.3 High-speed pcb board: reduction of signal transmission losses
High-speed panels, which are used in high-speed pcb for low-deficit panels, can significantly reduce signal decay, but are expensive. This class has a higher parameter than the fr4 plates used in normal pcb. Low-media constants: High-speed pcb panels typically seek lower-end media constants for insulation materials.
Because the circuit board can be seen as a capacitor, and when there's a signal transmission in the wire, there's a part of the energy accumulated by the circuit board, causing loss and delay in the signal transmission, and the more obvious the loss and delay is when the signal frequency is higher and the frequency of the material interface is higher.
Low fugitive factor: The insulation material in the high-speed pcb plate is typically low fugitive factor, which is a feature of the insulation material. The lower the dispersive factor, the less the same frequency and transmission loss under power, the more flat the surface is: pcie 4.0 is being spread at the moment, pcie 5.0 is imminent.
In the coming era, the frequency of signal transmissions between circuit board conductors is increasing, and these high-frequency signals are transmitted between conductors, mainly on the surface of the conductor material, because of the skin-composition effect. If the surface of the conductor is not flat enough, it will cause heat loss and loss of signal energy.
So high-speed pcb plates require a more flat surface roughness of the conductor to improve signal quality. 2.2.4 is a better comparison than redriver, and cheaper than high-speed pcb plates, retimer and redriver are working on the physical layer, but there's a big difference in functioning machines.
Retimer is a high-speed string/serdes device with digital signal processing (dsp) capability. Even if the signal received is compatible with interference, retimer can recreate the clean communication signal with dsp, which is very effective in restoring the data. And redriver simply enhances the original signal.
Complementing energy in the physical layer is not efficient in handling hybrid data, because during this process the noise in the signal is also enhanced. The following graph shows the effect of the image after the original communication signal is treated by redriver and retimer chips respectively (the thinner line in the next picture is the higher the signal quality).
Compared to the high-speed pcb board, the advantage of retimer is mainly economic. According to our industry survey, if the pcb upgrade programme is used, individual panel upgrades would have the potential to cost an extra $100, while the retimer option is expected to result in a significant reduction.
In conclusion, we believe that, as the speed of data transmission increases, pcletimmer will have a better prospect of becoming a mainstream package on the server, high-speed network exchange equipment mainframe. How will the market space for the 3.pcletimmer chip change?
In our view, in the pcie 4.0 era, the market size of retimer was largely driven by major market demand, specifically: server manufacturers rolled out the server main board supporting pcie 4.0 with a corresponding slot, and users could install retimmer extended cards on the server to support the corresponding equipment, such as nvme, when needed.
Hard drives, gpu or web cards, etc., will gradually increase the demand for retimer when the pcle 4.0 equipment is used. In the pcle 5.0 era, retimer is expected to be placed directly on the main board to ensure stable transmission of signals. The market size is determined by the supply of the server vendor, i.e., any server main board that supports pcie 5.0 will be supplied.
The market size is estimated to be about $70-80 million in 2021 and is expected to increase by 3.1 pcletimer with a variety of applications after a large-scale application of 2023-2025 pcie 5.0
Simply put, retimer has two options, one on the extended card and the other on the main board. In the era of pclé 4.0, retimer is mainly fitted to the card and is used when there is a need, as shown in figure 10 and figure 11. And in the era of pclé 5.0, retimer will assemble with the pcie slot on the board, as shown in figure 12-13, the market.
Figure 10: Retimer on the extended card, attached by cable, Figure 11: Retimer on the extended card, inserted on the extended card, Figure 12: Retimer configured on the main panel
The current retimer chip is mainly X4, X8 and X16. The following graph shows a reference design for a retimer chip with an X16 on the riser card.
The retimer market is now going from zero to one, which is mainly demand-oriented. If the server market does not move gradually into the era of pclé 5.0, the retimer chip market will start to explode from one to two. The retimer chip price is usually related to the number of routes it supports, and we assume the corresponding price is around $1.5/link.
Based on this assumption, we can estimate that the retimeer chip can be applied to server gpu, server hard disks, etc. 3.2 server gpu increment is clearly large-scale gpu in the ai server, and that gpu often allows for data interactions with cpu
The pcie bus is directly connected to cpu, which requires a retimeer chip to guarantee the quality of data transmission. Considering that the size of the i server market is influenced by developments in artificial intelligence, we predict that the retimer chip has about $15 million in market space in the server gpu.
At least one retimer is required for the connection of the acceleration card to the main plate in the 3.2.1ai server, and it appears from the specific solution that many of them will be equipped with several retimer chips, as in the case of four retimer devices provided by asteralabs.
But many of the options are also to stabilize the data signal using switch inside the accelerated card, and the switch chip is able to make multi-routine adjustments based on the integration of retimer functions, which apply to more than one cent of the bus structure, and its market space is also very large, but because of our differences with the retimer chip application scene, we have a lot of things to do.
The switch market is not considered in the calculation. But whatever the internal structure of the acceleration card, gpu's connection to cpu requires at least one retimer, and we assume that each one needs to use a retimer chip to guarantee the quality of the transmission and to measure it in this report.
3.2.2 Server gpu demand led to a boom in the retimer market, according to idc " Report of China ' s Iai Basic Structures Market Survey 2019 " , the total domestic iservator market amounted to 27.8 per cent in 2019.
In order to predict the size of the retimeer market created by the gpu part of the ai server, we have made the following assumptions:
While too conservative, we assume, for the sake of easy calculation, that each one of the ai servers uses a retimeer. Market size is almost equal to the increase in the volume of goods delivered by the server, and the share of domestic ai server markets in the world is almost equal to the share of domestic ai servers in the volume of goods delivered worldwide.
The price of pcie 4.0retimer chip has been reduced by about 10% per year since 2022. Given the corresponding penetration rates, we predict that by 2023, the pcle 4.0retimer chip will have a market size of $16 million in server gpu.
3.3 The server hard disk will provide approximately $136 million in space over the next three years for the retimer chip, which, in addition to benefiting from the need for a bus upgrade and expansion of the AI-ai server, is also open-ended in large numbers, the storage server market in the cloud computing field. Cloud computing, cloud service providers, data centres
Nvmessd or satassd will gradually be replaced by pcie 4.0 nvmessd. Mkw predicts that the firm nvmessd will reach approximately 4.522 million shipments in 2025.
Flexible system configuration capabilities, which may include data transfer bandwidth, capacity and availability of external equipment 1/0. For most big data, cloud storage, cloud computing manufacturers, nvme's system capacity and write-and-write bandwidth is the main consideration when selecting storage servers.
With a pcie extension card (aic), it helps to create multi-discreet nvmessd configurations. By the time of pcie 4.0, an extension card would have a retimeer chip around it to ensure the quality of data transmission during reading.
The retimer chip is supposed to guarantee the quality of the transmission of the signal. Before the year's pciegen 5.0-scale application, the pcie 4.0nvmessd market alone would provide a market space of $136 million for the retimer chip.
At the time of the 3.4pcle5.0, the retimer market would have reached about $530 million in 2025, and in the preceding calculations, only the market space for the retimer chip in the gpu and hard disk applications of the server would have been considered in the pcie 4.0 era. At the time of the pcie 4.0, the retimer chip was mostly configured on the extended card.
The downstream customers of cloud computing, artificial intelligence, big data, etc. are mostly demand-driven. And in the pcie 5.0 era, the remote pcle slot distance from cpu on the main board is more than 9 inches, and a retimer chip will be needed to secure this because of the further reduction in signal transmission distance (from 13 inches of gen4.0 to 9 inches).
The pcie slot interacts with the cpu information quality. So the retimer chip of the pcie 5.0 era will be fitted to the server's main board, which is an almost non-existent pcie 4.0-year assembly program. Digitimesresearch predicts that the number of global servers will reach 22.1 million in 2025.
We assume that in the future, pcle5.0, three x 16 retimer chips at around $2/link will be required for a server for cloud computing, artificial intelligence, big data, etc., taking into account the change in penetration rates in global servers, we predict that in 2025, pcie 5.0 retimer
Market space will reach $530 million, with cagr in 2023-2025 estimated at 139.8 per cent, which is a good interpretation of the future pcle 4.0 into the 5.0 era when the retimer chip is released from 1-n. 3.5 retimer market is expected to reach $600 million in size.
In the preceding part, we have predicted the market size of retimer in server gpu and nvmessd applications in the era of pclé 4.0, followed by the following assumptions in the predictive model for a more complete projection of the full retimer market size over the next five years:
Global e-server output grew by an average of 20% per year in 2023-2025. The server pcie 4.0 webcards have an average demand for x16 retimer.
To connect to external equipment such as gpu, nvmessd, and webcards, we can estimate the penetration rates to the global retimer chip market, which will reach $622 million in 2025 and about 98.9 per cent in 2020-2025.
What is the pattern of competition in the market of pcletimmer? The current market of the pcletimmer Blue Sea is three-pronged, with Puri-ky, asteralabs, and technology being the three major manufacturers, and Ti-idt has announced research but has not yet published it.
Products, including potential competitors such as microchip. 4.1 Sweeney: retimer has entered various American customer supply chains.
Seoul has subsidiaries, and has branches in Hong Kong, Taiwan, and the city of Kirk, Ireland.
The redriver chip was dominated, which is a sort of base chip built up by the retimer research and development of Pule 4.0. On August 13, 2020, the company announced the production of Ps8926, Ps8926a and the 16-link retimer chip.
At present, company-produced retimer has been certified through server platforms like Intel, amd, and has entered multiple customer supply chains and is more competitive.
Asteralabs, a company based in the centre of Silicon Valley, California, works to develop a dedicated connection solution for the data centre system. The company’s product mix includes system perception semiconductor integrated circuits, circuit boards and services to achieve reliable pcie connections.
In addition to performance bottlenecks in computing-intensive loads, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning. Asteralabs retimer uses neo-tech pops, and since gen5.0 scenes were taken into account at the beginning of the development of neo-tech, asteralabs was also the first company to announce the development of pcle 5.0 retimer.
4.3 Science and technology: Backwards do not lag behind people, and there is a great potential for future development. Technology starts later than the first two rivals. In 2018, the company started retimer research and development and started later, but with its strong R & D power, it does not lag behind, compared to idt,
We believe that the company, as the only retimer on the continent, is expected to take advantage of historical opportunities to replace national production, as well as strong research and development capabilities, to replicate the success of that year in the field of internal interfaces, with the city’s share expected in the coming years.
We believe that we are on the eve of a large-scale application of pcie 4.0 retimer, that 2021 will be the year of industrial development, and that the market size of 2021-2023 will follow the demands of the one server, the nvme hard drive, etc.
While companies now account for less of the sales of related products, the expansion of markets in the future will be an important part of the company’s revenues. Compared to the leading sector, ic-design firms, valuations are at a relatively low level, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
(c) downstream demand for equipment such as high-speed ssd, gpu does not increase as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.