q3 electrolytic aluminium increases are significant, and green aluminium highlights long-term values \triangleright \triangleright
2024q3, the net profit ring of the company has decreased slightly. By ring, the main gains were: income tax, significant increases in the use of electrolytic aluminium production and a small drop in single-ton profits. Volume: three quarters of the company ' s electrolytic aluminium production \triangleright
Aluminium oxide is produced in 24q1-3 by oxidizing tons of Qiuzu, with a slight reduction of 0.72 million tons in ring comparison; and electrolytic aluminium, with an increase of 84,000 tons in ring comparison.
Sun Erchun market ring price ratio: $975 per ton, aluminium oxide ring ratio: +212/ton, predating anode ring ratio: $183 per ton, Yunnan market electricity price is lower due to the drop in ring price during the water season. Calculating company ' s pre-tax profit ring ratio for electrolytic aluminum q3
The balance sheet is further optimized by a research assistant, Van 567 to 2150 ton (including profits from upstream aluminium oxide and precalciner arctic). q3 ' s long-term borrowing is down by $1.48 billion from q2 to 22.7 billion.
\triangleright has been the highest value since it was placed on the market, and the company plans to use its own funds to carry out its own cash management operations, improve the efficiency of the use of company funds, leverage the surplus and reduce financial costs.
Assessment: Quantified prices drive improved performance, green aluminium long-term values core: 1) high performance elasticity. 3.05 million tons of electrolytic aluminium production are expected to yield more than 2.3 million tons, relatively low costs and high capacity, with high corporate performance elasticity. 2) assets
Production upswing drive q4, long-term prices of green aluminium are released, demonstrating that companies will be able to light-load in the future, and that companies will be guaranteed future performance. 3) Under the “double carbon” goal, green aluminium values are highlighted. Europe has established a carbon tariff on imports, green under the European carbon tariff policy.
Assessment: Aluminium electrolysis has risen at a very high price, q3 has been held up at the start-up cost - 2023/10/29. Aluminium colour can be exempted from carbon duty in the future, and the electrolytic aluminium industry has been included in carbon cross-carrying in the context of domestic "doubt carbon"
4. The semi-annual report of 2023 on the shares of aluminum in clouds (000807.sz) is becoming a necessity, and the green aluminium premium will reflect the fact that the company ' s electrolytic aluminium is located in Yunnan and the valuation is expected to increase.
Investment proposal: The company has a high capacity for electrolysis aluminum equity and high performance elasticity, while the future value of green aluminum has a high potential of billions of yuan, which corresponds to 10, 9 and 8 times the current price, respectively, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.