Quarterly 2024: The original aluminium production exceeded expectations, profit, October 30, 2024, research assistant Xu Yida.
The company achieved a revenue of 39,186 million yuan, or +31.67 per cent; the mother ' s net profit of 3.82 billion yuan, which is better than the year ' s year ' s water supply in the Jinsha River, Yunnan Province, which has improved the overall electricity supply than in previous years.
In January-September 2024, China increased its consumption of electrolytic aluminium by 7 per cent to 3369.37 million tons.
In January-September, an average price of 19715/tonne (yoy+5.9%) was obtained for the coloured river of electrolytic aluminium.  The price of aluminium oxide in the country was difficult to maintain high and the profits of the single ton of aluminium electrolytic were expected to recover: the rapid increase in the price of aluminium for this wheel was due mainly to a shortage of bauxite mines: 1) the high level of internal surveillance caused Henan Mountain
In the west, a large number of bauxite mines have been closed; (2) as a result of the bombing of the oil depots in the early part of the year and the effects of the rainy season since May, Guinea's bauxite mine this year has reached a lower level than expected by the market. We believe that, with the gradual resumption of production in the interior of the country's mines and the approaching end of the rainy season in Guinea, the problem of bauxite supply will arise.
Mitigation, in addition, due to the high profitability of the aluminium oxide industry and the increased productivity of the industry, we expect an effective increase in the overall aluminium oxide production capacity in 2025, a fall in aluminium oxide prices in 2025, and a rise in corporate electrolytic aluminum profits.
Alumina shares (000807), green-aluminum integration taps, long-term cost advantages,
In the context of the reform of the supply side of electrolytic aluminium, the ability of electrolytic aluminium to produce is close to 45 million tons of red wire, and failure to comply with the very limited capacity to deliver additional production; at the demand end, as new energy use of aluminium continues to grow, Aluminium Uranium (000807);
We expect to maintain an annual 1.5 per cent growth in the production capacity of the electrolytic aluminium industry, which is becoming increasingly scarce,  profit predictions and investment ratings: we continue to watch companies from upstream bauxite, aluminium oxide, electrolysis, aluminium, to the green aluminum chain layout of downstream aluminium processing products, due to the difficulty of completing the bauxite mine in the country.
Three major financial forecasting tables for Aluminium shares. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.