Mid-chip International (981.hk/688981.ch): Three quarters, Machizo, maintain the "buy-in" rating for Middle-Kill International: the trend of middle-hull International moving up on semiconductor fundamentals
In the third quarter, the company's revenue reached $2.17 billion, a record high. In the third quarter, the Māori rate increased significantly, and the company expects the Māori rate to remain stable in the fourth quarter. We expect the middle core.
The international community will continue to benefit from the localization needs of China’s semiconductor, and indirectly from the semiconductor industry growth brought about by the ai. The company’s fundamentals will grow steadily as capacity is released.
Three-quarter Māori Supermarket expectations: Mid-Cryston International's three-quarter income ring grew by 14%, same-year Mid-Crys International (981.hk) grew by 34%, and the same-year growth rate rose by three quarters.
The company expected the median income ring to grow by 1% in the fourth quarter, 31% in the same quarter, and higher in the same period. The company expected to change through the product mix, although the production capacity was down in the fourth quarter.
The company's Māori rate is 20.5% in the third quarter, which is an increase of $149 million in net profits in the third quarter, an increase of 58% and a decline of 10% in the ring. The company continues to release 30,000 pieces of monthly capacity in the fourth quarter.
The size will grow in units, where the volume of goods will grow faster than the income increase. 3) It is expected that the new production of crystal round workers will peak this year and decline next year. 4) The company will benefit indirectly from the semiconductor industry in the ai region, especially in the alot and power management areas.
Valuation: In accordance with the three-quarter performance and four-quarter guidance of Mid-Cryp International, we go up the middle-Cryp International (688981.ch) Investment risk: semi-conductor downstream demand (smart phones, new energy vehicles, industry, consumption, etc.)
The recovery has been slower, and the company’s fundamentals have been slower to move up, affecting a rebound in valuations. The semiconductor crystals, the production capacity of the round workers have increased faster, and the productivity of the company has increased more slowly.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Spob International, Sfob International.
Prospective and pessimistic scenario scenario for PHIS and PHII (Central Core International Ports Unit)
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected Optimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing better than expected • sufficient action can be taken in semiconductor cycles;
• Insufficient action in semiconductor cycles: • maturity processes and slow and steady increases in the Māori rate; • increased competition in maturation processes and special processes, resulting in high profit performance;
• Capital expenditure has grown steadily, depreciated, operated, and research and development costs are manageable. • Capital expenditure has grown faster, depreciation, operation and research and development costs have increased significantly.
Promising and pessimistic scenario scenario (mid-core internationala) Pessimistic scenario: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected
• Sufficient action in semiconductor cycles: Insufficient action in semiconductor cycles: • mature processes and slow competition for specialty processes, with a steady increase in the Māori rate;
• Growing competition for maturity processes and specialty processes, delaying profit performance;
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
The collection of all information is considered to be unauthorized. No one may use any information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as a reference to the purchase or sale of information.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
The report does not contain all the information that the company may require. You should not base any decision or action on investment, withdrawal, or other financial aspects solely on the information contained in this report.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sang’s international securities.