Researchchand developmentcenter low-cost aeronautics, positioning precision space time
– In-depth report from Spring and Fall Air (601021), 16/04/04/04/04/04.
Spring and Fall Air (601021.sh) depth reports: low-cost flights, empty taps, precision space availability, low-cost Chinese air leaders, and increasing profitability.
It was the first unit of the Central National Battalion. By 2019, the turnover of both domestic and international lines of the company had remained stable, with the number of guests at the domestic line having remained essentially above 91 per cent, the number of international domestic lines having reached 37.2 billion, the number of international passengers having reached 4.7 billion, compared to the same period in 2019.
At this level, the number of international line guests has risen to 82.2%, the volume of domestic line turnover has exceeded 2019, and the recovery of the international line has been slow and there is still some room for repair. Financialally, corporate revenue collection and home-grown net profit repairs have been significant. In the first three quarters of 2023, companies achieved operating revenues of $14.10 billion, compared to 2019.
Period + 21.9%; net returns to the mother have been reversed, with $2.677 billion recorded, compared to the same period in 2019. Industry: low-cost aviation development prospects. 1) Industry trend 1: low-cost aviation penetration rate increases. Civil aviation continues to grow, and the low-cost aviation division continues to develop.
China’s potential for civil aviation development is very high. In the decade 2009-2019, China’s air traffic volume produced Global Market Forecasts (2023-2042), and global passenger demand over the next 20 years.
The penetration rate of low-cost aviation in the global and Asia-Pacific regions has risen rapidly. According to the Asia-Pacific Aviation Centre ' s share of the circulationa share (%), the market for low-cost global aviation routes in the 10 years from 2013 to 2022
The share of domestic routes in Asia and the Pacific has risen from 23.7% to 27.3%, and the share of international routes has risen from 5.3% to 16.5%. At the global level and in Asia and the Pacific, low-cost aviation in China still has much room for improvement. As of late 2022, China was low.
With only 5.2% of the domestic airline’s share in the market, there is a large gap between Asia and the Pacific and the global market share. With the subsequent increase in popularization of China’s civil aviation, the low-cost airline division is expected to grow faster with economic benefits and ease.
2. Trends in industry 2: The reform of fares is continuing, with the prospect of an increase in the number of customers per unit. The scope of marketized pricing for civil aviation has gradually expanded. Since 2004, domestic fare controls have been liberalized, air transport prices have gradually shifted from government-directed to market-adjusted prices, and more and more routes have begun to operate.
Marketized pricing. In December 2014, market regulations were introduced, increasing from 13.8% to 36.2% of all domestic routes during the year.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The continued marketization of fares is expected to lead to a significant increase in the profitability of the airline, as well as to an upward trend in the low-cost airline income end. The current number and share of domestic routes with market regulation remain on the rise.
The trend is that fare prices continue to be marketed. Combined with the warming of civil aviation demand, the increase in passenger turnover, and the price-raising effect of market-regulating-led routes, the prospective upwards in the number of airliners and future profitability is expected to increase over time, with low-cost aviation divisions or significant benefits.
In terms of domestic routes, companies are actively building regional foundations on their own competitively differentiated basis throughout the country.
At the same time, the focus on first-line urban development is on enhancing the penetration of two-to-four-line markets to meet market demand. Client groups are well positioned to match the network of routes. At low-yielding aviation models, they can attract large numbers of self-supporting brigades that are more price-sensitive.
On the international front, the focus is on South-East Asia and the Japan-Korean region, with Bangkok, Osaka, Japan, and Jeju, Korea, as the main offshore terminal. 2) The cost side is to create a low-cost advantage in the “two or two or two” business model.
The use of single aircraft and accommodation to facilitate procurement management while effectively reducing fuel consumption and depreciation, series of aircraft and economy class layouts. The average number of seats per aircraft is 10-15 per cent higher than that of other national airlines; and the depreciation of unit ask fuel and unit lease rates are compared with those of the divisions
High occupancy and utilization rates have reduced efficiency and spread unit fixed costs. Prior to 2019, the company ' s occupancy rate was roughly 90 per cent or more, and it was almost ahead of the rest of the fleet, with operational efficiency ahead.
At the same time, the company maintained a high aircraft utilization rate, which was largely guaranteed for about 11 hours before 2019, with maximum flat unit fixed costs and a utilization rate of almost two hours higher than the industry average in 2019. Looking back at the company's past non-oil cost of ask units,
Prior to 2019, the non-oil unit cost of the company was essentially no more than 0.2 yuan, with a clear degree of autonomy over the rest of the aviation division in the development of a core operating management system to reduce the cost of sales by virtue of the advantages of information technology.
In the first half of 2023, direct e-commerce sales (including the ota flagship) accounted for 97.2 per cent of the sales outlets of companies other than chartered air charters, while business channels increased effectively in terms of customer stickyness.
Increased control and operational efficiency, effective reduction of the financial closure cycle, and significant savings in sales costs, as well as improvements in cost budget management. Prior to 2019, corporate unit ask had experienced a significant decrease of 38.8 per cent in unit sales costs compared to the rest of the year, with an average annual decrease of 11.6 per cent.
The cost of corporate unit sales has been kept at a minimum compared to the Department of Aviation, and the gap has been widening. Multiply. Given the company’s role as a low-cost domestic leader in aviation, the growth of the company is still more resilient, and performance repairs have accelerated in the context of the industry’s boost.
Risk factors: demand for travel is not returning as much as expected, international routes are not returning as expected, oil prices are at high risk, and the renminbi is at high risk of devaluation.
As one of China’s first private airlines, Chun-tyu Air is targeting low-cost air operations, mainly domestic, international, and Aus-Tai air passenger and cargo transport operations and services related to air transport operations. Companies are positioning themselves as a more price-sensitive, self-paying passenger and commercial passenger groups pursuing high value for money, continuously optimizing low-cost aviation operations to the maximum extent possible.
Using existing assets to achieve efficient aviation production operations. As the demand for mass aviation travel grows, companies, as low-cost aviation divisions, have great prospects for the future.1 China’s low-cost aviation leaders continue to grow in profitability.
1.1 The country’s first share of private aviation is steadily expanding its network of domestic and foreign routes and operating on a steady scale, with China’s low-cost aviation pioneers and runners. The company, formerly the Spring and Fall Aviation Company Ltd., was established in Shanghai on 1 November 2004 with 60 per cent and 40 per cent, respectively, from the Spring and Fall Tours and the Spring and Fall charter aircraft.
During the same year, the company started operating an international and regional route. In 2015, the company successfully entered the market at a stock market and became the first owner of China National Air. After more than two decades of development, the company has made two of its bases in Shanghai.
In addition to the ongoing development of the first and second-line urban markets, the construction of the three- and four-line network of important cities, and the vastness of the market, the shareholders in the company are Wang Junghua and Wang Yiu, who are the shareholders in the company, Wang Jung Hua, Wang Yu, Wang Yu, and the co-operators of the Spring and Fall and Spring and Fall Brigades, who together invest in the spring and spring wings.
The shareholding of 56.64 per cent of the company ' s shares is the voting right of the company ' s co-executor. Figure 1: The aviation equity structure in spring and fall (up to the latest announcement of changes in the company ' s shareholdings as of 2024.2.27) 1.2 operational status: the domestic line performed more than 2019 and the international line remains to be repaired
1) Up to 2019, there was a steady increase in the turnover of both domestic and international lines of the company; during the three-year period of the epidemic, the movement of passengers, especially international lines, was significantly affected and there was a marked decline in the flow of passengers; following the policy adjustment in early 2023, there was an increase in the movement of passengers and a recovery in the volume of domestic and international traffic. As of late 2023, the number of domestic and international passengers of the company had increased.
The turnover reached 37.2 billion, or 87.6 per cent and 11.0 per cent, respectively, compared with +43.7 per cent in the same period in 2019, and remained essentially above 85 per cent, with a steady and high level of passenger occupancy. The passenger rate on the route was more affected during the epidemic, with a sharper decline; there was some rehabilitation in 2023, with the number of domestic line passenger arrivals returning to 90.3 per cent and returning to pre-epidemic levels.
The rate of international line passenger arrivals has risen to 82.2 per cent, and there is more room for repair than before the outbreak. 1.3 Financial situation: significant repair of performance, significant improvement in financial indicators.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved business income of $14.10 billion, an increase of 113.5 per cent, compared with the same period in 2019 +21.9 per cent; Financial indicators show that the pre-epidemic company Māori rate, net interest rates are relatively stable, Māori rates and net interest rates remain largely at 11 per cent, and low-cost aviation development prospects are wide.
2.1 Industry trend 1: Increased low-cost aviation penetration The air transport industry is still developing, particularly in China. Reviewing China ' s pre-epidemic civil aviation transport situation, China ' s air passenger traffic rose from 231 million to 660 million in the decade 2009-2019, with an average annual growth rate
As high as 11.1 per cent, according to the Global Market Forecast (2023-2042) issued by airfarers, global passenger transport needs are 1.7 times over the next 20 years; China ' s civil aviation industry is promising; and the industry continues to develop, with the emergence of low-cost aviation divisions and rapid upswings in penetration rates, becoming an important enabler for civil aviation transport.
According to the Asia-Pacific Aviation Centre, the market share of the global low-cost airline intraregional routes increased from 29.8 per cent to 34.3 per cent between 2013 and 2022, while the market share of international routes rose from 9.5 per cent to 17.9 per cent; and the market for domestic routes in the Asia-Pacific region increased significantly in both the hyper-regional and low-cost airline markets.
Unlike the SAD, the LAD has a significant cost advantage in many ways. The typical low-cost airline business model and the SAC business model differ considerably in terms of fleet set-up, accommodation, aircraft utilization, airline flight set-up, ticket sales and grant service content, as follows:
Low-cost airlines in the Asia-Pacific region are growing faster, but there are more obvious regional differences, with China’s low-cost aviation development still having much room for improvement. By distinguishing these from the full-service airline business model, low-cost airlines can effectively reduce unit costs, while attracting passengers at low fare and reaping better benefits in the middle of the economic cycle.
At present, low-cost airlines in our country are composed of two main types, namely, low-cost independently established airlines, and low-cost airlines, with traditional full-service airlines establishing low-cost aviation subsidiaries or subordinates. By the end of 2022, China’s low-cost airline had only 5.2% of the market share of domestic shipping lines, compared to Asia’s.
There is a large gap between the share of the world market and the world. With the subsequent increase in the popularization of China’s civil aviation, low-cost airlines are expected to grow faster with economic benefits and advantages. 2.2 Industry trend 2: ticket-end reforms are ongoing, and unit intake is expected to rise.
The reform of the domestic market for civil aviation fares has gradually advanced, with the liberalization of domestic fares since 2004 and the gradual shift from government-directed to market-modified prices, with an increasing number of routes starting to market prices. According to market-regulating routes, there were 365 domestic routes with market-regulating prices in December 2014.
The number of routes increased to 1698 by November 2020, from 13.8 per cent to 36.2 per cent of the total number of domestic routes in the year, and in 2017-2023, the prices of the main routes, the Beijing-Hinn route, Shanghai-Hongzhou route increased from 1240 yuan to 2080 yuan, 1350 yuan to 2150 yuan, 3650 yuan and 2350 yuan, respectively.
The cumulative increase of 73.4%, 75.5%, and 74.1%, respectively, is over 70%, and the price-marketing reforms continue to deepen. The continued marketization of fares is expected to lead to a significant increase in the profitability of the airline, as well as an upward trend in the revenue end of the low-cost airline.
For warmth, increased passenger turnover, and price increases driven by market regulation, the Department of Air Transport units are expected to pick up, and future profitability is expected to increase over time, with low-cost aviation divisions or significant benefits. Table 3: Evolution of domestic aviation pricing policies in civil aviation
DSRC 3 Low-cost aviation, low-efficiency casting and resilience 3.1 Income end: Corporate positioning for low-cost aviation, active deployment of domestic and international network of routes
By the end of June 2014, the company was operating 57 domestic, 6 Hong Kong and 10 international routes.
At the end of the first half of the year, the company was flying 219 routes, including 181 domestic, 35 international, and 3 Hong Kong and Australia. By the end of June 2023, the company was flying international routes involving five destination countries, 11 international points, and 35 international routes.
At the end of the day, the shipping routes from Shanghai to Hong Kong, Macao and Taipei were restored.
In view of Shanghai’s economic and financial hub, the company has operated multiple routes to and from the main cities of the country. At the same time, Shanghai’s geographical advantages provide a good basis for the company’s subsequent expansion.
In addition to market developments in first-line cities, such as Shanghai, companies use popular development as a means of enhancing the penetration of second-to-fourth-line markets, exploiting potential market demand, and establishing regional bases in various regions of the country. By the first half of 2023, companies were formed.
The Shanghai base for economic integration in the Long Triangular Region is located at the heart of the Shanghai base, the Jiang Suyan State and the Zhejiang Ningbo base are supported at the China East: the Guangzhou base in the Great Bay region of Hong Kong, the Shenzhen branch office in Guangdong, and the Guangdong Zhuyang base are supported at the South China Airport hub; the Hebei branch hub in the North China airport is located at the heart of the Hebei branch in the area of integration in Kyung Jinxi; the North China Airport hub is located at the east of the service.
The North-East hub at the heart of the Comprehensive Revitalization Strategy for the North; the North-West hub at the heart of the Great West Development in the New Age, at Gansuland State, at the heart of the West Asia sub-company; and the South China hub at the heart of the Jiangxi Nanchang base at the centre of the Strategy for the Rise in the Central Region; and the construction of the Chengdu Capital base, at the same time, gradually increasing the economic circle of the two cities for the company.
Inputs from important markets have created more opportunities. The depth and breadth of the company’s domestic base have increased significantly, further improving its network of bases and routes in the country.
The company’s client group is well positioned and aligned with the network’s direction. The client group is targeted, mainly for self-supporting passengers, taking into account business passengers who pursue high value for money. As a person’s disposable income increases and consumer demand rises.
At the national level, there has been a marked increase in the number of domestic tourists and in per capita tourism consumption, with an average annual increase of 12.2% in 2009-2019 and more than 6 billion tourists in 2019. Aviation, as an important form of travel, occupies the starting point of the shipping chain, and airlines, as a high-quality flow platform, have become more cooperative with the “Internet+” drive.
The company’s controlling shareholders are one of the country’s largest travel agencies, giving the company a unique advantage in air travel cooperation. Different from the full-service airline, the company is positioned in a low-cost aviation business model that attracts a large number of more price-sensitive, self-paying passengers, as well as business passengers pursuing high-value prices.
Between 2014 and 2019, domestic power and passenger traffic grew at an average annual rate of 3.1.2 international lines: South-East Asia, Radiological North-East Asia, a steady revival of the market, South-East Asia and the Korean region, and a proactive service to national strategies. The company’s international routes are Bangkok, Thailand, and Japan.
Osaka and Jeju, Korea, are the main offshore overnight terminals, relying on a network of major domestic bases and destinations, focusing on key markets in South-East Asia, and developing radiation to the North-East Asian regional market, offering to serve major national destinations, such as the "one-way" or "rcep" construction, and the right to international navigation of companies, mainly in South-East Asia and in Japan and Korea.
The top five countries with the highest number of cases were Thailand, Japan, Korea, Cambodia and Singapore, with weekly planned flights of 358, 230, 132, 42 and 28, of which Thailand recorded a significant number of 276 flights compared to the winter spring season of 2019.
The proportion of flights compared to 13.9% in 2019 rose by 10.5 pct to the highest in Japan. In Japan, spring and autumn, 15.6% of flights were planned during the winter and spring season in 2023, compared with the winter and spring season in 2019, the company was ranked fourth to second, and the difference between the five major divisions and the number one easterly was reduced from 12.4 pct.
3.5pt. In the Korean region, the number of flights planned by the company during the winter and spring season in 2023 was 10.9 per cent.
Currently, the company’s international routes are still in a state of recovery, and the recovery of the international passenger market has been characterized by slow and long-range, first-in-country, and then foreign aviation. In the second quarter of 2023, the company’s available kilometre of seats on international routes was restored, and by the same period in 2019, nearly 50% of those routes, with Thailand taking the lead. In June, the company’s Thai routes took the lead.
In North-East Asia, the South Korean market has recovered relatively quickly, with Japanese markets recovering slowly, for example, because of airport security capabilities and the temporary suspension of team tours. By the end of June 2023, companies were flying international routes involving Thailand, Japan, South Korea, and Cambodia.
In 2023, the company returned to 40.2% of international and regional lines in the same period in 2019, with a return to 83.17% of passenger traffic compared to 87.99% in 2019.
3.2 Cost-side: “two and two and two” business models create low-cost advantages 3.2.1 and 3.2.1: single aircraft and single accommodation One type and space are easy to procure and manage and effectively reduce fuel consumption and depreciation amortization costs. As of the end of 2023, companies
The fleet has reached 121 aircraft, which, unlike the various aircraft types and two-class layouts of the remaining aviation divisions, are single aircraft of the company ' s type and accommodation, all of which are air passenger 320 series aircraft and economy class. The maximum number of seats available for each aircraft is air passenger a 320, which is 10-15% higher than for other airlines in the country, which normally operate a two-class layout for a 320 aircraft.
Single aircraft and accommodations effectively reduce multiple operating costs and create cost advantages for low-cost airlines. Oil production is one of the most important operating costs of the Division, accounting for about 30 per cent of operating costs and about 15-20 per cent of rental and depreciation costs.
Environmentally friendly a320neo series aircraft to improve fuel efficiency; on the other hand, single-economy layout effectively spreads the cost of fuel on a silo ask and makes the cost of rental and depreciation of units ask relatively low due to the fact that the number of seats in the same company is approximately 15 to 20 per cent higher than that of their counterparts; and, on the other hand, airport fees, such as landing and landing fees, which are the standard rate for landing and landing of aircraft,
The increase in the number of seats available for single-air companies has also resulted in lower unit ask airport charges. The cost advantage of spring and fall is significant compared with the unit ask fuel and unit rental depreciation costs of the respective divisions, and remains essentially minimal.
High seating and utilization rates were reduced by efficiency gains and flat unit fixed costs. By 2019, the company ' s occupancy rate had remained at about 90%, it had basically been ahead of the rest of the fleet, and it had the highest operating efficiency. At the same time, the company maintained a high aircraft utilization rate, which was approximately 11 hours before 2019, with maximum unit fixed cost spread and utilization in 2019.
Upgrades in aircraft utilization can be effective in raising the capacity of companies, lowering firm fixed costs, such as fixed asset depreciation and rental costs for aircraft and engines, human costs other than hourly rates, insurance premiums for aircraft and engines, etc.
In the past, in the case of unit ask non-oil costs, before 2019, the unit non-oil costs of the company amounted to little more than 0.2 yuan, which was less than the rest of the fleet by 3.2.3: low sales costs and management costs Automation of core operating management systems to reduce the cost of sales based on the advantages of information technology.
Distributed as the main distribution channel, autonomously developed the country’s earliest distribution, reservation, settlement and exit systems, independent of the Chinese air traffic system, developed a platform to promote the direct distribution of electricity from its own suppliers, and developed into the forefront of the industry. At the same time, with the Internet and the mobile wave of applications associated with smartphones, companies take advantage of their own information technology advantages, as well as the flow of direct air sales platforms, making full use of their own information technology advantages.
Upgraded mobile network platforms and mobile terminal applications, increasing the number of airline fleet products and services upgraded, mobileized and guaranteed the stability and fluidity of the platform and its applications, improving user experience and effectively increasing customer stickyness. In the first half of 2023, the share of direct e-commerce sales (including the ota flagship shop) reached 97.2 per cent in sales channels other than chartered seating operations.
Through autonomously developed distribution, reservation, clearing information technology systems, and numerous information systems covering key business process points, corporate access control and operational efficiency have been improved, financial closure cycles have been effectively shortened, and significant sales costs have been saved, expenditure has been saved, and cost budget management has been optimized.
This downward trend has been reduced to 0.0060 in 2019, a significant decrease of 38.8 per cent compared with the 2015 unit cost of sales, which averaged 11.6 per cent per annum, while the cost of corporate unit sales has been kept at a minimum compared to the rest of the Division, in addition to the full development, operation and maintenance capabilities available in the Internet Aeronautical Information System.
As the first low-cost airline in the country, the company is ensuring flight safety and ensuring that it is operating.
Quality of operation and quality of service, with strict compliance with relevant regulations, to ensure that front line personnel are adequately safeguarded and that human costs and management costs are effectively reduced by streamlining the staffing ratio by streamlining the second and third line personnel. By outsourcing some of the non-core business lines, the resources and services of third-party service providers are used to the maximum extent possible for the purpose of streamlining personnel, effectively reducing human capacity.
Corporate unit management costs have been kept at a minimum compared to the rest of the Division and the gap has widened, with continuing cost advantages.
After the outbreak, the company's capacity was recovered, and the passenger rate quickly recovered. On the domestic route, since February 2023, the domestic shipping capacity of the air traffic divisions has been in excess of the same period in 2019. The recovery rate on the domestic lines ask and rpk in spring and autumn was ahead of that of the rest in the same period in 2019, and the international line was affected by the recovery rate in South-East and North-East Asia in September.
Post-international transport and turnover recovery rates have declined; in terms of passenger occupancy rates, both domestic and international, the overall gap between the company’s presence and the same period in 2019 has been shrinking, showing a rapid recovery. The company’s business data has recovered rapidly, and recovery is at the forefront of the industry, with expectations that its performance will recover rapidly.
Figure 47: Recovering the company ' s monthly domestic line rpk over the same period in 2019 Figure 49: Restoration of the company ' s monthly domestic line passenger rate over the same period in 2019 Figure 50: Restoration of the company ' s monthly international line passenger rate over the same period in 2019
4 Profit forecasts, valuations and investment ratings Business data projections: late 2022, optimized immunization policies, air transport and rapid recovery of demand, and we expect a significant increase in the number of kilometres and guest seats available to companies in 2023.
3) Considering other operations, including routine expenditures related to the air transport industry, assuming relatively stable revenues. From historical valuations, China’s navigations from 2015 to 2019, South Air, East China, Xiangxiang Aviation, and Spring Fall, are significantly understated. Given the company’s elasticity as a low-cost airline leader in the country, companies are still growing in a more resilient manner.
The current recovery of the company's domestic and external shipping capacity is expected to lead to a sustained recovery in aviation demand, an accelerated improvement in supply-demand relations, and an increase in corporate performance. The combined historical valuation, for the first time, covers the company's “buy-in” rating.
Lack of recovery in demand is expected to have a direct impact on the company’s fundamentals. Less than expected, the company’s international passenger revenue recovery will be too slow and will be expected to have a greater impact on overall performance.3 The risk of a significant increase in oil prices, the cost of aviation oil being one of the company’s major operating costs, and the overall performance of the company is affected by fluctuations in oil prices
Larger, if the average oil price rises too fast, it is expected that a substantial increase in the company’s oil cost will result in higher operating costs, thereby affecting the risk of a significant devaluation of the renminbi.4 Some of the company’s leasing liabilities, bank loans and other loans are mainly in United States dollars and in international revenues and costs in currencies other than the renminbi, and exchange rate fluctuations will result in exchange gains and losses for companies;
In the event of a significant devaluation of the renminbi, the company will incur large exchange losses, ultimately affecting the level of performance. Toming left, a doctor from China Mining University, a registered consulting (investment) engineer, the Deputy Managing Director of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, a member of the China Geological Mineral Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation’s expert bank, and a member of the Chinese Price Association
Member of the Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, for more than 10 years in research and advisory work in coal, charcoal and energy-related fields.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.