Non-financial companies, mid-2025: Sustained cash flow, interest in cycle trends
Investment rating: Purchases (maintenance) Events: Chinese ships issue semi-annual 2025 reports: companies achieved 40.325 billion yuan in operating income in the first half of 2025, Liu Xiaoning
China's ship performance increased significantly in the second quarter of the year, either because the company held sufficient and high-priced orders.
By 2028-2029 alone, high-priced new bills or deliveries have been signed in recent years. This has led to the merger of the company, Zhang Fong Cheol, with the absorption of heavy labour in China. It is hoped that synergies will be enhanced: in August 2025, the China Shipping Group issued an announcement.
\triangleright, Notice on the Results of Claims by Dissenting Shareholders for Merger of China Ship Heavy Work Co. Ltd. and Associated Transactions, with a view to absorbing the merger of Chinese Heavy Work. Through this reorganization, the company is expected to strengthen its efforts.
The short-term adjustment of ship prices does not change the cycle. After the last three quarters, the peaks of September, when they were hit by low shipping, geo-related shocks, and environmental regulations, have fallen by 1.94%.
Shipyard orders are still saturated. In the second half of 2025, three major constraints to new ship-building market activity are expected to improve: oil market volatility or upswing, global decarbonization regulations are expected to be formally legislated in October, geo-events will influence or slow down, and subsequent ship-building enterprises will be in a profit-paying period, and industry prospects are good.
Profit predictions and ratings: China ' s ships are the vanguards of integrated shipbuilding in the country. We expect a net return of profits to the mother in 2025-27. With the continued delivery of high-value orders, firm performance will be more certain in the future. We believe that the ship ' s green renewal cycle is far from over, that future ship prices and performance remain high, and that deep-sea technology industries will develop or create new ones.
In one year, the highest/lowest personal perception of the target securities and issuers is given.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.