According to the forecast, the net profit from the return of Chinese ships to their mothers in the first half of 2025 was $2.8 to $3.1 billion, a year-on-year increase. As of May 2025, Chinese ships had 322 civilian vessel orders and 2,461 million heavy tons. The production capacity had been slated until 2029.
On July 4, 2025, Chinese ships issued an announcement to absorb China’s heavy-work-related linkages.
The approval of the Shanghai Stock Exchange Merger and Purchase Reorganization Review Board means that the “North-South merger” is progressing even further. According to the annual report of China Ships, China Reworkers, 2024, the merger has resulted in the holding of approximately 15% of the global total, the completion of shipbuilding is more than 14% of the total, and the signing of new signatures.
The combination of the two will reduce peer competition, enhance the synergy of China’s shipbuilding assets, and further enhance the global impact of China’s ship manufacturing. Looking ahead, according to China’s ship commitments, China will detach its unsuitable assets from listed companies and propose to inject them into Chinese ships within three years; Wong Xingwen
The issue of competition among China and Chongqing Dong will be resolved on a continuous basis, bearing in mind the medium- and long-term logic of the efficiency gains within the China Shipping Group and the environmental renewal, the ship manufacturing up-to-date cycle will continue.
According to Clarkson, as of the end of June 2025, the new shipbuilding price index stood at 187, with the same ratio - the market predicting and profiting to the top, which would support the industry. In April 2025, the United States Trade Representative’s office published an announcement to China on the China Sea.
Review: Results of 301 surveys in the parent-to-child net profit growth, logistics and shipbuilding industries, which show a reduction in the strength of the proposed sanctions, 12 to 35 per cent of the survey, with the cashing of purchase orders on a cycle basis
As a result, shipowners can target their response measures, and shipbuilding markets are expected to repair their emotional and order surfaces. In June 2025, Chinese shipyards signed a new $6.44 billion bill, representing 61 per cent of the new global signed volume.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Performance pre-enhances supermarket expectations, and a strong global lead in shipbuilding. We maintain the company’s forecast of return net profits for 2025-2027 at $7.499/99/124 billion, and the current market value of Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is now qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.