The Mechanical Group recorded an increase in performance in the first half of the year, with a steady increase in the Maori rate of q2 to a net profit of $1.819 billion, an increase of 79.88 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, performance increased and profitability continued to increase. According to the company announcement, 1H25 Company, 1. China Ship Company Review: 24 years of high performance and continuous change in profitability of 12.07%, an increase of 4.13 percentage points.
China Ship Company Review: The improvement in the structure of hand orders, the steady increase in the Māori rate by 4.09 percentage points, and the continuous increase in profitability.
3. China Ship Company Review: The merger plan meets expectations, looks forward to an increase in the price of the company ' s long cargo ships, a better control of construction costs and an increase in the Māori business ratio.
In the first half of 2025, according to Clarkson, a total of 47,149 thousand tons of shipbuilding were completed globally, with a new order of 10,000 tons. In terms of heavy tonnage, the number of shipbuilding completed, the number of new orders and the number of hand-held orders in China were increased.
With 52.22%, 56.12%, and 67.28% of the world's total, respectively, all three indicators are ranked first in the world. Global new ship orders of 6.12 million dwt in July, compared to 40%, have been reduced by a narrow link from 68% in June.
The merger will bring about complementarities, synergies, efficiency gains, and combined competitiveness. The merger of the “North-South” ship is now public.
The Department ' s board of directors and shareholders will pass through, with the successful approval of the competent authorities, such as the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, and the approval of the Merger and Merger Reorganization Commission. As of now, the company is accelerating its efforts to implement the change of shares, etc., and the consolidation is progressing relatively well.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating price volatility of raw materials, exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi, less than expected growth of new orders, carbon emission reductions
Appendices: 3 forecast summaries of statements
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market