Day-to-day consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
High sales drive the country’s customers to pick up speed, and the transition rate of new and old products slows down, and sales growth contributes to a large increase in revenue, and the average price rise is estimated to be in one digit. 3,749 million + 201% of the median liquor revenue, with the old ads matching the nine generations with 10 new ones.
The 12-month maximum/minimum amount was closed for nearly three months in July, new items were listed in November, there was still a transition period for the old and the new, and there was a much lower decline in the second half of the year, while the spring season was early, the amount of low- and medium-grade alcohol was high and the bulk of the shipment was in the fourth quarter.
So it's estimated that the feature will remain stable throughout the year, with a steady and modest increase in the age of guests.
At the end of the year, 2,244 million dollars were received in advance, with an increase in the year-by-year ratio.
In 19, the company ' s alcohol ratio rose by 80.95 per cent by 3.34 points, high, middle, low.
At one point, the sales rate increased by 0.48 points to 26.47 per cent, with an increase of 25 per cent in advertising market expansion costs, a decrease of 0.31 points to 5.7 per cent in management costs, a steady increase in financial costs at a high end of the quarter and a greater impact of the epidemic.
In a quarter, the stock of reporting countries is relatively high, estimated to be more than a dozen times higher than in the same year, and the downside of the pre-spring company's roll-out of alcohol has led to an overall decline in income. Refunds and the digestion of channel stocks after the outbreak, companies have taken the initiative to deal with the market, eliminating quotas in February and February, and accelerating the write-off of channel costs.
An objective response to market changes, waiting for brands to release, easing pressure on channels, and a stronger market price order, with a corresponding demand-pushing campaign targeting the consumer’s home setting. In April, quotas were released, and distributors recovered according to local conditions.
One quarter of structural upgrading led to a 7.7-point increase in the Māori rate, with the epidemic affecting production and channel costs.
A high level of attention to the development of the epidemic, a positive response to changes in the business environment, a continuation of the momentum to ensure that the industry does not fall, to narrow the gap with the industry’s top firms, and to match the company’s consistent, cautious and objective approach to the market. We anticipate that the country’s guests will rely on brand power.
The recovery of the lower-middle- and lower-class wines was also better, with a corresponding increase in the cost of the disease, increased competition in the market and a slowdown in the sale of high-end liquor by companies.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.