Food and beverages in the Old Cedars (000568), high-performing, low-end, South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
Summary of performance: The company achieved revenue of 15.8 billion yuan in 2019, equal to +21.2 per cent, and net profit for mothers of 4.64 billion yuan, equal to +33.1 per cent; 19q4 income and net profit for mothers grew at a rate of +14.4 per cent, +15.6 per cent, respectively, and the cellar led to high performance growth and low-end excess expectations. 8.6 billion yuan in 2019, equal to +34.8 per cent.
The Māori rate has risen slightly, with high-end alcohol benefiting from economic development and the continuous expansion of consumption, deep-colouring south-west China revenue of $3.75 billion, compared to +2 per cent, and a drop in 19h2, mainly from the beginning of the special from 19q3 to stop deliveries and raise prices; the silo age is still in the process of adjustment; and the special 60 is close to $1 billion, an increase of 30 per cent.
Over and above. Low-end alcohol revenues of $3.27 billion, compared to +16.5%, with a better headline performance, while 20-year spring seasons are relatively advanced, with some low-grade liquor delivered ahead of schedule, leading to a high growth of 19h2. From the growth rate of products throughout the year 2019 and 20q1, the company continues its trend of product structural upgrading, with a high-end chain of cellars.
High growth continues, with a special 60-percent relay, and the old word special is expected to grow again when the channel is right. 2,20q1, with a drop in income, mainly affected by the epidemic, and short-term sales. The pre-event company canals are more optimistic, with some sources providing feedback that more than 30% of the total number of tasks will be completed throughout the year, and the epidemic will affect them.
• Control of shipments, inventory, and the rapid recovery of the epidemic, with clear medium- and long-term growth. 1. Impacted by the epidemic, the terminal is not well sold, the company takes the initiative to go to the stock, the dealer is not required to make a loan, and the goods are largely undistributed, and the market was not released until last May; according to research sources, the company’s core markets, Sichuan, Henan, Hunan.
As regional marketing recovers by 30-50% and looks forward to a rapid recovery after the outbreak. 2, two brands and a big monolithic battle remain the main focus of the recovery round, which led to the early use of a focused strategy to reduce sku, focus on five monoliths, restore and consolidate the core market, and then move on to China, China, and South China.
The cards are enough to support nationalization, and the “Shelms of Penang” are also on the road to brand revival, and the future growth of the white industry is squeezing, and the market share is further concentrated towards the leading wines.
2. Old cellars in the Länder (000568), maintaining a “buy-in” rating of medium- and high-quality liquor, double, 17 times and 14 times.
The upgrading of the product structure has led to high performance growth No, either directly or indirectly, will not receive any form of compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.