I'm reporting the reasons for this: the annual and the quarterly reviews.
In 2019, the perfect winding-up, rational treatment of the effects of the epidemic, the company issued a late-night report, and in 2019 it collected 15,816 million yuan, an increase of 21.15 per cent; \triangleright
The year 2019 was the year of the company's three-year hit of the 13th and 5th strategy, and the company will strive to achieve an increase in business income of $1 billion, or 12.72 per cent. Mostly due to the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the low- and middle-grade white wine.
A quarter's income growth has been a drag. By the end of the product, in 2019, the high-end white wine product now earns $8,596 million, an increase of 34.78 per cent over the previous year; the middle white wine earns $3,749 million, an increase of 2.01 per cent over the same period, and the tenth generation product of the medium wine special will be fully marketed in November.
The transition from 9 to 10 generations is a period of overadjustment; low-end white wine yields 3,271 million gross market value (millions): 1186 high-end alcohol and increasing profitability. The net interest rate on corporate sales was in 2019.
(b) Net asset return: 25.53 per cent Increases in market expansion, transportation and storage costs; 4.69 per cent increase in management costs, compared to 4.69 per cent
The 2020 business plan does not mention quantitative business targets, but actively responds to changes in the operating environment. 2020 was the year of the company's 13th Five-Year Strategy, as a result of the new coronary virus pneumonia, ITC Section 28 at 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
There is still a great deal of uncertainty about the development of the epidemic, and the company's annual report says that the 2020 business plan does not include a reference to quantitative business indicators in China, 28 Sinlyze Street, in Beijing City West Side, but that the company will maintain a strong interest in the development of the epidemic.
The International Centre, on the seventh floor, continues to maintain the momentum for changes in the business environment, ensuring that the industry does not fall, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
Striving to close the gap with the industry’s leading firms. Corporate strategy is clear, and companies are deeply engaged in pursuing branding and monolithic strategies to strengthen brand management \triangleright
Ration, regulating the use of bar codes, continuing to consolidate and shape a clearly focused branding system of “double brands, three lines, five big monoliths” while facing the effects of the epidemic, responding objectively and rationally to the risks of food safety and macroeconomic downsides leading to a sharp fall in the price of high-end alcohol.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.