The company successfully completed its mission in 19 with over-expected profit performance of 20q1 - Quanzhou newspaper (200568) 2019 & Quarterly Review 200428 (200428) billion yuan, an increase of 21.15 per cent over the same period; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $4.642 billion, a ratio
The company successfully completed its mission in 2019, and the country’s customers kept up at a high rate of over 30%. The year 2019 was the year of the company’s three-year bailout, when the company successfully achieved a 15% increase in revenue from the start of the year – a 2.56% increase in sales and a 24.62% increase in average prices.
Liquor (Text+Silve Age), low-grade alcohol revenues of $618 million, 667 million and 1,689 million, respectively, are expected to exceed 20 per cent of the previous year ' s target of the Oyang Woo sword at the end of the year; prices: price rises in the price of the cellar factory in 2019
Over 10%. In 2019, the cellar firmly implemented the terminal quota system and price-smelting mechanism, the pipeline stock continued to be optimized and the market price became more benign; special upgrades were fully implemented, in the second half of the year, the incoherent earnings slowed down, and the smelts continued to grow; and low-end liquor gradually recovered.
In 2019, the company’s Māori rate, net interest rate, was high. On the cost side, there was a slight increase in the cost during the company’s period in 2019, with an increase of 0.48 in the cost of sales.
In terms of cash flows, net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $4,842 million, up from an increase in corporate profit performance in the first quarter of 2020. In the first quarter of 2020, the net profits from revenue and the shareholding of the parent company changed by 14.79 per cent and 12.72 per cent, respectively, and the decline in corporate income was mainly due to the epidemic.
After the outbreak, the company took the initiative to stop and control the pipeline stock without pressurizing it; the profits were better or better.
Because: 1) the cellar is well stocked and well sold before the festival, the rate of increase in the cellar is expected to be between 10 and 20 per cent in a quarter, the income of the 1,000th permanent income of the Shanghai and Land Gate Road is more than 50 per cent, while the low- and middle-level alcohol is more affected by the epidemic, and income from products such as the specials is evident.
The decline, with product structural upgrades driving the increase in the Māori rate; 2) reduced consumption taxes, resulting in tax and surcharges compared to the tax exemption for Fuhua, Shenzhen Fukuda, No. 6, a 56.33 per cent reduction over the same period last year; 3) reduced advertising and market expansion costs, sales costs
In terms of cash flow, business activity is generated.
After the outbreak, the company stated that it would be determined to meet the 2020 performance target and take five measures to get it back to work.
In the early years, the company had eliminated the 1573 classic loading quota for the cellar for February-March for local distributors (about 10 per cent of the year in February-March), and in the event of the need for the 1573 classic loading quota for the cellar, it had organized the transfer of stocks in the region by the various districts of the cellar company, which had helped to ensure stability in the market price system and to slow down distributors.
The pressure, given the company’s indication that there was no pressure on goods before May and no promotion, is expected to remain at the end of the second quarter of the company’s income. Unlike the irreversible reduction of the consumption scene in 13 years, the current round of the epidemic has only been a short-lived inhibition of the consumption scene, with the consumer base still stable, with the galleries now standing at US$ 780-800.
In some cases, the stock has been absorbed to a healthy level, and in April the company has implemented a partial quota, and as consumption recovers, the delivery and end-marketing will gradually resume.
End-of-end controls are growing, the big monolith matrix is perfecting, and the state cellar supermax is being used, while the company. The brewing engineering project (phase I) will be operational by December 2020. The post-partum company will have an additional 700 silos, a new stock of 35,000 tons of alcohol, an expansion of capacity to protect company development, and the company will have
Keeping the company’s “upper” rating method, using legally compliant information, and producing this report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.