Global IEC secure growth — the first coverage report (002709.sz)
Status: The global electrolytic tap industry, forming Lipf6, lifsi, solvents, additives, electrolytes, etc. Cao Xut
Production capacity: In 2021, 144,000 tons of electrolysis fluids were delivered, accounting for 28.8% of domestic electrolytic fluids. Clients: Deep collaboration with the Ningde era, lig, tela, etc. Lithium industry has increased demand for strong electrolytic fluids.
Global demand for electrolyte increased from 1.18 million tons to 4.1 million tons between 2021 and 2024, with cagr about 52%. Given the high self-sufficiency and technology of the leading electrolyte core raw material, the cost advantage is clear.
Longitudinal integration layouts, enhanced cost advantages. The company actively deployed lithium carbonate, lithium fluoride, sulphuric acid, helium gas acid, phosphorus pentafluoride, chlorsulfonamide, etc., with basic coverage of lithium salt raw materials and links. Sub-products, such as sulphuric acid, can be recycled, the cost of final electrolyte products reduced and the Māori rate increased.
In 2021, the company began to enter into long-term supply agreements with customers like Ningde. In addition, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Tesla, which has further expanded the resources of high-quality automobile customers abroad.
A national and focused international regional strategic supply system has been built to achieve accurate coverage of the vast majority of customers within the country’s 100 km supply radius and the 500 km supply radius abroad. * Three new products with a heavy weight of lithium electric material, i.e., non-fluorinated lithium cell glue, nmp replacement solvent tinci
In 2021, the company delivered 144,000 tons of electrolyte, and in the future the company will make breakthrough progress with solid-state batteries.
1. Deep-farming integrated-leading electrolyte track 1.1 The electrolyte is the core of lithium electricity. The electrolyte has a significant impact on performance indicators such as battery life, power, energy density, safety, etc.
The following characteristics shall be present: 1:1 High conductivity, requiring low viscosity of the electrolyte, high resolution of lithium salt and high ionity; 2li+ high conductivity transport;
3 High stability, requiring high flashpoints, high decomposition temperature, low electrode activity, no side reaction, long duration, etc. for the electrolyte: 4 interface stable, with better surface filtration properties of positive and negative material, capable of forming during discharge during the previous weeks
(b) A 5-wide electrochemical window capable of passivating the electrode surface to work within a wider voltage range;
(b) Environmentally friendly, non-toxic or less toxic: The electrolyte consists of solvents, lithium salt and additives of approximately 80 per cent, 10-15 per cent, 5 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively.
The nature of the electrolytic solution is closely related to the nature of solvents, lithium salt and additives.
2 Organic solvents should have lower viscosity so that li+ is more easily transported in the electrolytic fluids; 3 Organic solvents must be inert for each component of the battery, especially within the working voltage of the battery, which must be well compatible with both positive and negative:
Organic solvents or mixtures must have a lower melting point and a higher boiling point, in other words, a wider liquid process that allows the battery to have a wider working temperature range; (5) Organic solvents must be of high safety (high flashpoints), non-toxic and low cost.
Although lithium salt is very diverse, there are very few lithium salts that can be used for the electrolysis of lithium ion cells. If it is to be applied to lithium ion cells, it needs to meet some of the basic requirements of 1:1 being more soluble in organic solvents and easier to decompose, thus ensuring a higher electrolyte.
2 with a higher level of antioxidation reduction stability, no electrical activity with organic solvents, electrodes and battery components Chemical and thermal reaction: 3 lithium salt anion must be non-toxic and environmentally friendly:
Production costs are low, easy to prepare and purify. Lithium hexafluorate (lipf6) is the electrolytic lithium salt that is now widely used in commodity lithium ion batteries. Although it is not the best of a single, it is the most powerful combination. Lipf6 is the most commonly used organic solvent.
With more moderate ion transport, moderate decomposition constants, better antioxidation (approximately 5.1vvs. li+/li) and good aluminum passivation to match various positive and negative materials. Lipf6 is sensitive to water, the presence of trace water leads to the decomposition of Lipf6, which is the main factor that Lipf6 is difficult to prepare and purify.
Reasons. The decomposition product is mainly hf and lif, where the presence of lif causes an increase in interface resistance, affecting the life cycle of lithium ion batteries. The other more common lithium salt is lithium difluorosulfonamide (lifsi).
High thermal stability, with high solubility in the carbonate ester system, has a higher charge and lithium ion transport than in the Lipf6 system. But there is a problem of corrosion of aluminum, mainly chlorine introduced in the synthesis process. The commercial lithium ion batteries may contain a variety of additives, which are characterized by low levels of use but can be visible.
Improved performance of a certain aspect of the electrolytic fluid. Its role is generally divided into increasing the conductivity of the electrolyte, increasing the circulation efficiency of the battery, increasing the reversible capacity of the battery, improving the membrane performance of the electrode, etc. Common additives are ethylene carbonate (vc), which can effectively prevent pc co-ingling and increase the high temperature stability of the sei membrane.
1.2 The company is a leader in the electrolyte industry and a leader in the electrolyte industry. Established in June 2000, it has been working on the development, production and sale of new materials for fine chemical industries, with two major business plates: lithium ion battery materials, solar materials and special chemicals.
In 2007, Xijiang Tianjiang New Materials Limited was established, and in 2010 Xijiang electrolyte was successfully tested. Xijiang electrolysis project was officially launched in 2011 and battery materials were fully deployed into the lithium power market.
In 2013, the crystal lpf6 was placed on the market, and in 2014, it was listed at the deep border. In 2017, 100 per cent of Dong Kae-hin was acquired, with electrolysis liquids being the first in the industry.
– The new lithium salt lifsi output in 2019 led to a breakthrough in three-dimensional electrolytic solution technology with high voltage and nickel. After many years of acquisition and replenishment, companies formed industrial chains like Lipf6, lifsi, additives, and electrolyte, with mature R & D shelf platforms.
These include a platform for conventional solvents and new solvent technology shelves, mature additives and new additive technologies, as well as a platform for technology shelves with complete safety solutions.
The company has the leading lithium ion cell electrolyte production process and technology, advanced alien control techniques, and the products have developed applications for new lithium ion cell electrolyte research through the creation of new research and development platforms.
Complemental developments in decomposition, functional additives and electrolytes have raised the company ' s market for electrolyte in the lithium ion cell fluid industry for many years in a row. From 2017, the company had the largest output in the country, and the market was never less than 25%. The company delivered more than 144,000 tons of electrolyte in 2021, compared to the previous year.
The increase was over 97.3 per cent, with a market share of 28.8 per cent, an important supply of batteries such as Ningde and lig. Lithium ion battery material dominated the main business. The ratio of revenue to lithium ion battery materials was 93 per cent. This was mainly due to the company ' s gradual expansion of electrolyte production and delivery, while the price of electrolyte was rising.
The growth in the energy automobile industry has been a major driver of the development of the lithium ion cells and electrolytes industry since 2018. With the growth of photovoltaics, 5g base stations, grid storage, and household storage, the growth rate has also been strong.
In terms of net return profits, profit growth was strong. In 2021, the company returned $2.01 billion to its mother, which was 314.4 per cent more than the previous year, 2022 q1-3 more than 4.36 billion more than the previous year, representing an increase of about 18.7 per cent, mainly because of the continued promotion of beneficiary policies, technological advances and market maturity, and the boom in the scale of the lithium electricity industry.
Continued rapid growth, with continued pressure on the delivery of lithium salt, solvents, additives, etc. upstream of lithium electricity, market supply is high, companies seize opportunities to expand and increase production of internal electrolytes and home-grown key raw materials in a timely manner, and profitability is significant in terms of Māori rates.
The company is now leading the industry in terms of the scale of production and process levels of lithium hexafluorate, which is a home-grown electrolyte raw material. The increase in the self-sufficiency of raw materials and the increase in the price of electrolyte have played an important role in raising the company’s Māori rate.
Corporate cost rates are also better controlled. 218-2022q1-3. Corporate cost rates have declined significantly, with total costs. R & D investment continues to work. In order to guarantee the company ' s technological advantages, the company continued to increase R & D investment between 2018 and 2021. 2. High demand for strong electrolyte development in the lithium electricity industry
With the expansion of electric car applications and the emergence of the electrochemical storage and storage industries, the lithium cell industries have been growing at a high rate. The demand for electrolyte liquids, one of the core materials of lithium batteries, depends largely on the demand for lithium ion batteries.
Lithium storage benefits from the growth of new energy generators, which has been growing faster in recent years, with global emissions of storage batteries increasing by about 133% in 2021, but due to a smaller base, the share of shipments in lithium separation batteries is still low, with the storage of energy batteries accounting for only 11.7% in 2021, and so the balance is still relatively low.
The increase in the volume of new energy vehicles is an important driver in the lithium and electrolyte industries. The penetration rate of new energy vehicles is expected to continue to increase in China, Europe, and the rest of the world.
There is a high degree of consensus among leading countries and major car companies, such as the United States, about the future development of auto electricization. There have been a number of launches of strategic electrical strategies to accelerate the transformation of motor vehicles.
The development of a new energy vehicle is the country’s path from a big country to a strong country, and is a strategic initiative to combat climate change and promote green growth. The New Energy Motor Industry Development Plan (2021-2035) proposes 20% of the total vehicle sales by 2025.
• A new global energy vehicle strategy: Europe’s multi-country exit schedule for pure fuel trucks has been activated, and subsidies for new ones have been increased. The European Union’s latest and most critical low-carbon development policy – “fitfor55” (“carbon reduction 55”) – is committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 55% by the end of 2030 compared to 1990 – which will accelerate Europe.
The motor industry is electricized. The strategy for the car electricization process in the United States has been established. On August 5, 2021, US President Biden signed an executive order “Strengthening American Leadership in Cleaning Cars”, setting a 50% zero carbon-emitting car sales target for the United States by 2030.
Co-declared that the US electric car penetration rate would reach 40% to 50% by 2030, ensuring that the US car industry is a global leader. Technology and market-driven: the new energy vehicle, with its inherent advantages of environmental protection, quietness, economics, etc., coupled with increased mileage for renewal
According to the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, between January and September 2022, China sold 1.47 million cars, a year-on-year increase.
4.6 per cent. Of these, 4.57 million new energy vehicles were sold, representing an increase of 112 per cent in the same year, and 23.5 per cent in market penetration. The impact of the epidemic will gradually decrease. The macroeconomic recovery will promote the development of China ' s automobile market.
Tens of thousands of new energy vehicles, with a corresponding penetration rate of about 25-36-47%. Tens of thousands, with a global increase of about 108% in sales of new energy vehicles on a year-on-year basis in 2021, are in a state of rapid growth in new energy vehicles in China and the world, and the demand for boosted lithium power has increased.
From 65gwh to 220gwh, Chinese power cell output increased by 175% on a year-on-year basis in 2021. Global power cell output increased from 106gwhh to 371gwhh in 2018-2021. Power cell pull demand for electrolyte. China ' s electrolysis fluid output increased from 140,000 tons to 500,000 tons in 2018-2021.
Tons. China ' s electrolysis fluids increased at a similar rate of 100 per cent in 2021. Global electrolytic fluids increased from 210,000 tons in 2018-2021 to 610,000 tons in 2018. Global demand for electrolyte is projected to increase from 1.18 million tons to 4.1 million tons in 2021-2024, with cagr being about 52 per cent, driven by a significant increase in power cells.
3. The leading prominent leader is a strong leader. 3.1 Lipf6 core material has a clear technical and cost advantage. 3.1.1 Lipfe is the core of the electrolyte.
We measure the cost structure of the electrolyte. As in Tables 4 and 5, based on industry fundamentals: the electrolyte consists of solvents, lithium salt and additives of about 80%, 10%-15%, 5%-10%2, respectively, and we assume that the solution in the phosphate lithium and the tri-dollar battery electrolyte, the lithium salt (lipf6) and the additive quality are respectively.
82.5%, 12.5%, and 5%. Solvents are ec/emc/dmc/dec, all of which are about 20.6% phosphate lithium. Adders in battery electrolytes are represented by vc, ps and fec, with a mass of 4%, 0.5%, and a mass of 0.5%. Adders in tri-cell electrolyte are represented by vc, ps, dtd and fec, respectively.
2%, 1%, 1%, and 1%. Then, based on their market open prices, we find that Lipf6 at this stage represents about 65% of the cost of the electrolyte material, and that Lipf6 in the electrolyte has been around 50% of the price of the electrolyte for the last two years (as shown in figure 15) and is the key core raw material.
The price of lithium hexafluorate and the electrolyte is highly correlated. In table 3, we measure the supply and demand of the electrolyte. In 2016-2019, the supply and demand of the electrolyte was relatively stable, with the delivery of the electrolyte to the demand ratio ranging from 62 per cent to 77 per cent, and the shortfall between the volume and demand was not greater.
140,000 tons. In addition, lithium hexafluoride accounted for the highest 9 per cent of the cost of the electrolyte. As the price of lithium hexafluoride declined, so did the price of the electrolyte. In 2020, 63 per cent of the quantity of the electrolyte was delivered to demand, and the shortfall in the amount of the supply to demand was 200,000 tons.
This provides the basis for a sharp rebound in the price of the electrolyte. In 2021, the volume of the electrolyte to demand ratio was 52 per cent, a historical low of nearly six years, with a shortfall of 560,000 tons in delivery to demand, and an absolute gap of more than five years ago.
In August 2020 or so, the price of lithium hexafluoride reached a historical low of almost five years, at about $70,000 per tonne, and then a large one, and almost simultaneously, in August 2020, the price of electrolyte reached a historical low of nearly five years, at about $30,000 per tonne, 3.1.2 lithium carbonate at bottom Lipf6 and electrolyte prices.
Lithium carbonate accounts for about 80% of the cost of raw materials for lithium hexafluoride (as measured by raw materials for the production of lithium hexafluoride, see tables 11 and 12). Lithium carbonate prices are the most critical factor affecting the price of Lipff6. Lithium carbonate prices at the beginning of last year were about 53,000 yuan/tonne, and then significantly higher, and after October of this year they are now 550,000 yuan/tonne.
Around. As shown in Table 6-10, the supply and demand of lithium carbonate in 2022-2024 have been measured to be closely balanced, and the price of lithium carbonate is expected to remain high. Based on the average price of lithium carbonate at the beginning of the year to date, the cost per ton of lithium hexafluoride is 151,000 yuan per ton for solids and liquids and 161,000 yuan per ton per ton (see tables 11 and 12).
When downstream demand is stronger, downstream firms are willing to use a cost-association mechanism to guarantee corporate profitability. According to the supply agreement between the company and the Ninder era, we assume that the company's price of the electrolyte = (six)
The model pricing of Lithium Fluorine Co-benefits + Other Raw Materials Costs + Manufacturing Costs * (1+ fixed percentage)” with a small impact on the company's electrolyte profitability levels due to changes in raw material prices.
“High nickelization” in three-dollar batteries is a future trend because of the increasing demand for energy density in the market and the high cost and toxicity of metal cobalt (co). Based on the assumed tri-material breakdown, a combination of the needs of lithium carbonate in each of the three-material units measured in table 6 has been weighted and processed for three-unit treatment.
Lithium carbonate for ncm batteries is required for positive materials, as shown in table 7. As “high nickelization” develops, lithium carbonate for positive materials for three ncm batteries will decrease. The calculated lithium carbonate requirement for 2022/2023/2024 is 583/562 tons/gwh, respectively.
3.1.3 The company ' s liquid lithium hexafluoride technology and cost advantages are evident. \mathsf{lipf_6} The production process is extremely difficult. Lithium hexafluoride is very unstable, \mathsf{60circ}c} decomposition occurs around \mathsf{60, is extremely tidal and requires very high levels of purity, stability, consistency of lithium ion batteries.
Lithium acid production involves harsh working conditions such as low temperature, strong corrosion, and waterless dust. The company has a production technique for lithium hexafluoride, mainly based on gas-fixing, hydrofluoride solvents and organic solvents.
Presented at the Year. The main steps in the process of reflecting the rule of law are: if (solid) + hf (gas) lihf2 (solid) lf (plough) +hf (gas) +pf5 (gas) lipf6
The synthesis method is simple and performed at high temperatures, but the resulting Lipf6 will cover the formation of a dense protective membrane on the surface of the lif, preventing further response, resulting in a large number of unreactive lifs in the final product and a relatively low product purity. If further purified, it will increase the process, cost, and purity is not easy to guarantee.
The solution for hydrofluoride is to dissolve the lif into waterless hf, re-enter the pf5 gas, generate Lipf6 and then crystallize, filter, dry into the Lipf6 crystal. 3, Organic Solvent. Company Lipf6 synthesis technology is at an international lead level, as shown in figure 19.
The technology routes are polyphosphoric acids and hf synthesis hpf6 with pf5. Pf5 is introduced into the solution of lithium fluorine (the solution is electrolytic, dmc, dec, etc.), which is commonly used in the solution of lithium fluorine (dmc, dec, etc.) for pf5, for response, and for which pf5 is overdosed,
The lpf6 that should be generated is peeled off on the surface of lif and dissolved in solvents The advantage of liquid hexafluoride over solid hexafluoride is: Cost advantage: Lithium hexafluoride per tonne of liquid is 10,000 dollars less than a solid.
The process of producing liquid Lipf6 saves the process of repeated drying and crystallization and effectively reduces the cost of manufacturing. Moreover, the use of solid lithium hexafluoride with more corrosive hydrofluoride, with higher requirements for production equipment, and higher prior investment costs. According to the announcement of the gifted materials and polyfluoride, about $30,000 per ton of solid lithium hexafluoride construction was invested in one ton of lithium hexafluoride.
In addition, the construction cycle for liquid lithium hexafluoride is much smaller than that for solid lithium hexafluorate. Technical advantage: First, the liquid Lipf6 is more homogeneous and more stable/equal to the product quality of the client.
To improve the consistency of core performance. Moreover, liquid Lipf6 raw materials have a high rate of recovery of more than 99%. Moreover, as the reaction processes for phosphorus pentafluoride and lithium fluoride are not performed in corrosive hydro-hydrogen solutions, the corrosive resistance of equipment is significantly reduced.
In a period of tight supply of Lipf6, the Māori ratio was higher than that of the peer-to-peer electrolyte company. In addition, the company's deep-ploughing electrolyte industry, which has for many years managed to master, through technology, the new lithium salt lifsi, and additions, was successful.
The company reports that during the production of high nickel trio-cell electrolyte, the combination of positive-forming membrane additives m55 and m235 with dtd and lithium difluorophosphate is innovative, while ensuring that the batteries are less resistant to membrane.
The high temperatures of high nickel and electrolyte oxidation have produced gas and been highly accepted by customers. 3.2 The competitive advantages of value chain integration are built around the main business and industry, through endogenous construction and outward investment, and firms form vertical stability in the industrial chain.
Vertical operations are integrated, stable supply. Companies are built through the core key raw materials of the electrolyte, lithium hexafluorate, lifsi and electrolytic fluid additives, and are involved in the upstream lithium carbonate plant, Jiangxiyuun lithium, Jiangsu-chung, etc.
The downstream material recycling industry (the company ' s lithium battery-related recovery operation will also provide a certain amount of lithium carbonate in the future) will form a vertical industrial chain to ensure a stable supply of key raw materials.
The linkages between products have created a conglomerates of lithium ion cell material products with cycling effects, with clear synergies. The circulation of sulphuric acid in the industry is typical.
The thorium sulfonic acid is a raw material for lifsi ... and a large volume of hydrogen chloride tail gas produced in the production of the product of lifsi ... and can be used as a feedstock for the product of chlorsulfonate, creating a recycling system between the two, which reduces the cost of the material: The thiosulfate project could provide a source of sulfate for the hydrofluoric acid project.
In addition, sulphuric acid is the basic raw material for the production of the company ' s existing phosphate lithium orthodoxy products.
In terms of supply and transport, the company currently has a number of electrolytic production bases in Guangzhou, Xijiang, Tianjin, Ningde and Xiaoyang, and has a national and focused international regional strategic supply system capable of achieving accurate coverage of the vast majority of its clients within the country ' s 100 km supply radius and 500 km supply radius abroad.
Moreover, after many years of development and accumulation, companies have developed their own core strengths in technical services. Companies have a leading customer demand research system, product formulation databases, and extensive product development design experience that can meet the demand for customized products from downstream customers and have a stable and reliable productive capacity.
The level of production supply and technical services reinforces the breadth and depth of the company ' s collaboration with its clients. Figure 22: The layout of the company ' s domestic electrolytic plant, Figure 23: The overseas layout of the company ' s electrolyte plant
3.4 The expansion of high-quality global clients National New Energy Vehicle Subsidy Policy Adjustment 2017, excess supply of Lipf6 and price collapse triggered the first round of industry shuffling, with some small and medium-sized enterprises underutilized and out of the game. In 2021, in a broader context of better demand,
As the concentration of the entire industrial chain increases, the upstream/downstream bindings become more and more tight. The binding guarantees both the unit price of some of the materials downstream, and the volume of the upstream raw materials in the coming years, the newcomers.
Or small businesses do not have this customer resource advantage, they do not have a guarantee of profitability in the event of volatility, and their competitiveness will gradually decline. As a small number of international high-quality electrolyte producers with the ability to produce their own electrolytic lithium salt and additives in the industry, they benefit from a long-standing good reputation for quality and supply security.
In addition, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Tesla, which further expands the resources of high-quality car customers abroad. In January-September of the year, China’s new energy car sales grew by about 157% and 112%, respectively.
The increase in energy vehicle penetration and sales base will gradually decrease, and as a major driver of growth in the lithium ion cells and electrolytes industry, this will inevitably affect the growth of domestic operations in the battery industry. Currently, there is a low penetration rate of electric vehicles abroad, and it is expected to replicate the high growth rates in the country in 2021 and January-September 2022.
For the leaders of the global new energy vehicles, the company works in depth with Téla and actively deploys offshore production bases, which can be maintained at a relatively high rate of business growth as domestic operations increase at a lower rate in the future, with rapid increases in the penetration of new energy vehicles abroad and rapid growth in the global volume of Téla automobile sales.
The White Paper on Global Operation of Glysed Materials on 27 June 2022 & the release of new products will be held in Chengdu. At the launch, the company presented three heavy-pound new products of the Glysed materials, i.e., non-fluorinated lithium cell glue, nmp replacement solution.
Capable of high bonding, high voltage, stable supply, and fast dissoluble. Pi-coated bonding tactivet126 can be used in high-stabilized slurry processing, with a solid phosphoric-acid lithium battery positive at the end of the pole.
Process upgrades; in the negative polar area, a range of solutions, such as the cmc replacement program tincivek112 and the thickening/glazing of a bonding agent tincivee124.
Cost, reduced energy consumption, process safety, etc. In order to assist in light quantitative design and better heat balance management of lithium ion batteries, the gifted materials have developed low-secret, high flame retardation, high-heat insulation organic silicon elastomers and new types of low viscosity, good fluidity, heat insulation.
The release of this gifted package marks a new city of lithium-based electrical material, developed in concert with the existing business plates, moving in tandem, and providing a more comprehensive and high-quality service to clients. These new materials are expected to become a new business.
On 27 June 2022, for the first time, the company's electrolysis department released to the outside world a white paper on the global operation of the gifted materials, describing the planned layout of eight electrolyte plants in the country and two abroad.
The characteristics of the plant, the location of the plant were analysed and explained. The total planned capacity of 10 electrolyte plants was about 2 million tonnes/year, which allowed the production capacity of the majority of customers in the 100 km supply radius in the country and 500 km supply radius outside the country, in Tianjin, Ningde, Jiangxi Xijiang-Hing Phoenix and Guangzhou factory in 2021 to be calculated at a total capacity of about 170,000.
An additional 400,000 products are planned for the Jinningde plant, which is expected to be released gradually in 2022 as Ningde’s demand for the electrolyte increased, and 150,000 tons of capacity for the Jiangxi Quijiang-Longshan plant, which is expected to increase as demand increases in neighbouring customers.
In August 2021, the company announced that it had planned 200,000 tons of electrolyte production and construction cycles.
On 27 October 2021, the company announced that it would invest in the construction of 300,000 tons of electrolytic liquid energy in Sichuan. The construction week is 18 months. It is expected that it will be released in 2023.
In Jiangmen, Guangdong Province, on 2 June 2022, the company announced that it would build an annual production of 200,000 tons of lithium battery electrolyte project, with a 12-month construction cycle. It is expected to release prior capacity in 2023. In addition to the above areas, the company has established a subsidiary in Germany. The company has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Tesla.
Based on the above analysis, we expect the company to deliver about 1.02 million tons of electrolyte, approximately 2021 solar materials and special chemicals in 2024.
Income: The business is expected to return to the pre-epidemiological level in 2022, but due to the high revenue base in 2021, taking into account the industry in which the company is located, the position of the industry and the main business, the selection of the three listed companies, namely, the State of New Zeus, Ishi Dae-hwa, and the En-Je, as comparable companies.
The state of New Zeus is also an important electrolyte manufacturer, with the second largest volume of supplies, and also with the difference between the self-sufficiency rate of raw material Lipf6 at the core of the electrolytic fluid. Ishi Daehua is the leader of the electrolyte solvents, and the market is the first major player in the industry.
The three companies, with an average of 18.2 per cent in 2022, take into account the differences between industries and the company as an electrolyte.
With a high technological and cost advantage, we believe that the sale of new energy vehicles is not as high as expected: the increase in the sale of new energy vehicles is an important factor in the increase in the volume of electrolytic fluids, and if new energy vehicles are not sold as much as expected due to, for example, a shortage of car chips or an outbreak blockade.
The price of electrolysis fluids has fallen significantly: companies, including the gifted materials, are now expanding their capacity to produce the electrolyte fluids significantly, have not come to build them into the post-partum process, and if new energy vehicles are not sold as much as expected, the price of the electrolytic fluids may fall significantly, which will have a negative impact on the company’s revenue and profits.
There are more sectors and approval processes involved in applications for trial production and completion, and there is a risk that the build-up of capacity will result in an extension of the construction period owing to the failure to approve the expected construction period.
A breakthrough in solid-state batteries triggers technological overlaps: the dominant view in the industry is that semi-solid batteries may be sufficient to produce large volumes of production in about 2025. If semi-solid cell technology and manufacturing processes progress faster, the demand for semi-solid batteries to produce in advance large volumes will decrease.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis