The year 2021 was evaluated by the China Energy International (600011) and its performance was consistent with market expectations, with a certain growth of performance in 2022.
According to the company’s bulletin, the content of the conference was interpreted in 2021: coal, gas, wind, photovoltaic, and most of the damage is reflected in o4.
▪ Looking forward to a high fall in coal prices in 2022, 8gw green power delivery will contribute to a significant increase in performance. Since q4 in 2021, the state has released 500 million tons of advanced coal capacity and this year will release an additional 300 million tons;
The year is planned to produce green power of more than 8gw, with wind power of 3gw (1.35gw wind at sea) and light voltage of 5gw, which is expected to contribute to a significant increase in performance.
(a) Industry level: high weather + good competitive patterns + high profitability, green power operation, 40% compound increase in the size of the company ' s green power plant; taking into account the fact that part of the company ' s new installed aircraft includes the Sea Wind Project, the profitability of the company is stronger than the Land Wind Project, resulting in a compound increase in net profit for the company.
1 Energy International (600011): Assets should increase at a higher rate than reloading, 30 times as high as pegs, 2022 with a significantly undervalued new energy, and the fire tap turned green.
The electricity industry leads 2022-03-201) in the short term, the price of electricity in market-based transactions has floated + the CODC has strictly controlled coal prices, the company's fire and electricity business has become 1, the utility industry: carbon neutrality and perspective
After the most difficult time, it is expected to achieve a profit/loss balance or a small profit. (2) In the medium term, the cost-effectiveness of the fire engine support services is expected to increase with the introduction of the Measures for the Management of Support Services for the Construction and Evolution of the Modern Energy System under Electricity.)
In the long run, the company's existing fire power assets will eventually be converted into green electricity in the form of depreciation.
At present, the pbs of the Volcanic Energy International (a) and the Power International (h) share are 2.10, 2 and the 100-year-old Major Changes III: “The need is 0.39, while the pbs of the Dragon Source Power (a) and Dragon Source Power (h) are 4.01 and 2.06, respectively.
Side management and “intelligence” are public uses, so the value of the company’s existing fire power assets is clearly underestimated.
Performance is in line with market expectations, high coal prices are a major drag on corporate performance. The company’s previous performance deficit announcement is consistent.
With a projected high fall in coal prices in 2022, 8gw green power will contribute to a significant increase in performance. Since q4 in 2021, the country has released 500 million tons of advanced coal capacity, with an additional 300 million tons to be released this year; and from month to month.
It appears that coal production grew by more than 10% in January/February, and that the average daily movement has remained at over 12 million tons since March. According to the company’s open communication content, in 2022, it is planned to produce more than 8gw green power, with wind, green power: high industry climate + good competitive patterns + better profitability, and an empty target market value.
The year’s stable operating assets are better suited to the dcf valuation method throughout the life cycle, but in the next 5-10 years they will be a very clear stage of growth, at which we think it would be more appropriate to use the peg valuation method. 2) The corporate layer has a 40% compound increase in the size of the installed aircraft; considering that some of the company’s additional installed machines have a sea wind project, the profitability is higher than that of the land wind.
More than 50% of the company's coal-fired units are large units of 600,000 kW or more, and 25 power plants are located along the coast along the river.
Economically advanced regions are high-capacity and most profitable high-quality coal-generating assets of the company. In 2017-2021, the company’s coal-fired operations continued to drag on performance owing to high power prices and large asset impairments. 1) In the short term, the floating price of electricity for market-based transactions was strictly controlled by the Development and Change Commission, and we judged that power-fired coal prices were likely to be high.
The shock, the company's fire and electricity business has passed its hardest moments and is expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses or a small profit. (2) In the medium term, the Electricity Support Service Management Scheme has been introduced, and the profitability of the Fire Power Unit Support Services is expected to increase, in accordance with the principle of “who provides, who benefits, who pays”. 3) In the long run, the company's investment in green power assets has increased.
As more and less investments are made in traditional fire power assets, existing fire power assets will eventually be converted into green power assets in a depreciated form, with the current (a share) of the Fever Energy International (h share) pb of 2.10, 0.39 and the current (a) of the Dragon Source Power and (h) of 4.01 and 2.06 respectively, so that the company has the existing pb.
Fire power assets are clearly undervalued. 1) Reduced demand for end-use industrial power is exercised at the macro-economic level, wind and light voltage are more volatile, electricity generation hours are low. 2) Prices for end-use sales are continuously declining as a result of policy implications, company performance is affected by falling electricity prices and historical delays
Undersubsidization has not progressed as expected; 3) power reform has not advanced as expected, national grid investment has not progressed as expected, super-high-pressure construction has not progressed as much as expected; and wind and light voltage construction has not progressed as expected, distribution of distributed projects have not progressed as profitable as expected.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), there is an investment advisory committee on securities.