China
Inner Mongolia Yili Indus-A
ADD (no change)
Yili reported net profit growth of 15.5% in 3Q19 and 11.6% yoy in 9M19, slightly better
than we expected, mainly because of stronger margin expansion.
We expect Yili to continue to upgrade its product mix to drive up its margins in 4Q19F
and FY20F.
Management expects the raw milk price to increase 5–6% yoy in FY20F, which should
lead to a reduction in promotion levels.
Maintain Add with new DCF-based TP of Rmb34.5.
Stronger-than-expected 3Q19 results
Yili's revenue grew 10.8% and 12.6% yoy in 3Q19 and 9M19. We estimate that sales
US$25,055m
Market cap:
volume grew 6-7% yoy in 9M19, and a mix upgrade drove up the ASP by 4%. Yili also
Rmb176,817m
reduced its pricing promotion in 9M19, which led to ASP improvement of c.2%. Its gross
US$204.4m
margin expanded 0.3ppt yoy to 35.5% in 3Q19, since the mix upgrade and promotion
Average daily turnover:
reduction fully offset the raw milk price increase. Yili said the raw milk price was up 8.5%
Rmb1,497m
yoy in 3Q19 and 7% yoy in 9M19, due to strong downstream dairy demand. Yili
Current shares o/s:
continued to gain market share in 9M19, gaining a 2ppt yoy market share for liquid milk to
Free float:
38.8% by end-3Q19. According to ACNielsen data, the industry volume growth of liquid
milk was 2% in 9M19, with normal temperature milk up 3% and low temperature products
Key changes in this note
down 2.5%. We now expect Yili's revenue to grow 12.8%/11.4% yoy in FY19F/FY20F.
FY19F EPS increased by 1.5%.
FY20F EPS increased by 0.9%.
Mix upgrade to continue
FY21F EPS decreased by 2.7%.
\mathbf{z}
Yili continued product premiumization in 3Q19, and sales of high-end products continued
to grow faster. Sales of its high-end UHT milk, Santine, and room temperature yoghurt,
Ambrosial, grew 17% and 17.8% yoy in 9M19 (3Q19: high-teens and 15% yoy growth).
Sales of high-end infant milk powder increased 28.6% yoy in 8M19. Yili launched dream
cover organic Santine milk with protein content of 3.8g in Sep, and will launch fat free
dream cover soon. It will also launch new low-temperature products in 4Q19F. We expect
low temperature sales growth to return to positive yoy in FY20F, from -1% yoy in 9M19,
and Yili to continue to upgrade its product mix to drive up margins in 4Q19F and FY20F.
Exploring new business opportunities
Yili set up healthy drinks and cheese business units in 2H18, and launched a soy milk
drink last year. Management expects soy milk sales to grow in the mid-teens yoy in
FY19F to Rmb500m-600m. Children's cheese launched early this year received positive
market feedback. This month, Yili launched mineral water products and will expand its
water capacity in FY20-21F. Currently, Yili has c.2,000 distributors for its healthy drinks,
half of them existing dairy distributors and the remaining half new.
Promotion levels to fall gradually
Because of a reduction in promotion and good operating leverage, its distribution
expenses ratio was down by 2.4%pts yoy in 3Q19, which completely offset the increase
in the G&A expenses ratio of 1.3%pts, leading to OPM improvement of 0.8%ppt yoy to
9.6% in 3Q19. Management expects the raw milk price to increase 5-6% yoy in FY20F,
which should lead to a reduction in promotion levels. We expect Yili to maintain stable
OPM yoy in FY20F.
We fine tuned our FY19-21F earnings forecasts by 1.5%/0.9%/-2.7% to reflect better
margin assumptions and expenses related to Yili's restricted share plan. We maintain our
Add rating, since we like Yili's product premiumization and lower promotion level. A
positive catalyst is stronger margin expansion owing to better control of expenses. And
the main risk is higher-than-expected raw milk prices.
Analysts
Lei Yang
Sun Feifei
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Dairy | China
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Dairy | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
We are transferring the rating mechanism from "BUY, SELL, HOLD" to "ADD, REDUCE, HOLD". Please refer to the definitions below.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
The stock's total return is expected to exceed 10% over the next 12 months.
ADD
REDUCE
The stock's total return is expected to fall below 0% or more over the next 12 months.
HOLD
The stock's total return is expected to be between 0% and positive 10% over the next 12 months.
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.