Improved downstream demand drives performance growth 22 April 2024
Rojbin’s downstream demand improvement drives performance growth. Company q1 operating income was $3.961 billion, an increase of 42.24 per cent over the same year; net profit from maternity, net profit from deduction, and net profit from maternity, $380 million over the same period.
Chen Wei Gwang has improved the overall crop rate, increasing the pcb, the enveloped base plate, and the electronics union's three main lines of business. In terms of profitability, the company q1 has a Māori rate of 25.20% and net interest rate of 9.59%, respectively.
The R & D cost is 8.53 per cent, an increase of 2.57 pct over the same year, mainly influenced by the capacity-building inputs of the fc-bga platform.pcb operations, companies are actively optimizing the product structure, data centres, motor vehicles, etc.
Downstream, SWpcb operations focused on the communications area, with a decline in the order pattern in 2023, as a result of the slowdown in demand, both within and outside the country. In 24q1, the demand for wireless side orders in the corporate communications area improved significantly over 23q4, and there was an increase in demand for wire side switches, etc. in the data centre area.
In the area of motor vehicles, the company is well aware of the new energy sources and the opportunities for adas growth.
The demand for new customer projects imported in the previous period was further released, and demand for adas-related high-end products started at a pace. q1pcb operations generally showed a low-season trend, and companies performed well throughout the year as demand recovered in the communications sector and the ai, automobile, and auto fields.
Roe(ttm) The industry’s needs are expected to be repaired and the company’s capacity to accelerate release.
Class envelopes have the ability to produce in volume and have a leading competitive advantage in the market with partial segmentation. 24q1 envelopes have an overall business demand of 23q4; bt envelopes have remained in bulk production; fc-bga envelopes have resulted in a sequenced process of product import certification, sample certification, etc.
In the follow-up to the outlook, the company will continue to promote the upgrading of plant capacity in phase II of the tin-free plate, accelerate the competitiveness of the fc-bga product line in Guangzhou, and support the smooth climb of the tin-free and Guangzhou seal project. Note: “Market index” for this rating system, a share reference point is 300 indexes; the new three-board reference point is three-lined.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.