2024q1 performance increased, and downstream demand rehabilitation boosted deep south circuits (002916.sz) issued a quarterly 2024 report. 2024q1 generated $3.961 billion in revenues, with the same amount of revenue.
This represents an increase of 42.24 per cent; a net profit on maternity is $380 million, an increase of 83.88 per cent in the same year; and a surplus of $3.961 billion, an increase of 42.24 per cent in the same year, mainly due to an increase in business orders.
The crop rate for pcb and the enveloped base sheet was higher than 2023q4. The net profit for the parent was $380 million, an increase of 83.88 per cent in the same year; the net profit for the deductible and the latter was $336 million, an increase of 87.43 per cent in the same year.
The total share is 59.68%. The company’s pcb downstream applications are mainly communications-based, focusing on areas such as heart, car electronics, and long-term deep-farming engineering and medical care. In 2023, the corporate pcb industry experienced a decline in the overall size of the order, with a slight increase in the data centre area.
In the long run, there has been an increase of more than 50 per cent in the number of orders in the area of automobiles over the same year, and the structure of the orders continues to improve. The encapsulation base plate has been repaired as a whole.
Both storage and radio frequency wrapping board product orders have increased by the same year, largely thanks to customer development breakthroughs and 2023h2 stock demand repair. Wsts expect semiconductor sales to be equal to board demand in 2024. Meanwhile, the company fc-bga package package part of the product has been certified as sampled, branch
Investment proposal: Prismark expects a 5% increase in global pcb output in 2024. The company’s downstream income structure continues to improve, and the envelope is expected to benefit from a warmer semiconductor cycle.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of work experience in securities, and a previous job in Quantities, the Ministry of National Security, and the Ministry of Trust Securities in Beijing. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as the head of the electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.