Events: One-quarter report in 2024, 2024q1 achieved total operating income of $3.961 billion, deep south circuits (002916), improved demand in areas such as company data centres, cars, envelopes, etc., and diversified development
\triangleright. For the data centre, in the second half of 2023, some of the company's clients, eaglestream platform, practice number: s1500522209001
In the case of cars, there has been a significant increase in the number of orders issued in 2023 with the use of electric power and intelligent driving. In the case of envelopes, demand has increased in the second half of 2023.
In terms of communications, demand in the domestic market as a whole in 2023 was still at an all-time low, projects slowed down in the second half of the overseas market, and corporate communications pcb orders fell. Looking ahead, the development of the ai was driven.
The company, as the country’s first-tier pcb plant, is expected to enjoy an industrial development dividend. The new nine articles focus on the long-term development of capital markets and recommend attention to the high-performance stock.
Article 9 was published, proposing “enhanced cash-sharing regulations for listed companies”, “promoting listed companies to raise the value of their investments.” The deep south circuit, a national brand-old pcb manufacturer, held 63.97% of the shares up to 24q1, China Air International Holdings Limited.
Improvements are clear and suitable for the current market environment, and it is recommended that sustained attention be given.
In November 2022, the Sindam Securities Electronics Group joined the 9th House of the City Street of the West Side of Beijing to study optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc., semiconductor materials, integrated circuit designs, etc.
The monthly entry into Shanghai Microelectronic Equipment (GSM) Inc., an engineer in the optical machine system, joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in December 2022 to study precision electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment and parts, semiconductor processes, etc., to store chips, simulate chips, etc.
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.