On February 2, the company announced that it had completed the purchase of cardinalhealth(l)co. Ltd. had completed the process of handing over the purchase price of $576 million.
The wholly-owned subsidiary, Centuryglobal, holds 100% of Kandler Malaysia’s equity and indirectly, through Kondler Malaysia, owns all of the Chinese out-of-the-way M&As it has established in Hong Kong and China, expanding its distribution network. According to Ministry of Commerce data, Shanghai Medicine 2016
Market share: 7.55%, third place, Candles China has 25.4 billion yuan in revenue, market share 1.69%, eighth place, Shanghai medicine ranking after M & As, which will further consolidate Shanghai medicine in the field of medicine. Shanghai M & As
From the point of view of historical financial performance, market scarcity or business complementarities, it is not possible to obtain a lot of M&As for Shanghai medicine. It is not part of its distribution business.
This acquisition will strengthen the company’s core networks in Shanghai, Beijing, Zhejiang, while expanding the gap areas of Tianjin, Chongqing, and Guizhou, expanding the company’s distribution network to 24 provinces, accelerating the country’s coverage of 28 provinces by 2020.
Import operations work together to become China’s largest importer of pharmaceutical products. This acquisition will point to the trend of the company’s index over the past year towards improving the company’s international pharmaceutical supply chain service capabilities and enriching the company’s agents’ pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products.
The number of agents for imported drugs will rise to the top of the industry, becoming China’s largest importing agent and distributor. Mergers and acquisitions will acquire high-quality dtp chain pharmacy assets.dtp(directtopatient)
As the process of medical reform deepens, the trend towards the outflow of prescriptions and the division of medicines becomes clearer.
The dtp pharmacy model will gradually take on a major role in the marketing of medicines. Shanghai medicine has more than 40 dtp pharmacies in East and North China, and Candle China has 30 dtp pharmacies in 22 cities and cities.
Condler is one of the country’s leading distributors of medical devices, specialty drug agents, and triangular logistics operators. The infusion of this business has helped to expand the scale and character of Shanghai medicine’s operations in medical devices and special pharmaceuticals, and to raise the final stage.
A full-scale, in-depth, strategic collaboration arrangement with Condélé, which will work in depth in areas such as the global market for medical devices, internationalization of medicines, and the creation of new medical services. Profit predictions and investment proposals: as the impact of the two-count system on the transfer of operations diminishes, business growth will resume gradually, with long-term public access.
The Division, as a business leader, will benefit significantly from the increased concentration in the pharmaceutical business sector brought about by the policy of double-counting, with high performance growth