Shanghai Medicine (601607) Medicine Biochemistry Core business growth is robust and joint venture activity slows performance
Summary of performance: Companies achieved 13.8 billion yuan (+8.4 per cent) in 2017: 31.8 billion yuan (+5.2 per cent) in terms of net profit on maternity; 830 million yuan (+12.6 per cent) in terms of net profit on maternity; 390 million yuan (-39.4 per cent) in terms of net profit on non-retroactivity on maternity.
Performance is hampered by joint ventures. 1) The joint venture is affected by new inputs and lower prices for products, and contributes 42.1 per cent to investment returns on a year-on-year basis.
• Industry: maintain a high growth trend in the first half of the year. 1) Corporate pharmaceutical industry achieved 15 billion yuan in 2017 (+20.7 per cent); Māori increased 3.3 pp over the same year, operating profit rates increased by the same year after deducting two fees (+0.75 pp), Māori increased by 265 pp over the same year, and there were 28 large varieties with sales income of over 100 million yuan over the year.
Vitaco also contributes $974 million in revenue and $0.07 million in profits. 2) The consistency evaluation has been steadily advancing, with a total of 70 species of consistency evaluation.
• Commercial: distribution through outreach to achieve a national layout; retailing to wait for a prescription outflow. 1) 217 billion yuan (+6.9 per cent) in the pharmaceutical distribution business of the Department of Public Administration, gross in the context of an increase in the net distribution rate
The interest rate has been raised by 0.23 pp on the same basis, and the operating profit rate has been increased by +2.61 pp on the same basis after deducting two fees. The two-vote system has had an impact on the company’s transfer business, which is expected to be hedged in the future through net sales transfer. 2) Extremism, with companies acquiring 100% of Kondler Malaysia’s equity, 51% Sichuan Sae and 99% Xu State medicine.
Equity has increased the breadth and depth of coverage of the company ' s national network of pharmaceutical distribution, achieving a breakthrough in the coverage of Sichuan, Chongqing, Guizhou and Tianjin, with distribution networks extending directly from 20 to 24 provinces. 3) Retail operations now account for a small share of corporate income and profits, with the largest growth point in the retail sector being the outflow of prescriptions.
The company's dtp model has been able to connect with the prescription drug industry, achieve an outflow of prescriptions in the field of new special medicines, and the company now owns the largest dtp business in the country, and has connected to more than 100 hospitals with a hes system, which is expected to take advantage of the pre-design flight.
1. Shanghai Medicines (601607), intended to buy Condération, won, 17 times, 15 times and 13 times, respectively. The company ' s business is highly specialized, and it is the country ' s second largest distributor of medicines.
Biggest dominance is the persistence of strong players in industrial change, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Speeding up and accelerating distribution throughout the country (2017-04-28) No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.