Industrial sector performance is rising, distribution block is long-term good for the percentage of pure sales Pharmaceutical industry business: income growth, significant increase in the Māori rate, and a rich R&D reserve
Basic data (2017q4) The company achieved income of $14,987 million in 2017 for pharmaceutical industry operations, an increase of 3.3 percentage points in the same year, and a significant increase in income growth and Māori rates.
Focus and priority product focus strategy, with 60 priority varieties earning $7,979 million, the same company adopted a replicable combination of R & D strategies, with R & D costing 790 million in 2017 in the field of immunization and cardiovascular, and obtained injection against recombinant monoclonal antibodies against her2 sources
- 8 clinical batches, i.e. mcc-dm1, declaration of six production batches, i.e., chrysotam, acquisition of four production batches, i.e., injection of insulin protein enzymes, building up a forward-looking chain of new drug research and development products and improved and innovative product chains with clinical value and technical characteristics.
Corporate product lines are further enriched. In generic pharmaceutical research and development, companies focus on consistency evaluation, pooling resources, focusing on the evaluation of generic consistency, and have carried out 70 consistent evaluation exercises, of which 21 are non-catalogues, close to 289.
One third of the products are in the clinical research phase. The company, in collaboration with several tri-a-hospitals in Shanghai, has set up a strategic coalition for clinical research, which has reached 22 clinical support projects.
In the long run, the pharmaceutical industry has seen a steady annual increase in investment in research and development, thanks to a combination of innovative research and development strategies, with a rich stock of research products, new drugs and the prospect of growing pharmaceutical industry business growth.
Medical distribution: an increase in the proportion of net sales benefiting from the “two votes”, the acquisition of Candler's sales revenue from the company's pharmaceutical distribution business in 2017 of $116.15 billion, an increase of 6.93 per cent over the same period, and the slowdown in revenue from the distribution business mainly due to short-term national push of the “two votes” system.
Report No.: Jx18-ct07 was expanded to 24 and the ratio of net sales to hospitals was 62.35%, an increase of 1.56 percentage points. The Public Administration maintained the pace of expansion and purchased 100% of Kandler Malaysia ' s shares at $576 million.
Shanghai Medicines (601607) Mid-2017 reported a significant increase in industry, long-term national distribution rights, completed in February 2018. We believe that companies are leading the country as a whole.
Prominent pharmaceutical companies, with a “two vote” scenario, are expected to expand the share of pure sales - market share as of 31st of 2017: on the other hand, companies have increased their presence in China through the acquisition of Candler's business.
Performance is expected to be accompanied by the introduction of imported agent products, the enrichment of pharmaceutical retail operations: performance growth is robust, and the dtp business layout continues to push forward. The company achieved sales revenue of $5.640 billion in 2017 in retail pharmaceutical operations, a year-on-year increase.
The Department owns 1,892 chains of pharmacies, of which 1,247 are in direct business. The company is involved in the Shanghai Community Reform Project “Description Extension” which now covers 146 community hospitals and health services in Shanghai City, and is expected to benefit in the long term from a graded clinic that will provide a boost to the growth of retail operations.
There are 54 dispensaries on the side of the yard, which, after gaining access to the dtp gate shop in Candle China, further established the company’s largest network of new special drugs and dtp services, with a total of more than 70.
The decline in net non-mortality profits over the year is mainly due to factors such as the decline in profits from participating enterprises. Public: 1) Rhodes pharmaceuticals earned business income in 2017, net profit of $10,450 million, 22.48 per cent, decrease of 78.53 per cent, and 3) China and China achieved business income and net profit in 2017.
Anticipated risks of industrial policies such as double-counting; less than expected risks of mergers and acquisitions; risks of declining Māori rates due to factors such as mergers and acquisitions, intense competition in regional markets; and risk of less than expected price ratings for generic pharmaceuticals
It is 20.81 times higher than the median of 17 years of marketed companies, which are below the industry average. In our view, the company, as a leading drug-flowing company, with its “two votes” marketing network covering the country's 24 provinces and cities, is expected to increase the net sales in this round of trade shuffling.
The co-benefits of corporate business integration are conducive to raising the overall profitability of higher firms. For the next six months, the “prudentially increasing” rating will be maintained.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, relevant to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.