The performance of the joint venture has been hampered by the public interest in Shanghai Medicine - Shanghai Medicines (601607).
This represents an increase of 10.14 per cent and a decrease of 2.73 per cent over the same period in the net return to the mother of 2.846 billion yuan. q4 income of 31,816 million yuan in the single quarter, an increase of 5.18 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of 832 million yuan, an increase of 12.56 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of 389 million yuan, a decrease of 39.41 per cent over the same period.
2. The company ' s 100 per cent share in a big pharmaceutical house and 100 per cent in the pharmaceutical industry in a company that is expected to be fully owned by the shareholders in the transferred holdings of no more than $320 million.
The recovery of accounts receivable that had been misdirected in the previous period resulted in a non-recurrent gain or loss of $368 million, an increase of $216 million over the same period last year. The net profit growth after the company’s withholding was lower than expected in the market, mainly because of the drag on the joint venture, which, thanks to new inputs, had to contract at $0.07 billion, after the elimination of the company’s pharmaceutical industry revenues at a rate of 14.21 per cent.
Qualitative marketing teams, which promote fine management of marketing channels, have created two separate marketing departments, one guided by academic marketing and one by a network of sophisticated channels. At the same time, through the implementation of an area-focused and priority product-focused strategy, the company achieved sales revenue of $779 million for 60 priority varieties, an increase of 14.42 per cent compared to the previous year, with a Māori priority of 71.28 per cent, an increase of 2.65 percentage points over the same period.
The impact of the ticketing system on the transfer business was only 6.93% higher at the end of the company’s earnings, but better growth at the end of the profit was also influenced by a two-vote system, and the company’s merger and purchase accelerated at the circulation plate. In addition to completing a $576 million acquisition of Kondela Malaysia on February 2, 2018, and then owning Kandler’s business in Hong Kong and China, the company had two relatively large acquisitions in the business section in 2017.
On 1 February and 31 July 17, with $579 million and $297 million for 99 per cent of Xu State medicine and 51 per cent of Sichuan Shinwoo medicine, there were 1,892 retail pharmacies under the company ' s brand chain as of 2017, of which 1,247 were direct stores, representing an increase of 85 and more than the same period last year, further establishing the status of the company ' s largest network of new drug dtp services.
The three major cost rates for companies have increased slightly over the last year, and we believe that the main reason is an increase in the share of the pharmaceutical industry, combined with an increase in the share of pure sales within the pharmaceutical commercial section (the transfer business is largely uncosted): the cost of sales, the administrative cost rate, the financial cost rate of 5.66 per cent, and 3.15 per cent, respectively, because of an increase in the share of pure sales, on the one hand, and possibly in relation to a zero-sum country, on the other.
The new chairman of the board has strengthened the capital operation, expanding the business integration front page, and the new president of the company has been running the capital, expanding the company as one of the leading leaders in the pharmaceutical business.
Since taking office, the company has completed four larger acquisitions: $576 million for Kandela Malaysia, 938 million yuan for 60 per cent of vitacco, 579 million yuan for 99 per cent of Xu State medicine, and 297 million yuan for 51 per cent of Sichuan Saewo medicine. The company announced this time that it would have 100 per cent of the big German pharmacy and 100 per cent of the new century ' s pharmaceutical industry, which is expected to be fully owned by shareholders with no more than $320 million.
Of these, the unaudited earnings of a large pharmacy in 2017 were $137 million net profit and $3.43 million net profit, while the unaudited revenues of the new century pharmaceutical industry were $379 million net profit and $6.24 million, respectively.3 The investment logic is recoupled: industry looks at conformity evaluation leading to optimal generic competition patterns, and business looks at the two-vote profit runs leading to long-term concentration.
The company has set up a consistency evaluation office for a total of 70 (97 batches), of which 21 are.
In addition, the company, in collaboration with several tri-a-hospital hospitals in Shanghai, has established a strategic alliance for clinical research, with 22 clinical support projects.
Medical commerce: 30 of the 31 provinces except Hong Kong and Autain (the Xinjiang has no clear time) have implemented a double vote by 2017, and given that there is usually a three- to six-month buffer period after the two-vote system is implemented, we judge that the impact on the transfer operation will last until mid-2018 at the latest. At the same time, according to our grass-roots research, the increase in circulation in the provinces has generally returned to a positive pace within three to six months of the implementation of the two-vote system, and I
After q3 in 2018, there is only a “longer” logic of rapid increase in concentration. Pharmacy retailing: as the leader of the dtp pharmacy, and with its rich variety of resources, it is hoped that the future will benefit from a long-term advance in the outflow of prescriptions.
The advantages of corporate variety resources are expected to benefit in the long term from the outflow of prescriptions in the future. East’s financial and intellectual sources are 16x, 14x, 12x, and the company has long benefited from the integration of the two-vote system for its leaders in the area of circulation, while the company’s industrial board is expected to benefit from the integration of the two-vote system.
It is expected to accelerate growth as the evaluation of consistency is gradually landing, adding to the expansive expectations of the new president of the company and maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating. The liquidity sector is not as integrated as expected, the associated enterprises continue to slow growth in performance, and the source of Eastern financial prosperity and prosperity continues to grow.
One of the seven core members of the new wealth team in 2015 and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. M.A. Pharmacology, North, Beijing University.
B.A. in Pharmacology, Beijing University, and Kwan Koko, three years old.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.