Shanghai Medicine (601607.sh) is growing at the desired rate in the main industry.
(b) Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Business section, income end with a slight increase in net sales share due to a double vote system, stock growth pressure;
The impact of the two-vote system is less than income, and the new provinces have not been able to make a profit; 18 years, Cardinal 1.
Industrial plates, marketing reform effects are beginning to show, income increases are accelerating on a quarterly basis, with a year-round achievement of three-quarters reviews - industry in line with expectations, a sharp drop in profits from the contribution of joint, joint ventures and associated enterprises, and non-mortality net profits, with impairment losses on accounts receivable
3. Shanghai Medicine - Central Report Review - Business is largely in line with pre-return and long-term equity investment disposal gains and increases in non-recurring profits; short-term corporate operating funds are under greater pressure and financial costs are expected to continue to increase.
4. The assessment of consistency of R & D inputs has increased significantly and the pace of development of products has accelerated, based on the positive distribution patterns and trends in the two-vote industry, as well as in the Cardinal country.
In addition, we believe that the distribution business is expected to grow at a combined rate of more than 15 per cent over the next three years; industry, with vitaco cumulations (short term), marketing of core varieties (medium term), consistency of generic drug benefits; poor expansion of distribution operations; two-vote push; low expectations of improved marketing of core varieties; and finance
Lee Ying-Rae, with higher costs, higher fluctuations in non-recurrent earnings, etc. Business contributed $1.44 billion, an increase of 16.10 per cent compared to the previous year; business owners contributed $1.61 billion.
(a) A 15.39 per cent increase in the same year (with a lower real rate of increase for the elimination of impairment of accounts receivable);
Corporate distribution is concentrated on the two main platforms of upper drug control and Xinhai. Shanghai holdings, 17 years, increased revenue by 8.6%, down from the reported 11.8%, and the impact of the double vote began to show up, 17 years of profit.
The rate of growth is 8.2%, higher than the 6.0% reported, and we believe that Xu State medicine has contributed, but the new provincial platforms are still under construction, which has contributed to the delay in their performance. The 17-year revenue growth rate in the Xinhai Sea is just 5.5%, slightly higher than the 5.3% reported, and is lower than the overall rate due mainly to the Qu province.
The market pattern in the northern region, which accounts for a relatively large share of revenue, has grown by 20.4 per cent, and we believe it is related to the company's active expansion of the high-profit equipment distribution business, but the year-round performance of 679 million was significantly higher than last year's equivalent of 237 million, representing a reduction in the value of the receivables.
Cardinal ' s domestic operations were completed in February 2018 with only $25 billion in new revenue, and recently the fiscal year ebitmargin was only 2.17 per cent, well below 2.76 per cent in 17 years of drug distribution. Industrial plates, with marketing reforms beginning to show a quarterly acceleration of income growth, reached 20.71 per cent throughout the year.
The 60 priority varieties of income amounted to $7.98 billion a year-on-year increase of 15.3 per cent over the same period, exceeding the medium-term peace agreement, significant decline in profits from the contribution of associated enterprises and net non-repatriation profits, loss of impairment of receivables, recovery and higher non-recurring profits from disposal of long-term equity investments, and pressure on short-term corporate operating funds
On the financial side, long-term borrowing increased by $840 million on the one hand, and short-term borrowing increased significantly on the other.
In addition, there has been an increase in the number of working days in accounts receivable and, taking into account the pressure of the Cardinal table, the company announced that it would issue debt financing instruments of up to $5 billion; at the same time, it reported a significant increase in the evaluation of the consistency of research and development inputs based on short-term loans and an acceleration in the pace of product development.
The company spent $790 million on R & D throughout the year, up from 671 million in the same period last year; of this, a consistent assessment of 165 million was significantly higher than the same period of 53 million in the year.
The consistency evaluation focused on 70 varieties, of which 21 were off-catalogue 289; nearly one third of the products were in the clinical research phase and 22 clinical support projects were in place; and Hydrotherin, Cartopuli and Cfda were reported.
In terms of varieties, the production of sodium Parisheshabu, the Rishuvertin calcium tablets has been declared, the use of small molecular drugs, such as sph3127, in i-clinics, the variety of biopharmaceuticals, the end of income: trends in the industry based on the positive layout of the upper drug in the distribution business and the double-vote system, and
In the case of domestic operations in the cardinal, we believe that the combined growth of the distribution business over the next three years is expected to reach more than 15 per cent: the industrial plate is expected to return to steady growth with the adoption of vitaco cumulations (short-term), the marketing of core varieties (medium-term) and the elimination of fluctuations in the investment returns of joint ventures.
▪ Poor expansion of distribution operations, lower-than-expected two-vote push, lower-than-expected improvements in the marketing of core varieties, higher financial costs and higher fluctuations in non-recurring returns.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.