China Oil (601857.sh) Natural gas market reform continues to deepen, and the vanguard is expected to benefit fully.
Petroleum petrochemicals, refining and trade Investment rating: superior to the metropolitan area (maintenance) 1 August, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency issued a report on improving the transport price regime for gas pipelines in the provinces for high-quality industrial development
The Guidance states that prices for the transport of gas pipelines in the provinces should be set in a uniform price-fixing model, with relevant provisions for pipeline prices. 1) At the source of gas: China-China oil maintains a steady increase in production, the company acts as the main force of gas produced in the country, and the production of natural gas has steadily increased; for imported gas pipelines, China-Russian-East gas pipelines are expected to produce an increase of 8 billion cubic metres in the same year in 2025; ng imports are expected to be the same as imports of gas from the Russian-Russian-East pipeline.
Supply of the most flexible natural gas, with imports falling on a par in the first half of the year, and a significant decline in imported gas prices in the first half of 2025, owing to the higher price of imported pipeline gas linked to crude oil. The average price of the corporate gas pool is expected to drop. 2) Pipelines: as requested by the National Development Commission and the National Energy Authority, provincial development reform departments are approved on the basis of the “permitted costs plus reasonable returns” methodology
Intra-provincial gas pipeline transport prices, which can be set in the form of stick prices or zoning pricing, are expected to be harmonized gradually; in principle, the rate of return is allowed to be no higher than the rate of return on the national debt of the 10-year period plus 4 percentage points, which is expected to further reduce the price of intra-provincial gas transport; guidance is clearly provided to reduce transport levels and to support access to national and intra-provincial backbones by eligible urban gas companies and large users.
Pipelines such as backbones download natural gas, pipelines are further marketed, cross-subsidization between business and urban burners is expected to be mitigated and gas potential released. 3) Terminals: more marketized gas pricing schemes for oil pipelines in mid 2025-2026, more regulated gas consumption, combined gas prices
In the first half of 2025, China's oil industry invested in improving the quality and efficiency of its development, strengthening the synergies of its industrial chain, and maintaining a safe and stable oil and gas chain.
In the first half of the year, the oil production of the oil fields increased by 10.9 million tons and gas production increased by 222 million cubic metres; In the first half of the year, the oil fields strained the “resource core” strategy, synergizing the construction of oil and gas production and the development of new sources of energy by 0.61 per cent and steadily moving towards the year-round “more than 60 million tons of continuous steady production”; in the first half of the year, southwest oil and gas.
In August of 2024, Brent's crude oil prices began to decline, reaching a low price of $64 per barrel per month in May 2025. In the context of zeropec+ production growth, the price of crude oil has been consistently announced.
The Brent oil price hub is projected to be $65-75 in 2025, down somewhat from the 2024 annual average, which will drive the import of natural gas. Figure 1: Changes in domestic natural gas production. Figure 2: Average monthly price of Brent crude oil (US$/barrell)
In the case of imported pipeline gas, the Central Asian pipeline and the Central Asian pipeline are already in a steady state of operation, with a relatively stable supply of gas pipelines along the Russian-Russian-East line, the volume of pipeline gas imports in the first half of the year was 2,943,000 tons, an increase of 10.39 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of 2025, our imports amounted to 3,011 million tons, a decrease of 20.60 per cent compared with the previous year. In the company ' s gas pool, home-grown gas costs are the lowest, and company production is expected to rise steadily; in the middle of the gas costs of imported pipelines, the volume of imports increases as production reaches the Chinese-Russian-East line, and the price of imported pipeline gas falls with international oil prices; ng prices are the highest and the company ' s imports are the same.
In summary, the average price of the company's gas pool in 2025 is expected to fall. Pipe-over: Views are expected to reduce the price of gas terminals and mitigate cross-subsidization.
In addition, the Opinion explicitly supports the reduction of transportation levels and the downloading of natural gas by eligible urban gas companies and large users of pipelines such as national and provincial trunklines, backbones, and so forth.
Cross-subsidization between commercial and urban users is expected to be reduced, and the potential for industrial gas is expected to be released. Natural gas consumption is currently at a high rate of growth and is expected to continue at a sustained rate in the medium term. In 2024, gas consumption rose to 426.05 billion cubic metres, an increase of 8 per cent compared to the previous year; in the first half of 2025, gas consumption was affected by warm winter, with an apparent consumption of 210.32 billion cubic metres.
Me, which fell by 0.9% in the same year; thanks to falling gas prices and macroeconomic recovery, gas consumption in the country has gradually recovered, and in June data show that gas consumption has increased by 3.29% in the same month, and gas consumption is expected to increase more moderately in 2025. As the gas market has continued, the dividends of the reforms have been released, and gas consumption continues to benefit.
Figure 6: Monthly gas consumption in the country in 2025: endpoints: more marketized sales, combined gas prices are expected to rise
7% of the price is based on the spot price of imports from the Shanghai Oil and Gas Exchange Centre. This indicates further marketization of sales of petroleum and gas in China, and an expected increase in prices for company sales of natural gas in 2025-2026.
Cross-subsidization has been mitigated, end-use gas potential released, and, in the case of gas terminal pricing, corporate non-regulated gas ratios have been rising, and aggregate gas prices are expected to rise. As natural gas marketization reforms have intensified, the profitability of corporate gas operations is expected to increase further. Risks of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; risks of frequent natural disasters; risks of new projects falling short of expectations; geopolitical risks; and policy risks.
China Oil (601857.sh) - Oil and Gas Reserves are changing rapidly and the refining capacity to reduce oil is increasing rapidly — 2025-06-19 author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion, without any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.