Events: China Oil released its semi-annual report for 2025 in the evening of 26 August 2025. Oil prices went down in the middle, and exploration and exploitation and refining operations suffered minor delays. Oil prices at the end, 2025.
In the first half of the year, international oil prices as a whole showed a downward spiral, largely influenced by the projected over-expected increase in the cropc+ and the projected demand for US tariff policy shocks. Although the Iraq conflict pushed international oil prices in June, geo-pricing weakened in the post-ceasefire margin, and oil prices fell in the first half of the 2025s.
The average price of oil was $71 per barrel, a 15% decline in the same year. The split was profitable, with oil and gas and new energy sources, refining and new materials, sales plates, and gas sales plates operating in the first half of the year. Overall, oil prices fell unilaterally in the first quarter, and oil prices fluctuated sharply in the second quarter.
The decline in oil prices has reduced the profitability of the business, the weakening of the refining plate by supply and demand and the impact of stock falls, which has led to a certain drag on corporate profitability, and the growth of natural gas sales. Oil and gas production has increased steadily, and new energy operations have continued to break out.
For oil and gas, the company achieved 923.6 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent in the first half of 2025, an increase of 2.0 per cent over the same period, while its middle crude oil production was 476.4 million barrels, an increase of 0.3 per cent over the same period, and its natural gas production was 447.2 million barrels.
In the first half of the year, the company experienced a decrease in basic operating costs, such as operating fees, which cost $10.14 per barrel per unit of oil and gas, a significant decrease of 8.1 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, resulting in a significant reduction in efficiency gains.
Operational layout, continuing the construction of priority projects such as storage of light voltage, Qing Hae Gaeok wind power, and Gillinge wind power, with wind power increasing by 70 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and new energy operations fast-moving, with crude oil processing of 694.3 million barrels, almost at the same level as last year's production of finished oil.
A total of 59,570,000 tons, or -0.9 per cent, of finished oil sales plates, differentiated marketing of company varieties, regions, and customers, contributed to a negative increase in sales of domestically produced oil, with 58,665 million tons sold in the first half of the year, compared to +0.3 per cent, mainly from diesel fuel and kerosene products.
Sinda Securities Inc. Block, where companies increased production and sold high-value refined oil products and high-value-added chemical products in the first half of the year, and cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Increased research and development on new products, resulting in a total of 1997.10 million tons of chemical products, compared with the same amount in Beijing.
Growth of 4.9% in the production of 16,65 million tons of new materials, 54.9% in comparison with the increase of 54,9% in the production of new materials, sustained a high growth rate of more than 50% for three years. In our view, in the short term, the refining industry is still at the end of the cycle, but the company ' s refining plate has accelerated the optimization of the production structure and optimized the original.
Oil resource allocation, and increased research and development of new products, still have a strong risk-resilient capacity during the downturn in the industry. Natural gas sales have increased both in volume and in market shares.
Continue to optimize the gas pool structure and combined procurement costs by steadily upgrading efficient markets, high-end customers as a proportion of sales. Companies achieved 151.50 billion cubic metres of natural gas sales in the first half of the year, 2.9 per cent more than in the same year; and domestic sales of natural gas, 1,197.7 billion cubic metres, 4.2 per cent more than in the previous half.
In the same period of history, the market share rose by 2.1 pct. The company’s ability to generate efficiency in the natural gas industry surged, helping the company to perform more securely. Profit predictions and investment ratings: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2025-2027, respectively.
We maintain a corporate “buy-in” rating for performance repair in the process of this efficiency boost. Risk factors: below the expected risk of production in storage; risk of significant fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of below-expected performance in the new build-up capacity of the company; unrepaired risk of downstream demand; new energy sources.
Dr. Zhog Ming, University of Mines (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Mineral Economics Society, member of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Advisory Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Ad Hoc Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (main holder), research consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for over 10 years and chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Planning and Coal Planning Programme
In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector and is now the head of the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre. Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of Technology on the petrochemical economy.
Committee members, research on energy transformation, carbon neutrality, petrochemical industry development, etc., have led studies on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and have participated in the preparation of policy documents relating to the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in ministries.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.