• China Petroleum (601857.sh) incident assessment report released by China Petroleum on its semi-annual performance report for 2025: the company became operational in the first half of the year
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn produces robust growth in production and profitability highlights the fact that the current oil and gas equivalent is 924 million barrels, an increase of 2 per cent over the same period, with domestic oil realized.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved an average oil price of $66.21 per barrel, a 14.5 per cent decline.
The average price of oil dropped in the first half of the year is roughly the same. Benefiting from the advantages of integration in the petrochemical industry chain, the company’s overall Māori rate is stable despite falling oil prices.
Planning capital expenditure of $262.2 billion in 2025, of which capital expenditure in the first half of the year was cost structure optimized on a continuous basis, operating cash flow stabilization period costs, corporate sales/management/financial/periodic costs in the first half of 2025
In terms of cash flows, net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $227,063 million, a steady increase of 4.
Term deposits of more than three months and payments of 7 per cent for the purchase of construction, plant and machinery, mainly due to lower interest-bearing debt on a year-on-year basis.
In 2025, the company's oil and gas production is expected to grow steadily, with plans to optimize it step by step, and to build up the company's profitability with high yields.
Millions of dollars, an increase of $32 billion in the same year, are well-funded. Despite pressure from oil prices, companies operate with the advantage of an integrated industrial chain, showing greater resilience and stability. In the future, the company's refining industry will continue to be active in the middle.
The transformation of high-end industrial chains is expected to increase profitability even further by optimizing installation loads and product structures, continuing the “reduced oil growth” “reduced oil efficiency” strategy and increasing the proportion of high-value-added and special products.
Risk of fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of exchange rate fluctuations; risk of investment and M & As; industry cyclical risk; risk of technological R & D and transformation
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.