Micro-innovation: Leasure storage is still promising, mcu mega-innovation (603986.sh) Accelerated national production substitution
The company is a domestic storage and mcu tap and has formed a closed-ring business layout company dedicated to storage and control chip design, with major products including noorflash, nandflash, dramley.
In 2019, the company acquired Slim, and the company entered the telepathic track. The company was formed.
The strategic layout of the "storage+control+sense" system is well prepared to build integrated solutions and move into the network market. Noorflash is still high, and the company’s car regulation product is moving well.
It has the advantage of reading fast, supporting intrachip computing, and high value for money, and has unique advantages in areas such as networking of things, automobiles, and electronics. It has benefited from the high demand and limited supply downstream, with noorflash having seen a price increase since 2021, and in the recent past, despite dram's spot prices.
The fall, but the noorflash period and prices remain high. The company’s noorflash product thanks the interns for their excellent focus, the process from 65 nm to 55 nm, adding 12 inches to the nectar with the rainbow.
In the second half of the year, the company’s output growth is significant. With respect to the progress of car regulation products, 2gb large capacity gd55 has also been certified by aec-q100, and car regulation spinor has achieved full capacity coverage of 2mb-2gb. In the long run, the nonflash industry has limited capacity to produce new products in the future.
The company will enjoy the dividends of a higher rate of city occupancy and high industry. The first dram self-research product was successfully launched, and Liquidram’s business readiness was extended to the dram track by working with the Fatty Chang.
In terms of self-research products, in June 2021, the company ' s first self-research of 19nmddr4 products, mainly for consumer niche markets such as ipc, tv, 17nmddr3, is in the process of development.
The process node for the Division’s products is 17-19nm, which is more competitive. The company has a leading sales channel and brand advantage in the niche storage market, and it is also helping the company to mainstream and innovate in its future dram business, which is the largest growing company in the country.
Thirty-two generic mcu manufacturers, rich in product types, and the latest mcu-based product has been successfully streamed and will be used mainly for the control of the body area. 2021h1 company mcu achieved $797 million in business, an increase of 222.1 per cent over the same period, largely thanks to the company ' s mcu product industry landscape.
Inflated by gas. At present, despite a slight easing of the channel endmcu prices, the prices of the original plant and the rollover are still high, and the global mcu shortage has accelerated the process of import of corporate products into national production substitution and has been wide-ranging in the long term.
Investments suggest that companies will benefit in depth from the rapid development of storage and the control of the size of the chip market in the downstream new electronics industry, and that, facilitated by the combination of a large trend of global production tightening and domestic substitution, the company's nonflash and mcu operations will be priced.
Billion dollars, at 108.9 per cent, 33.6 per cent and 23.3 per cent, respectively; net return profit of 22.4, drivers, key assumptions and major projections: corporate storage will continue to grow rapidly. Companies, as global noorflash champions, will suffer deep.
The company’s process has evolved from 65 nm to 55 nm, and its production capacity has continued to grow, at a very high price in the industry. At the same time, the company has also grown rapidly in the dram, and, while working with the compost to break the international monopoly, the company’s head is looking at the rich.
The company’s flush chip business is expected to grow by 47.8%/22.1%/12.4% a year, earning $5.9 billion in 2023, and the Māori mcu business benefits from national production substitution and has wide scope for development. The company is a leading supplier of 32 generic mcus in the country, with a wealth of product categories, consistent R & D inputs, product performance at a national lead level, and the latest Car Code products have successfully flowed.
The current global supply of semiconductors is tight, the demand for semiconductors is high, increasing the demand for national production replacements, and the company's mcu business market has doubts about the noorflash landscape, which we believe will continue, and the company will enjoy the dividends of higher market share versus higher industry. Noorflash has been missing prices since 2021, although the current prices of the drams have recently been rising.
Given the very limited growth of global noorflash production, we believe that noorflash will continue its high profile. The company’s product is complete, the process is evolving from 65 nm to 55 nm, and the company’s output growth is evident in the second half of the year, as China’s 12 inches of new tin-free capacity is gradually released.
The market has doubts about the future prospects of the company’s dram, and we believe that the company has a unique advantage in the niche dram area. By working with the compost, the company entered the dram track.
Current production, 17mddr3, is under development. Currently, the industry’s in-housedham mainstream process node is 3xnm-20nm, and the public sector product node is 17-19nm, which is more competitive.
The company’s norflash and mcu operations are rising rapidly in short-term terms, long-term looking at the company’s growing demand for storage, control, sensor networking, wearing equipment, 5g construction, and vehicle electronics, among others, to store and control chips. Downstream demand is not as high as expected, and companies’ new products are less advanced than expected.
The company is a domestic storage and mcu conglomerate (i) focused on semiconductor R & D design, forming a storage, control, and sensor-closing loop, and was established in 2005 as the leading semiconductor design company in the country. The company is committed to the development of advanced storage technology.
And the solution, which was successfully marketed at the Shanghai Stock Exchange in August 2016, was to expand the company’s borders and gradually enrich its overall layout, to work together to fatten out the dram replacement, and to acquire the Slim-Introduction Finger-ID chip market. Currently, the company’s operations consist mainly of the storage of chips, microcontrols, and sensors.
The company's main income comes from the storage chip, and noorflash is the most important product. In 2020, storage chip sales accounted for 73.02% of the company's total revenue, with noorflash and nandflash being developed autonomously by the company. The company has a long history of research and development and maintains a technological and market lead, providing a series of products ranging from 512 kb to 2gb, covering noor.
The bulk of the volume type of the flash market, with voltage covering 1.8v, 2.5v, 3.3v and wide voltage products, is abundant; the manufacturing process is at the prevailing technology level within the industry, with process nodes predominantly 65nm, with a full roll-out of 55nm process node products.In Nandflash, the company’s mature process node is 38nm and is steadily advancing the 24nm process, with product capacity overlaying.
Covering 1gb to 8gb, voltage includes 1.8v and 3.3v, and providing both traditional parallel interfaces and new spi interfaces sign a cooperation agreement with the compost gluten to march into the field of dram. The company entered into a preliminary cooperation agreement with the compost gluten in 2017. The framework agreement formally started in 2020 to provide marketing services for the compost glucone, which is expected to reach $300 million in the 2021s.
On the other hand, on 3 June 2021, the company, which is also promoting its own niche dram chip development and industrialization project, announced its own product of 4gbddr4, which will be produced by the compost stubble. At the same time, the company and the compost stubble are jointly developing some of the products.
The mcu business is based mainly on the arm kernel and first pushed the rsc-v architecture in 2019. The company is the largest modu enterprise in the country, with 32bitmcu leading, producing more than 350 product models, 24 product lines and 12 different envelope types, and launching the first 32 global kernels based on the risc-v inner core.
The mcu product, with three product lines of entry-level, mainstream, high-performance for customers, covering 180 nm, 110 nm, 55 nm, 40 nm process, is actively promoting the “mcu department store” programme, providing one-stop service to customers.
In the meantime, the company has recently revealed a new industry line that will be rolled out in late 2021 or next year, including tft and some optical devices, ultrasound series. In addition, 2020 was the last year of Slim's performance commitment, owing to the special circumstances of the first client.
And the impact of the epidemic, the performance in 2020 fell short of expectations, q4 goodwill was downed by 128 million, but Slimu shareholders would not have a significant negative impact on the company as a whole if they failed to meet their performance commitments to compensate the company with $192 million. Sensors are an important part of the iot, and after the acquisition of Slim, companies could provide products that are stored, mcu, and faxed.
The confluence of sensor chips and their corresponding algorithms and solutions has succeeded in forming a closed loop in the field of iot, making better use of customer funds, and has great long-term development potential. In terms of business models, the company belongs to the Fables model.
In the sales model, the company sells mainly both direct sales and distribution, with customers including international front-line manufacturers such as Intel, Samsung, and Power.
(ii) Large shareholders have strong control, equity incentives to bind core cadres, corporate equity is fragmented, and large shareholders have greater control. According to the annual report for 2020, the Chairman of the Board, Mr. Chu Yiming, was actually the controlling person of the company, holding 8.54% of the shares directly, and one with Hong Kong Wins and Wins, Associates (Hong Kong) Ltd.
Many of the company’s major shareholders, such as the National Integrated Circuit Industrial Investment Fund, Inc., Xing Guin, Gweyton, Xianan Investment Co., all of them have signed agreements with the company and Xu Xiao has not voluntarily sought control over the company. Furthermore, Mr. Zhu is experienced in his industry and has worked in the semiconductor industry in the United States.
For many years, and also serving as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Fatty, the company has less direct shareholding, but has more control over the company. According to the 2020 report, the company owns one branch, seven full-time second-tier subsidiaries, 10 full-time three-tier subsidiaries, and two fully-owned four-tier subsidiaries, with a small number and easy to manage.
Figure 3. Innovative stock penetration mapping, equity incentive schemes, with an equity interest of 1.57 million shares and 4.3 million shares, respectively, to incentive recipients. 29 December 2020, Affordable innovation released the Draft Equity and Restricted Stock Incentives Plan 2020, which proposes a grant of 3.40.86 million shares to incentive recipients.
A performance appraisal system has been put in place that allows for a more accurate and comprehensive assessment of staff motivation while fully mobilizing them. Since the company was listed three times, it has issued equity incentive schemes, reflecting the company’s constant upswing, steady growth in the performance of (iii) companies, and sustained growth in R & D investment.
In 2019, the company successfully completed its full-time acquisition against Smitty, entering the sensor field into a closed ring layout in the field of iot, and the variety of products has enabled the company to better meet the needs of the various users. In 2016-2021, o3, the net profit from the company’s collections and repatriations has been growing rapidly, and in 2018, the industry was covered.
The impact of the down-cycle has declined slightly, but it has returned to rapid growth since its integration into sensor operations in 2019. According to the annual report for 2020, despite the double pressure of an outbreak and trade friction, the company achieved a net profit of $4,497 million by 2020 of $881 million, an increase of 40.40 per cent and 45.11 per cent.
Promising growth in the supply of corporate products, with company revenues and net profits increasing by 99.45 per cent and 144.92 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Figure 4.2016 - 2021q3 Renovated income (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 5.2016 - 2021q3 Renovated net profit (in billions, per cent)
Focusing on the design and marketing chain, the company's Māori rate and net interest rate remained at a high level. In 2018 and earlier years, the annual Māori rate increased significantly from 24.25 to 37.61 per cent, and the company's Māori rate and net interest rate jumped significantly during the year; In 2018, both the storage chip and mcu Māori rate decreased slightly, resulting in a slight decline in the company's Māori rate and net interest rate.
In 2019, companies increased their overall Māori rate by adding a higher rate of new Māori sensors. In 2020, public imports of dram products were still in the early stages, and the structure of the sale of sensor products changed as a result of price wars, resulting in a decline in the Māori ratio of the public administration, but net interest rates continued to increase by 0.68 per cent.
The company has a strong profitability. The company’s core profitability indicator, Roe, is higher than the comparable average, and by comparison, is expected to rise to 44% and 26% of the company’s 2021q3 Māori rate and net interest rate, respectively, and is expected to continue to rise in the second half of the year.
The total asset turnover rate is higher than the net interest rate for sales, and the equity multiplier is slightly lower. As a result of the higher Māori rate and net interest rate, the net interest rate on corporate sales remains at a relatively high level this year; the asset turnover rate is also slightly higher than the comparable average. The equity multiplier is consistently lower, mainly due to lower corporate debt and lower asset-liability ratios.
Marketing costs have remained stable, while R & D costs have remained high. The company’s sales costs as a percentage of revenue have been kept at the same time as the overheads were removed from the overheads and shown separately, so its administrative cost rates have fallen significantly in 2018. From the data disclosed, companies have focused on R & D inputs, with R & D costs consistently higher than 10% per year and rising steadily.
On the whole, the company’s four rates of cost perform reasonably well and are consistent with the company’s development trends. The company’s financial position is good, debt is low, and risks are low.
Long-term borrowing, with less financial risk. In the future, companies have greater potential to leverage financial leverage to achieve faster growth. Figure 9.2016-2021h1 Innovative asset-liability ratios (in %)
There are many types of storage, and as technology progresses, prices fall, semiconductor storage is fast to read and write, small size, and low power is highlighted, becoming the dominant product of storage. Depending on the running process, semiconductor storage can be divided into read-only storage (read-onlymory, rom) and random reading and writing storage (randomacessmemory, ram).
Also, depending on whether data can be stored after power is shut down, rom is called a non-lossy memory, and ram is called a lossable memory. The rom memory is now widely used in the market, including noorflash, nadflash, and the ram memory includes dram and sram, of which the highest market value is dram and nadflash.
Figure 10. Categorization of the storage units The storage products of the companies include noorlash, nandflash and dram. As one of the world’s leading noorflash companies, the companies own a wide range of noorflash products that apply to pc boards, digital machine top boxes, routers, home networks.
The company is ranked third and rising in the global market of norflash. In addition to its autonomous research and development, it has been widely used in network communications, voice storage, smart television, industrial controls, top-of-the-board boxes, printers, and off-the-shelf.
In addition, the company, in cooperation with the compost industry, has developed the composted long-dram project and has developed autonomously the Kidram product, which announced on 3 June 2021 a volume product of 4gbddr4, mainly for consumer, industrial control, and car regulations. The company has a very deep and promising outlook for three aspects of storage.
(i) The application landscape continues to expand, and noorflash has emerged as a replacement for the eprom and eeprom storage systems because it is more economical and easier to write. In the age of functional cell phones, because mobile phones are simple and do not need to store a lot of data, write and wipe.
Except for a smaller number of times,norflash became the most common storage chip. In the age of smartphones, mobile phones were significantly enhanced, applications and programs increased the need for storage space, and cellular storage space grew rapidly. At this point, Nandflash became a new fan of mobile phones with its advantage of high-density storage.
As a result of the boom in emerging areas and the emergence of new development opportunities, market space has been reduced in history. Driven by downstream areas such as iot, wearing equipment, amoled, tddi, 5g base station construction and vehicle-mounted electronics,
Noorflash will enter a new period of growth. Cinno predicts that the global market will reach $3.72 billion in 2022, with a combined increase of about 10% in 2020-2022.
Quick, it has become the dominant trend to connect ordinary equipment to the Internet, whether traditional home appliances or new smart devices, to become a downstream application of iot. Ihsmarkit predicts that by 2030, the global volume of iot equipment will reach $311.8 billion in China’s consumer-level iot market. At least one flash in every iot device will be needed.
And because of the simplicity of the system, the low data-processing requirements, the high reliability of the nonflash, quick reading, and the features implemented in the chip make it more suitable to become a storage solution for the iot. The equipment can be worn with a huge netflash market increase, and tws take the lead in killing the perimeter.
Billion, 34.4 per cent over the same period, according to Gartner, the total size of the apparel market for 2021-2022 was $814.99.93.858 million, respectively, and the rapid growth trend continued. tws headphones were introduced by apples and 2016, and the market was gradually expanded, followed by the Andre market.
According to data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the volume of tws headphones in 2016-2018 was 9.18 million per year or 46 million, almost doubling each year. In terms of capacity, Appleairpods currently uses 128mnor flash, with the possibility of 256mnorflash, airpodspro and 256m.
Noorflash; Andre's products use 128 mnorflash in high-end markets like sony beans, bose nc 700, and 64 mnorflash in lower-middle markets like China, walkers, etc. The high-end market is dominated by pelican fruit, and as apples and Andre brands operate further, we think the market will continue to grow.
In 2019, it reached nearly 70 million, and in 2020 it reached 160 million, with cities accounting for 21.7 per cent, 45.1 per cent and 69 per cent, respectively, and Anders End, through its price advantage, has infiltrated the lower-middle-to-low markets and gradually gained a larger market share, and we expect that by 2021 tws will bring a new market size to noorflash, amounting to $263 million.
Figure 14.2019-2021etws market size (in billions of pairs)
But because of the technical problems of the amoled panel, there is often a problem of showing inconsistent currents and brightness, requiring external calculations.
This process is done by hanging an 8-32mnorflash. According to cinnorearch, the volume of amoled smartboards in 2019-2020 was 4.6-43 million, and according to Trendforce, this figure will rise to 536 million in 2021. As the market for amoled screens grows, so will the demand for small capacity noorflash.
In 2021, the market space on the amoled screen was around $54 million. Figure 15.2019-2021eamoled market size (in billions of copies) tddi further boosts the growth of the market.
It was the technology to integrate the touch screen controller into the ddic, first proposed by neotech, and with the spread of the full screen, tddi provided simpler design work that helped to make the new equipment more marketable more quickly; and, because of the integration touch control and display function, the manufacturer could design a thiner, brighter, and narrower screen. Thus, since the 2015 tddi technology was introduced, the output has increased.
Rapidly and rapidly, the volume of shipments rose to more than 400 million in 2018, with a combined growth rate of 760 million by 2021, 23.9 per cent in three years, and the tddi programme required an extra digitized noorflash storage touch tddi market growth that added to the norflash market.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, we built 5 g base stations in 2020, more than 580,000, assuming that the number of global base stations is 1.5 times the number of domestic base stations, and we expect an additional 5g base stations to be 90/19 million globally in 2020/2011. fpga (fieldprogrammablegatearray) and soc (systemonachip) on 5g base station.
There is a wide range of applications. Noorflash is the best option for configuring fpga and soc because of its extensive work temperature, low power consumption and high reliability. Five to six nonorflash of 512 m/1g are needed for each base station. We expect the total size of the nonorflash at the 5g base market in 2020-2021 to be US$ 900 million and US$ 190 million, respectively.
Auto-intelligents add up to the nonorflash. With the progressive development of vehicle-borne functionality, the use of auto-electronic systems has grown, and data storage and processing needs have increased significantly. With an increasing number of interactive systems such as car-borne screens, dashboards, etc., the in-car electronics system has increased, and noorflash has responded with short response times, high value for sex, chip-in execution, etc.
At the same time, the recent outbreak growth of adas (advanced driving systems) has also provided a significant future increase for noorflash. The adas are the basis for autopilot development, with higher demands on the speed and integrity of their mount chips, and noorflash has advantages in terms of other chips.
So, for each adas system, one or more 32 m-1g of the norflash chip is required depending on its functionality. We expect the incremental market size of the adas-led norflash to reach $800 million by 2022.
Successfully taking the lead in entering the smart car market. (ii) Noorflash has a unique advantage, and the industry will remain high, and among the mainstream roms, noorflash and nandflash have their respective advantages and disadvantages.
Nandflash, although it has slower writing and scrubbing speeds, reads faster and has higher value than relatively small storage requirements, the ability to execute in chips, to meet storage and running requirements, and the ability to deliver in the long term, which is not available in Nandflash, so it's connected to things, smart wear devices, tws, etc.
The domain has its own unique advantages. Figure 17. The rapid development of industries such as aiot, 5g and others has led to an explosive increase in the volume of information, a trend that is bound to lead to higher tolerance.
The demand for storage devices with faster reading and writing time has led to the accumulation of new and emerging storage units such as mram (magnetic barrier random access storage), fram (iron access memory), rram (electric blockage random access storage) and pcram (consistent random access storage). However, these new technologies, while with their respective advantages, still require extensive, long-cycle research and development.
And testing to ensure performance and reduce costs. We believe that emerging technologies cannot replace the dominance of existing markets in the short term.
In 2021, the growth rate was high, while the Māori ratio of the two companies also showed a trend toward a rise in the ring ratio. Wang-Hun President Wu Min-Hing said that the increase in the O2 ring benefited from higher prices for products, and predicted a sustained increase in product prices in the coming year.
Figure 18. 2020-2021H1 Wanghang, the rate of growth in the Chinese power camp (millions of new Taiwan dollars) shows the same trend at the channel end, with noorflash showing an increase in the delivery period and prices. According to Fuchang Electronic, the 21-year round-up ratio will be prolonged, and prices will remain high.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
(iii) High industrial concentration, rising corporate-market dominance, gradual withdrawal of European and American producers, and rising corporate shares. Noorflash’s global market concentration is very high, with the top five suppliers globally occupying more than 90% of the market share, mainly in Taiwan, the United States and mainland China, and these companies are monopolistic.
Meanwhile, in the face of the previously shrinking market space, Samsung withdrew from the noorflash market in 2010, with capacity concentrated in the relatively high market size and booming dram and Nand flash markets. Since then, major international storage manufacturers have announced successive reductions in the production of noorflash: in 2016, 8 inches were eliminated by Light.
Production lines; in 2017, cypress sold a crystallized mill in Bloomington that produces noorflash. Light and light retreated from small and medium-sized consumer and pc markets, focusing on industrial controls, automobiles and other markets. Not only left room for development for the remaining leading companies, but reduced capacity also improved the supply and demand of markets.
The industry has been in the first two positions, while the market share of mega-innovation has been rising steadily, and 19q3 has become the world’s third-largest supplier. The company’s norflash product is complete, with the process moving from 65nm to 55nm. The mega-innovation provides a range of products ranging from 512kb to 2gb1, covering most of the capacity of the nonorflash market, with voltage covering 1.8v, 2.5v, 3.3v
b/t/x series of products providing capacity options of 256 mb to 2gb, supporting high-speed 4-channels and high-speed 8-channels compatible with the Jedecxspi and xccela specifications, mainly for industries requiring high-capacity storage, high reliability and hypervelocity data throughput, annual 2gb high-capacity spinarflashgd55lb02ge product, which received several awards from domestic companies.
The NORflash product process is at the level of mainstream technology within the industry and, with the gradual release of the new 12 inch capacity, the whole series of products of the company ' s 55nm process nodes have been produced in quantities and together with the 65nm process nodes have become the company ' s main process nodes, taking into account that the increase in production capacity will be significant at 21h2 in the climb cycle of the 12 inch in China ' s noin production line.
In March 2019, the company announced the completion of aecq100 certification for its entire series of gd25 spinorflash, and the introduction of gd25norflash regulation products to domestic and international car factories, including the Japanese.
Automotive manufacturers in this and the Korean region, with a 2gb large capacity gd55 certified by aec-q100, have also achieved full capacity coverage of 2mb-2gb in car regulation spi nor, and with the rapid development of a vehicle-mounted electronic system, the company is expected to have an important market share in the car regulation noor flash product in the future. In addition, the company is one of the major suppliers of the Apple Airpods series, according to which
Diigitimes, the company became the only nonflash supplier of airpods in 2020; and its market share in Andretws is increasing. In other iot markets, the company supplies at the lower end of the high school market.
(iv) slcnandflash, where companies continue to expand their markets in a wide range of applications and market demand rises. Nandflash is another major market for rom, with a minimum reading and writing unit of page (page) and an internal non-linear macro module model, which is fast to read and write and provides for the use of large-volume memory
Low-cost, efficient solutions. Nandflash’s internal structure is simple, low-cost, small-sized, and the main applications are large-volume storage, such as ssd, flash drive, etc. The global demand for Nandflash products began to rise in 2020, the overall market supply was out of order and prices continued to rise, according to icinsights, the global nad 2020.
The company’s owner, slc2dnandflash, has grown steadily in size. Nandflash is divided into two main categories by capacity: large-volume nadflash, mainly mlc, tlc2dnand, or 3dnand, with several hundred-to-number wipes.
A thousand times, mostly for large-volume data storage: small-volume nadflash, mainly slc2dnand, is more reliable, with more than tens of thousands of rubbings. In the long run, 2dnand has advantages than 3dnand, which are more reliable and more stable, and will be used extensively for applications such as network communications, smart television, wearing devices, and base stations, and cannot be replaced by 3dnand.
While there is a small amount of data stored in storage units in 2dnand, it has the advantage of data retention time, a high number of readings and writings, and speed of reading, mainly in areas where there is high demand for small capacity, longevity, stability, e.g. network communications, voice storage, smart television, industrial control, top box, printer, wearing equipment, etc.
In 2021, the global slcnand market was about $1.18 billion, and will continue its steady growth trend in the future. From 38 nm to 24 nm, the slcnandflash technology is rising. Companies in the Nandflash domain focus on niche markets and develop products such as slcnandflash on their own.
38nm, the company ' s mature process node is 38nm, and the product at the 24nm process node is already in production. The product capacity is currently being produced from 1gb to 8gb to cover the mainstream capacity range, with voltage covering 1.8v and 3.3v, providing both traditional parallel interfaces and new spi interfaces. In 2021, 24nm will be one of the company ' s slcnand ' s main process nodes.
The company’s 4gbspinandflash product – the gd5f4gm5 series, which achieved pure national production and autonomy from design research and development, production manufacturing to sealing all the stages of the test, marked the formal entry of the domestic slcnandflash product into the 24nm advanced process process. These innovative technological products helped to enrich the company’s storage lines and provide a much more optimized client base.
Volume code storage solution. Nandflash and norflash co-development will continue to expand the company’s city in this area (v) to target the dramley track, and the smooth roll-out of the dram (dynamirandaaccessmemory), a dynamic random access memory, is the most important feature of the current market.
, in which the base dram is used mainly for LCD TV, digital machine topbox, player, smarthand, etc.
Consumers such as machines, smart watches, etc., consume about 8% of the total dram market size. According to the annual profit dram global market size, about $5 billion. The dram market is highly concentrated and even monopolistic due to very high technical and financial barriers.
The chip's market pattern is dominated by Samsung, sk Hercules and Light, with three giants at a combined 95% market, and one company at a market rate of over 40%. According to the CLA, the share of the global market of 2021q1 plus sk Hercules is 71%, roughly flat with 2020, with production levels far ahead of the world, far behind Taiwan, Japan, and China.
Urbanization in Ben, America, etc. The Trendforce data show that mobile phones and mobile devices are currently the largest use area for dram, at 39.6%; in the future, as more calculations and storage move to clouds, servers will gradually become the largest application direction for dram, and server applications are expected to increase to 48% in 2025.
The market of oligopolies has led to very low control over dram chips, and the dram technology of the dram storage has become a national dram hope. The dram technology of the dram storage drives the process from 46nm to 20nm, leading to a technological breakthrough. On June 20, 2020, the Yangtze storage state stored in the Yangtze River.
Phase II of the Wuhandong Lake Project began work in the new high-rise area, planning capacity of 200,000 units per month; the target of 80,000 units per month has now been launched and is expected to be completed in phase III in 2021, with capacity expected to reach 120,000 units per month, and 17 nm technology development. The target is built in three phases, with capacity of 120,000 units per month, all of which will reach 360,000 units per month.
The current storage process nodes are still lagging behind for about two generations, but they break the monopoly of foreign firms on our dram market and represent a landmark development in our storage market.
In October 2017, a partnership agreement was signed between M.O.I. and co-manufacture to develop a 12-inch crystal memory (including dram) of the 19nm memory.
In 2019, the company signed an investment agreement with the co-fertilized, co-fertilized and integrated circuits, agreeing to invest $300 million in the project on a fungible basis, and to continue to study and discuss options for follow-up cooperation. In April 2020, the company signed a framework procurement agreement, a proxy service agreement and a framework agreement for routine transactions under the Joint Product Development Platform Cooperation Agreement.
In 2020, the company continued to promote the production of 12-inch crystal-crystal storage units. A series of agreements, such as the Framework Procurement Agreement, promoted close business cooperation between the two sides in the marketing of dram products, surrogates, and joint development projects.
Autonomous R & D and, in accordance with the cooperation agreement, Long Ping gives priority to the replacement of easily innovative dram products to support the design of the product stream. Unlike large clients such as servers, pc, mobile phones, M & D is a base dram, face-to-top boxes, routers, etc., there is no direct competition with the company noorflash, nandflash, etc.
At present, the company has basically established a marketing, operating system for drams, and the number and performance of customers have grown steadily. Self-research dram products have been successfully rolled out, and the company’s products have a process advantage.
With $4,324 million in funds raised for the autonomous R & D and industrialization of the Chengdram chip and the non-public distribution of the liquidity supplement, the Dram technology under the 1xnm (19nm, 17nm) process was developed, and the ddr3, lpddr3, ddr4, lpdddr4 series of dram chips were designed and developed. In 2020, the company was already in the iptv, mobile phone, tv, letter-starter.
The product of 19ndddr4 was announced on 3 June of that year, mainly for consumer-type niche markets such as ipc, tv, and 17nm ddr3 is being developed. The specifications and downstream applications of the platinum dram are rich, have a small variety of features, and the Māori rate is higher than the standard dram.
The process node of the product is 17-19nm, which is more competitive.III. The market gap is huge, and the mcu business is fast-growing. mcu is an acronym for microcontrollerunit, also known as microcontrols, single-discrete microcomputers, commonly known as single-film machines.
When the frequency and specifications of cpu are appropriately reduced, the computers that integrate the Ram, rom, the timer and various i/o interfaces into a single chip.
(i) The continued rise in market demand and the sharp rise in mcu prices The rapid growth of emerging technologies has contributed to the rapid expansion of mcu. The impact of industrial upgrading factors such as the increase in the number of network nodes brought about by the rapid growth of the network, the increase in the penetration of automobiles and electronics and the strong demand for automation equipment by industry of 4.0;
The downstream application of mcu has been expanding continuously, with a large number of applications in the automotive electronics, ai, iot, consumer electronics, communications, etc., leading to steady growth in the volume of global mcu exports and market size in recent years. According to the projections of cicinsights, the global mcu market reached $15.7 billion in 2021, $18.8 billion in 2024 and 6.19 per cent in 3 years.
China’s mcu market is growing rapidly. According to ihs, China’s mcu market has grown at an average annual compound growth rate of billions yuan over the past five years.
Since the first half of 2020, as a result of events such as the epidemic, natural disasters and so on, mcu has been in a state of global demand and demand, prices of former plants have been rising, and distributors have been raising mcu prices. In January 2021, large overseas factories, st, nxp, microchip, have issued Mcu price increases, followed by China, and China's top-up.
The price of Taiwan’s mcu producers continued to rise for 21 years, and new Tangs, Xianghan, and others said that they would coordinate with their customers. Most of the mcu goods in 2021q1 and q2 showed an extended trend, and prices continued to rise. Although the price of the mcu at the end of the channel is somewhat loose, prices, turn-overs, and extensions of the original plant continued to rise further.
Prices and product restructuring are expected to rise by 30-40% in 2021, and (ii) the company is the largest generic mcu enterprise in the country, 32 of which are widely used overseas, with a high concentration of industries. In the mcu sector, the main global suppliers remain in terms of competitive patterns in the industry.
In 2019, according to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the world’s top five mcu producers were Risa Electronics, Nxp, Teeco Electronics, British Flyers, and Micro-Crystain Technology, accounting for 83% of the total. Global markets are based on gas, unlike global markets, and the consumption of electronics is dominated by demand downstream in our mcu market. Much of the domestic mcu is in the sea.
The outer giants occupied, according to csia, in 2019 Rissa’s share of e-mcu sales was 17.10%, Feiscal ranked second at 14.50% of market shares, the semiconductor rose faster at 8.5% of market shares, and a large share of the market was permanently held by foreign manufacturers and engaged in high-end areas such as automobiles. Most domestic producers were concentrated in the middle.
At the lower end of the spectrum, eight mcu account for the main share. Figure 29.2019 China’s market share of mcu was in short supply, and domestic production replaced the opportunity.
Domestic end-users have started to seek national production replacements. Mcu can be divided into generic and exclusive types by use, with 1, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64 places by digits. 32 mcu dominates data operations and video processing in large quantities; and the eight mcu products that entered the market earlier in control applications have many competitive advantages as technology evolves and processes develop.
The 32-bit difference between the 32-digit gap and the 8-digit gap, coupled with the demand-side increase in performance and processing capacity requirements, has been most widely applied. The company leads 32-bit mcu, the car code mcu is already active, and is expected to be produced next year.
The mcu track, which is currently an innovative mcu product, is a 32-bit generic mcu product based on the armcorptex-m series, the world ' s first 32-digit generic mcu product based on the risc-v inner core, launched in August 2019.gd32, a mainstream product in China 's 32-digit generic mcu, has 28 series of over360 products.
Once launched, it became popular, growing from millions in 2013 to 444 million yuan in 2019. According to the ihsmarkit report, companies ranked third in the domestic market of Armcorpex-m in 2018, with a market share of 9.4%, and were among the leading domestic producers.
With, the latest mcu regulation product, which has been successfully streamed, is mainly used for the control of the body of the vehicle and is expected to be achieved by 2022 (iii) by seizing the global precursor of rsc-v. The company ' s mcu business space is huge.
(isa). Although there are currently no well-developed ecosystems, the risc-v is simpler open and more autonomous than the arm structure. Unlike the closed command setarm, the risc-v is a fully open-source structure, the basic instructions are simple and modularized to allow users to configure different command sets according to their needs and to apply a wide range of product networking markets.
The field has the advantage of being more flexible, and the free authorization character of risc-v avoids patenting and architecture authorization problems that exist in the arm. At present, risc-v is used mainly in wearing devices, and we believe that in emerging areas such as iot, risc-v has a unique advantage that erm does not have, and will occupy a significant market share in the future.
In the global context of technology competition and blockade, the company’s 2019 forward-looking, free-sourced risc-vmcu, and in August 2019, joined cores to launch the world’s first global Gd32v series of 32 generic mc products based on risc-v inner cores.
High performance is combined with low power consumption and provides a variety of externalities. The development of gd32v continues in 2020, supporting and strengthening the ecological development of risc-v by providing a complete chain of tools ranging from chips to program code libraries, development packages, design schemes, etc.
Corporate processes are mature and market-based. The mainstream mcu process nodes are currently concentrated in 180 nm~40 nm, with company products covering 180 nm, 110 nm, 55 nm, 40 nm processes, and new products developed in 2020 are at 40 nm platforms. Companies have been technologically innovative and market advanced in the generic mcu area, and rsc-v matches the arm products.
Together, there is a long-term view of the parallel deployment of ultra-low-power markets, of motormcu markets such as traditional body control, new applications of new energy vehicles, high-performance industry control, multimedia control, etc., and the introduction of packages of pmic and mosfet products around the mcu, moving away from human-restricted passivity and taking the lead in winning the share of future markets.
iv. Acquisition of Slim, and co-development of the memory of storage control (i) fingerprint recognition market is growing rapidly, and as the full screen is popular, the mainstream mobile phone is now basically using the screen fingerprint recognition technique.
Optical fingerprint recognition relies on a light reflection to read the fingerprints. The basic rationale for optical fingerprint recognition is to use the interval between the oled screens and the screen pixels to light up the user's fingerprints, and the reflective rays return to the screen sensors and finally form.
The advantage of optical fingerprint recognition is that it is resistant to environmental interference, but it does not perform well when there's impurity or moisture on the finger. Ultrasound fingerprint recognition is the use of sensors to fire ultrasound into the finger, then to analyze the echo, using the skin of the finger.
The advantage of ultrasonic fingerprint recognition is that it is more permeable, resistant to stains, supports live body detection, and the 3d model is more secure. The disadvantage is that it is slow to calculate. The main supplier of ultrasonic fingerprint identification is qualcomm.
Fingerprints have become a trend towards cellular biometrics, the growing popularity of the oled screens and consumer preferences for full-screen cellular types have led to rapid developments in fingerprinting techniques. According to ccid data, the global fingerprint recognition chip market was about $4.17 billion in 2019, and the Chinese market was $1.51 billion, and is expected to reach $4,720 billion globally by 2020, and China is expected to do so.
The main suppliers of fingerprint recognition technology on screen include cap technology, Slim, S.H.I.E.L.T., qualcomm, and neos. Optical fingerprint recognition technology is the dominant feature of the current smartphone fingerprinting technology, and data from a study by the leopard show that the OED optical recognition program, which peaked in 2019, delivered 110 million films, representing a 79% share of the optical market and 57% of the overall market.
Si Wei, S.H.I.E.L., accounted for 12.2% and 5.2% of the market, respectively, while ultrasound fingerprints were easily identified, and qualcomm owned the market, supplying only three stars. In 2019, qualcomm delivered about 50 million pieces, or 25% of the global market. (ii) The acquisition of Siu, creating a sensor + control + storage complete layout.
With the advent of the iot era, sensors will be one of the fastest growing areas in the next few years as infrastructure pre-empts, pervading industries. The omens of innovation acquired 1.7 billion dollars in 2019, making up for R & D capabilities in sensors, signal handling, algorithms, human interactions, and increasing the company’s ability to product in related areas.
Technology upgrades to the company’s existing chip products will further boost market access. At the same time, micro-innovation builds on Slim’s extensive customer resources in the area of mobile phones and panels, increases the penetration of company products, and provides full access to the iot.
The control chip, which is widely used for smart mobile Internet terminals, has high barriers in both technical capabilities and markets. The touch chip was the company ' s main business product until 2016, with 80% sales as a percentage. Since 2016, companies have continued to expand their fingerprints to identify their customers and stabilize their shipments, and by 2018 they will account for 80% of the company ' s total revenues.
From 170 million in 2016 to 700 million in 2018, optical fingerprint recognition, layout ultrasound fingerprint recognition. Slim's fingerprints are mainly screend optical fingerprint recognition, widely applied to large medium- and high-end mobile phones, and tend to evolve from medium- and low-end mobile phones.
And the new ultrasound fingerprint recognition, although more good for durability and precision, is still in a situation of high prices and low accuracy. According to company announcements, research on ultrasound is progressing well, and the layout of the ultrasound line will be seen by the end of 2021 or next year, and this is also the sensor.
The end of the cell phone, the non-cell phone app, the object network, and the iot application are a very large group of products. Figure 34. Slim's main product structure.
In this way, the company has achieved a complete system solution for storage + control + sensor in the area of networking, completed a systematic strategic layout, further developed integrated solutions for storage, control, sensorization, interconnection, margin computing, etc., that can meet the diverse needs of clients.
V. Profit forecasts and investment proposals, as noorflash survives the slump of demand, re-emerges in the nonflash industry, driven by the boom in downstream industries such as network, wearable equipment, amoled, tddi, 5g base stations, and automobiles and electronics.
The global market is expected to reach $3.72 billion in 2022. It is easy to innovate to grasp the opportunities of noorlash, gradually raising the city’s position as an international leader against the backdrop of the withdrawal of major international plants in a period of low market uncertainty, while developing slc nandflash to continuously expand the company’s market share. We predict that the company’s flosh chip operation will be harvested in 2021-2023.
The company’s entry into the dram track in 2017 broke the long-standing foreign monopoly of the dram industry through a full-scale combination of proxies, marketing, and collaborative research and development in the same age group. And the company’s autonomous research and development of the dram chip in 2020 further enhanced the company’s potential and long-term competitiveness in the area of likidram.
With the impact of friction and the epidemic, the demand to replace the dram state will grow, and the company’s dram business will grow. We predict that in 2021-2023, the company’s dram business will generate $20.0/310.0/430 billion, a year-on-year increase.
Use. In the context of the rapid discovery of emerging technologies, the global market for mcu has grown rapidly, and while firms have captured and expanded mainstream applications, they have been able to create a forward-looking architecture for the emergence of a global rise, and future companies will continue to acquire microscopic business in 2019, compensating for their own telepathy and complete "storage + control + transmission"
Systemic strategic layout. Prepare for full-scale military access to the market. We predict that 2021-2023 will be 2021, 2021, with a strong corporate sense of innovation, mainly in storage and mcu. Given that the main competitor in this field is a domestic firm, leading firms in different chip fields are selected for valuation as comparable companies that are easily innovative.
Assumption: comparable shares of Weir in the field of reference chips, technology, Swe, Gyeongzheng Beijing, average market 2021-2023, M.O.I. is a domestic storage and mcu tap, which has formed a closed-ring operating layout company dedicated to the storage and control of chips, the main products of which are noorflash, nandflash, dram-based storage and mcu chips, fingerprint identification cores.
In 2019, the company acquired Slim, and the company entered the Sensitization Race. So the department developed a systematic strategic layout of "storage + control + sensor." The company's deep-farming research and development, benefiting from global production constraints and a wave of national production, will open up further opportunities for corporate profit growth, and we continue to look at networking, wearing equipment, building 5g, gas, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
There is no, present, or future direct or indirect relevance to the specific recommendations or perspectives of this report. Long-term macro-management, top-down mining of different links in the chain, investment opportunities in different industries; deeper understanding of the industry’s climate and changes in the chain; better management of marginal changes and cyclical turning points; and a unique view of potential investment targets.
The Chinese Academy of Sciences joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018, mainly in electronics and science and technology. It worked for the Space Science and Technology Group.