3q24 registered an increase of 6 per cent in the same year; waiting for the recovery of demand in the industry, the company ' s performance in the first three quarters was under pressure, but the third quarter registered an increase in the same year, and our overall assessment is as follows: 3q24 registered an increase of 6 per cent in the same year; profit margins fluctuated. 1) the collection end: the company achieved 3q24
\triangleright achieves a year-on-year increase. 2) Profitend: 3q24 of the company realizes a net return profit of 845 million yuan, yoy-10.1 per cent; Deduction of non-net profit of 813 million yuan, yoy-12.0 per cent. 1q24-3q24, net profit of the company for three consecutive quarters.
YOON has a stable cost rate; the net cash flow of business activity has increased the same year.
(a) Increased cost of 0.5 ppt to 16.1 per cent in relation to the same year) reduced cost of sales by 0.2 ppt to 2.1 per cent in relation to the same year;
R & D costs have been reduced by 5.7 to 1,244 million yuan over the same period. The cost rate has been generally stable over the period of the company, with a cost-control capability of 1 to 3q24 and a net cash flow from operating activities of 725 million yuan, an increase of 76.0 per cent over the same period.
\triangleright 1. Midship Photovoltaics (002179.sz) 2024 semi-annual report
On the same day, there was a vertical and horizontal extension, mainly around the direction of the development of the Luoyang City PV industry chain, to explore investment opportunities.
The company aims to provide project excavations, evaluation: 1q24 net profit ring growth of 69%; high quality.
Support, such as industrial research, has not actually been funded, nor has it been involved in the operation of the Los Angeles Consortium. Governance enabling development - 2024/04/27 Investment proposal: a firm firm commitment to the “global first-class” interconnection program as a national special connector.
Three years of profit growth of 23%; strategic and emerging industries building up the “first responder.” In the future, the expansion of strategic and emerging industries will be scaled up, driving the industry to a low level, creating the “second growth rating: 27% profit growth: 1-3q23; building high-end interconnections.
A forward-looking and competitive approach to the layout of the new war industry, maintaining a “recommended” rating. 1h23 profit growth of 29 per cent; methodology and analytical logic for operating the South China Base to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.