♪ Forecastchange asia china ♪
I'm sorry, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I can't believe it.
18% yoysalesgrovethtorm19.0bnand34%netprofitgrothto
Rmb1.6bnin3q17.netprofitis 4.4% higherthandbforcast.yearsbeat ismainlydrivenbybetter-than-expectedmarketsharegains.thetroginnings anneling
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm gonna be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
31 per cent/15 per cent 5.7 per cent to 34 per cent/16 per cent 6 per cent of the total number of copies of the draft articles. Selflingexpense/salesrateratedeclined 100bpsoyto 21.9 per cent.
I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been working with a lot of people, and I've been thinking about it, and I've been thinking about it, and I've been thinking about it.
Incurredinstrumentalg & aforsomeone-offevent(i.e. internationalproperty equity). sg & aexpensesavingswaspartlyoffsetby102bpsyoydeclineross
I'm working inventoryturnoverindicatorhat4qgrothtomenstromong Hangsengindex (rebased)
Inventorydaysimprovedfrom31.9daysin3q16to30daysin3q17.geventhe productiondateisanimportoractionfactorwenconsumerschoosebrands inretailends, theshorteninventortydayindicateimpreshreshlofofthe
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do it.
Webelieveyili'sgrovethrecoverytrom2qismainlydrivenbymorebalanced sublybrom2017. aterthreyyearsecurityreductionsforupstreamairyfarems from 2014, rawmilksumlyisbecombatingmoreballancewithdemandfrom2017.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Wearerevisingupsourcesforeastby2-4%in2017-19e, mainlytofactor inhigher-than-expectedsalesdrivenbyyili'smarketsharegains.wereviseup ourtpby 13% tomb31.6basedonadcraft, factoringina 9.5%wacc
(3.9% rfr, 5.6% erp, 1.0%beta, debt-freestructure) and 2% terminalgroveth.we reiterateeyaliasourtoppickamongourasharecoverage.downsiderisks: higher-than-expectedrawraticallypriceincrease, foodfetyincidentsandworth-than-than-)
It's not like we're going to be able to do this, but we're going to have to do it.
It's not like we're going to have to go to the movies, but we're going to have to do something about it.
At least 100 sobsidiaresandhasmorethan 1,000skus.in 2014, yili's stotalrevenuevasrm54.4bn, andnetprofitswere rmb4.2bn. boththetotalrevenueandnetprofitsrankedno.1in
I'm sorry, the dairindindryinchina, yiliwaslistontheshanghaistock exchangein 1996.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, okay?
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got it, but I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, or what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
08/30/2017 buy, targetpricechangecny24, 80 markyuan buy, targetpricechangecny20, 40 markyuan
I'm sorry, Targetpricechangecny28, 00 markyuan equityrateringkey equityratatingdispersionandbankingreplicationships.
Q: Basedonacurrent12-monthviewoftalshare-holdr return (tsr=percentagechangeinshareprircurent pricetoprojectedtargatepricepluspro-jecteddivividendied)
If you're going to have to do it, you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschebanconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofasesuritythisdiscussedinthisithreport, orisincludortissedinother company (oralorwritten) fromadeutschebankanalyst, deutschebankmay activesprincipalforitsownacountorasengfororanootherson.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
In this case, I'm not sure what I'm going to do, but I'm not going to do it.
I don't know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, there's a lot more to it than there is to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it, there's a lot to it.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this for you, but I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure you're gonna be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to do that, and I'm not going to do that.
The deutschebankresearchpartmentionistofthebusinessareasdivisionsofthebank.detailsregarding ourorganizationalarrangementsandinformation
I'd like to thank you for your help, macroeconomic development softenasormostophostosociated with exposurestoinstrumentsthatpromise topayfixedorvariableinterestrates.foraninvestor whohoislongfixedratestratures (thatreceiving thesecashlows), incorporatedinterestratesnaturallyft thediscountfundfundorsapplied to theextecuted cashflowsandtuscausealos.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(including changesinstalenttypesovenvestors), changesintaxpolicies, currenceconvertivity (whochmayconstraincurencyconversion, repatriationofprofetsand/ortheliquidationofpositions)
Tomacroeconomicshocksmaybemitigationby indexing thecontracted cashflowation, to specied interestrates–thesearecommoniumglingmarkets.itismportanttonotehattheindexingsmayy by consultation - lagormis-measuretheactualmoveintheunderingvariablestheyareintendtedttrack.thechoiceofthe
I.e., couponsindexed to atypicallyshort-dated interestraterferenceindex)reexchedforfixedcoupons.itissoimportanttoacknolleddge thatfindinacurrencertiffersfromthecurrenceinwhochcouponsarenamedalisfrisk.naturally,
It's not like I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it.
Including theirtaxposition, theirregulatoryenvironmentandthetureofthetropotherassetsandliabilities, andassuch, investors shouldtakeexperteglegalandfinciandracidvicevesforesteringintoanytransactionssimilartoorororinpiledby the contentsofthispublication.thesislosinfuturestradatingoptions,forignordommestic,canbesubstantial.asa
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it.
Nomerousmarketfactors, includingworldandnationalconomic, politicalandregulatoryevents, eventsquityand debtmarketsandchangesininterestrates; and (ii)currencesmaybesubjecttovalactionorizationimposed exchangeconstrolswhochcoulldaffect the Valueoftheturrence.investsinsecuriuschasads, WHOvaluesareresa
Affectioned by thecurrenceofanunderingsecurity, emergencyassemmecurrencerisk. unlessoverlaw providesotherwise, alltransactions shouldbeexecuted through thedeutschebankencyintheinvestor's'somejurisdiction.
I don't know, gm.db.com/equitiesunder the "discussionslookup" and "legal" tabs. investorsareslonglyensourcedviewviewthis information information. deutschebankag, itsbranchesandafiliatedcompanies)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Whoarecapableofevaluentinvestmentmentrissindipendently, bothingenalandwithregardtoparticulartranctions and investmentstments, andhounderstadthatdeutschebankhasfincianinterestsintheofferofofionofofictproducts and services.ifthisnothecase, orifyouareaniraorororotherretalinvestivedirectdirectifromus, weask
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
India: preparedbydeutschequiesindiapvtldd, whichisregistered by the securities andexchagboardofodia (sebi) asstockbroker.researchanalystsebirebiregistration nümberishin0001741.deiplhamayaverevevevedadmedministrative warningsfromthesebiborbreasofindianregulations.
(dsi) .registral-registersafinancial instrumentsdealerbytheheadofthekantocalfinancebureau (kinsho) No. 117.memberofassociations: jsda, type iifinacianlinstrumentsfirmsassociationandthefinancialfuturesassassociationofjapan.commmissionsandrissksinvolved
I don't know what you're talking about.
Foreignexhangeflactations. Wemaysochargecommissionsandfeesforcentataincategoriesofinvendmentadvices, productsandservices.recommendations, productsandservicescarrytheiskoflosestoprincipal and otherlossesasolsultochangesinmarketketand/oreconomictrends, and/orflactationsinmarketvalue.before
"Mody's", "standard&poor's", and "fitch"mentedIporteroreot registereddirectionagencesjapanlessjapanesjapanor" nippon"iscipatedstatestatenameoftheity.
I don't know, reportsonjapaneselisted companynotwrittenanalystsofsiarewrittenbydeutschebankgroup'sanalysts here with the coveragecompaniespefiedbydsi.somoftheforignsecuritiesstatedthistrarenorotdiscordered to the financialinstrumentsandhangelawofjafjapan.targetpricetbydeutschebank'sequityanalysarebed
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Numberinsouthafrica: 1998/003298/10). Singapore: bydeutschebankag, singaporebrandeurdeutschecuritiesassiaalimited, singaporebranch (oneraffles quay#18-00southowersingapore048583, +65642380001), whichmaybecontactedinspectofanymattersarising
From, orinconnectionwith, thisreport.whoethissuiedorpromulgaedinsingaporetoapersonwhoisnotan accreditevendor, expertinvestorinstitutioninvestor (asdefininedintheapplicablesingaporelawsandregradations), theycceptlegalresponsiabilitytosuchpersonsforentscontents.
I'd like to thank you for your help, my friend, for your help, for your help, and for your help, for your help, for your help, and for your help.
I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Qatar: deutschebankingtheqatarfintilcióncentre (registeredno.00032) isregulatedbytheqatarfinalcentre regulatoriathority.deutschebankag-qfbranchmayonlyundertakethefinncialservicesactivitiesthatfallfallwithin the scopeofofofralicense.principalplacementofbusinessofof:qatarinancialcentre, tower, west
I'm sorry, level5, pobox 14928, doha, qatar.thisformation hasbeendistributed bydeutschebankag.related financial productsorservicesreonlyabletobusinesscustomstomsoms, asdefinedbytheqatarnationalcentregradority.
Russia: thisinformation, internationalandopinionssubmittedhereinarenotinthecontentof, anddonotconstitute, anyappraisalevarealactionrequiringalidenseotherussifidesfederation. kingdomofsaudiarabia: deutschecuriceaudialarallccompany, (registerno.07073-37)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Australia: retailclientsshouuldobtaoproducestatestatement(pds)relatingtoanyfinalproduce referredtointhisreportandconsidertheptsforenanydecisionofheshertoacquiretheproduce.pleaseresearch-information.html
Australiaandnewzealand: this isresearchchisintendonlyfor "wholesaleclients" in the meaningoftheaustralian coorporationsactivandnewzealandfinanciardvisorsactively.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, my friend, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Headofamericasresearch research globalheadofeconomics
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
♪ daveclark pamfinelli globalheadof ♪
Headofema headofapac globalheaf
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Globalheadofquantitative headofresearch-germany and qisresearch
Internationalations deutschebankag deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
filialaihongkong 2-11-1 nagatacho 60329 frankfurtammamain
It's an important part of the world's history, and it's an important part of the world's history.
1 austinroadwest, kowloon, germany longkong
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do.
1 Greatwinchesterstreet londonec2n2eq uniteddom