Consumption escalation, high costs, improved patterns, 18 years of high profits, full consumption escalation, low-line urban and rural incomes into the consumption upswing, three or four-line cities, competition patterns continue to improve, and from a data point of view, we recognize that the cost environment of moderate rises is for Eli.
In the 14 July Eli depth report, we have judged that Eli's second half of the year was more resilient in terms of profit elasticity, and that the main reasons for the over-expected urban and rural demand were: (1) income of low-line urban and rural residents entering the point of cost escalation; (2) the positive effect of the second-line city demonstration since media information channels had matured.
Three or four lines of lifestyle and philosophy are in line. (3) The downfall of the Ely channel matches three or four lines of urban and rural residence, with potential for 18 years of domestic milk prices, and a moderate increase in the combined costs of the industry is expected to continue. The international original milk is now in a steady and moderate phase of decline.
We recognize from a data point of view that the cost environment of a moderate rise is favourable to Eli. According to the estimates,17
In the first half of the year, the combined cost of the industry increased by 8.7 per cent, and we found that a moderate increase in the combined cost of the industry would raise the net interest rate of the Ili but, in the event that the cost increased too fast or fell, the net interest rate of the cut would fall slightly; and in the event of a moderate increase in the combined cost of the industry, the original milk price would be moderate.
The current pattern of competition has improved simultaneously at the three levels of "small-scale milk companies plus large-scale prototype-milk enterprises plus long-dry-milk companies." We have been following the improvement of the pattern of competition since July 14, when the first IRI in-depth report began.
This report summarizes the logic of competing patterns such as collating cost pressures to induce small mammoth milk companies to exit, falling lead costs under a double oligopoly model of liquid milk, reduced use rates, and the retrenchment of large prototyping enterprises to low milk prices.
It is estimated that revenue will increase by more than 15% in three quarters, cost spending will slow, and profit elasticity will be higher in three quarters. Use investment to noticeably slow down, promotions will fall in mid-autumn, higher income growth and lower cost spending will be slower, and double factors will be added, and we estimate that profit elasticity will be higher in three quarters.
Low-line urban and rural milk demand is not as high as expected, competition patterns are not improving as expected, and food security is a standard measure.
2017.9.1 Ely's Insight Report: Swords at the Hundred Hundred Five Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hundred Hunded Twenty-Five (Seven-Seven-Seven-Fifteen-Fifts)
The stock of Yu Qing Qing is the king and low-line urban and rural income is in the middle of a consumption upswing.
Eli has fully enjoyed an upswing in consumption, three or four lines of urban and rural demand are over-expected, and low-line urban and rural residents are entering an upscaling period. The structure of the Ili product continues to upgrade, and we estimate that at present, the whole liquid milk high-end products of the Ili account for 55% of the liquid milk income and will continue to rise rapidly.
According to the National Statistics Office, in 2003-2004, domestic dairy production increased by 30% per year, and urban demand increased at a time when urban residents were at their disposal.
Income is $8,427, which takes account of inflation (in cpi) and is equivalent to $12,120 over 16 years. According to the National Statistical Office, 16 years of disposable annual income for rural residents is $12,363, and access to consumption has escalated (ii) from media sources has matured, second-line cities have demonstrated significant effects, and three-line urban and rural lifestyles have become more visible.
In line with the philosophy of health, low-line urban and rural consumption is driven by two major consumption upscaling pathways, one based on the upgrading of the products to higher end, the other on the conversion of milk drinks to white milk, and the other on the low-line urban high-end product base, which makes the demand strong and sustainable.
(3) The downfall of the channel matches the rising demand for consumption by urban and rural residents on three or four fronts. According to the feedback from the channel, the input of the low-line region to meet the high demand of the low-line urban and rural areas continues to yield incremental gains.
International raw milk supply contracted less than expected, and the trend in the price of large powder prices could end at the end of 17 and have a steady mid-18-year potential. From an industry-wide cost perspective, labour and logistics costs have continued to rise over 18 years, and outsourcing boxes have been subject to environmental policy tightening and are likely to continue at a higher rate, although the price of large powders has continued to rise.
The price of raw milk may have declined steadily, but the price of raw milk in the country has the potential to rise upwards, so we judge 18 years of industry combined with a review of the price changes of original milk in January-September 2017: in January-September 2017, the price of raw milk in the country was equal, the price of gdt whole-fat powder was 41.0 per cent higher and the price of non-fat powder was 14.9 per cent higher.
The price of gdt milk powder auction was announced on October 4, with a 2.7 per cent drop in the price of whole-fat powder and a 3.4 per cent drop in the price of non-fat powder and an 3.4 per cent drop in the price of international original milk: supply contracted less than expected and the upward trend could end by the end of the year.
18 years of moderate and moderate decline. Since June 2016, when we touched the profit-and-loss balance point in the feed price world, prices have been on the upward trend, driven by a contraction in supply, but at present, supply has contracted less than expected, and the latest round of the gdt milk auction has also seen a sharp drop in prices, according to the three-year round of international original milk prices.
The general pattern of the period is that, if there is no further significant contraction in the supply situation, international prices of original milk will move into the second half of the price cycle, with a moderate and moderate decline likely to occur in 2018. The trend in domestic prices of raw milk suggests that a continuous improvement in demand for milk may accelerate the rebalancing of demand and demand, and that it will stabilize in 18 years.
(1) The high-to-shore discount price will be closer to the domestic price of raw milk by April 18 to stimulate domestic demand for fresh milk. It is expected that the increase in the international price of gdt will continue until the end of 17 years, and that the high-to-shore discount price will go further than the domestic price of raw milk.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and customs data, the average price of domestic milk produced in January-July 2017 was $3.49 per kilogram, and the average price of tax discounts for bulk powder to shore was $3.05 per kilogram. (2) Even if the price of large powder to shore is at a low stage after April 1818, milk demand is expected to improve.
This may accelerate the rebalancing of domestic milk supply and demand, giving impetus to the upswing in domestic milk prices.
Figure 4. Comparison of gdt prices with CIF prices
And the industry’s combined costs have risen mildly, driving Eli’s performance faster, and we recognize from a data point of view that the industry’s combined costs have increased its profitability, and that the industry’s combined costs have increased mildly, if the domestic prices of original milk have increased mildly, and Eli’s performance has been better.
The combined costs of the industry include domestic fresh milk, imported large-packed powder, tiles, platinum, sugar, manual labour, combined costs of the industry in the first half of the year in relation to the increase in the relative speed of the industry, the same rate of increase in domestic milk prices and the change in the non-net interest rate of Eli, and we find that the moderate increase in the combined cost of the industry raises the non-net interest rate of the industry.
The main reasons behind this, in our view, are:
The industry’s combined cost pressures drive small-scale breast-milk diversification, the withdrawal of mammoth-milk companies, the improvement of competition patterns, and the decline in Elimou’s interest rates is less than cost-effective and profitable.
Pressure had to shrink until it exited the market, improved competition patterns, the ability of tap milk companies to transmit cost pressures through product innovation and structural upgrading, a limited decline in the Māori rate, and improved competition patterns would lead to a sharper reduction in cost rates, thus increasing the profitability of tap milk, such as Eli.
The moderate and rising domestic prices of raw milk mean that the industry is better off, and the increase in the profitability of the home milk industry tends to be tied to the source of the milk, which is part of the purchase even if the original milk is surplus, so that the price of the domestic original milk does not fully reflect the supply-demand relationship, and in the case of excess milk, the original milk.
Prices may not necessarily fall, or may even rise slightly, but the supply-demand relationship will be fully reflected when downstream products are priced. In the case of excess milk, downstream product sales require high intensity and passive marketing, which negatively affects the pattern of competition in the industry.
(2) The moderate and upturn in domestic milk prices usually means that Elli does not have to buy excess milk at prices that do not correspond to supply and demand, and sells downstream products, provided that the demand is good, the supply is moderate, the industry is good, the costs of the industry are moderate, and the domestic prices of original milk are moderate.
There are no passive sales promotions, and Eli's non-net interest rates have risen even more because of the industry's high profile. (3) It is noteworthy that since 2015, large, modern-day proto-milk dairy companies, represented by the Holy Shepherd, have grown in size in the downstream dairy industry, and this logic may change in the future, despite the rise in original milk prices.
It says that the industry has a better view, but it can also lead to the release of enough ammunition for the prototype dairy company, a competitive industry share of Eli's shares of Ily's shares.
Small-scale milk companies plus large-scale proto-milk companies are now competing for three-tier improvements at the same time, and we've been focusing on improving and collating competition patterns in the industry since July 14th, Erie's first in-depth report.
This report summarizes the current pattern of competition in “Small Milk + Large Dairy Prostrate” (Small Milk + Large Prostrate)
At the same time, the three levels of industry + the tap milk company are improving, with reduced costs, the tap milk company gaining a market share, and (1) cost pressures are driving small-scale milk diversification, accelerated withdrawal of the mammoth milk company, and improved competition patterns. The cost environment for the moderate rise will accelerate industrial excellence, the division of small-scale milk, and some small brand milk companies.
The Toto regional advantages and niches, but the majority of small mammoths, do not exit due to cost pressures, while the locomotive milk companies, such as Eli and Monx, can rely on powerful brands and channels to transfer the costs of product creation and structural upgrading, to capture the share of the market freed up by small mammoths, and to reduce it.
In July of 17 years, according to the National Statistics Office, the number of dairy companies of more than size declined rapidly from 627 at the end of 16 to 609, while it remained at more than 630 in 11-15 years. (2) The domestic price of milk continues to be low, with large prototypes experiencing high sales in 15-16 years, and 17 years after it.
It is difficult to maintain, shrink the front line, and the scale of dairy sales has fallen. Large-scale proto-milk enterprises like the Chinese Holy Shepherd, and the modern herds industry, when the price of the original milk was high in 13 years, invested in a large-scale downstream dairy market at a cost, followed by 15-16 years of low milk prices, but because of the established strategy of downstream movement, 15-16 years of large plains.
Breast-milk companies continue to promote high-intensity sales, with a 16.2 per cent sales rate in modern livestock for 16 years, and a 15-16 sales rate of over 8 per cent in China. After three years of low original milk prices, 17 years of large-scale breast-milk companies have themselves experienced problems or made strategic adjustments, and lack of ammunition continues to be expensive.
In the first half of the year, there was a sharp decline in the volume of modern livestock and the sale of Chinese dairy products, which fell by 38 per cent in the first half of the year, and 34 per cent in the first half of the year.
If the price of domestic milk rises in 18 years, large prototypes will gradually recover their ammunition, but we believe that large prototypes have more problems with pre-accumulation, that the strategy of contraction is set and that even if domestic milk prices rise, it will be difficult in the short term to quickly restore influence in the downstream dairy market without worrying too much about the 18-year pattern of competition.
In the context of the monopoly of the two oligarchs, Ely and Montagnards, both of them have a profit test, and there is always a subjective will to reduce the cost.
Based on sales rates and grass-roots research in the first half of 17 years, Eli has taken the lead in taking the initiative to reduce the cost of sales by investing and, to some extent, leading to a reduction in the cost of sales across the industry. According to the National Statistical Office, in January-July 2017, the same rate of sales to milk companies of more than size was 0.4 pct.
The shares of Eli are mainly derived from new tastes and product expansion, and the average white milk has grown slightly, and since May 17 years, Eli’s spending has slowed significantly, and the promotions in mid-autumn have declined by the same amount.
The factors add up, and we judge Eli’s three-quarter profit elasticity to be high. According to our calculations, it is estimated that three-quarter operating costs will continue to rise mildly, product structure upgrades will drive the driving pressure, the Māori rate will decline slightly, the industry’s combined costs will rise, the original milk prices will be low, and the current competition will be competitive.
The Department's “Small Milk + Large Prototype + Dragon Dairy” has improved at the same time, with reduced cost, lower estimated cost of sales, higher profit elasticity in three quarters and an estimated 30 per cent increase in net return to the mother as compared to the other three levels
Low-line urban and rural milk demand is not as high as expected, competition patterns are not improving as expected, and food security is a problem.
Listed companies referred to in the study (6863.hk/HK 0.42, with no rating)
All figures in this report have been rounded to the shares of Ily.
Increase in profit before depreciation of interest tax (%)