Why did the dairy industry start to grow twice, and the market share accelerated towards Eli on October 22, 2017?
Ma Hobo, Cho, the dairy industry has started to grow twice, and we propose a different logic: the original milk is entering the new three-year cycle +
S-06051407001 The concentration uplifting and the slowing down of the ox competition brought about by the exit of SMEs from the market is the core driver, and the downfall of the channel & structural upgrading continues and accelerates.
Three-year data show that the milk industry and Eli have been at the turning point since 2q17, accelerating recovery. Small- and medium-sized enterprises contract + milk waste leads to cost fluctuations + food safety regulations tighten, with industry concentration
The industry has experienced 13 years of poor milk and low-economic cycles, with high fluctuations in cost demand, weak resilience of small and medium-sized dairy companies to risk, combined with food security, tighter regulation, product ageing and financial fraud, and massive withdrawal of small and medium-sized enterprises from the market.
With the Elymon cow as a whole rising rapidly, with a steady drop in cost rates, the Monx changing management, a slowdown in price wars, and an improvement in industry’s competitive patterns. Eli’s modern system of channel management, dominated by deep distribution, is more conducive to taking advantage of the incremental market, and the city’s rate is rising faster.
New cycle of original milk: The most profitable phase for dairy companies is when the prices of original milk are mild and rising (except when the price of milk is soaring and falling). The price of milk is so high that leading firms fully offset the effects of cost increases through structural upgrades + price increases + reduction in marketing, and the rate of Māori is stable and rising at lower cost.
China’s milk prices are impressive. After 13 years of waste of milk, the world’s raw milk supply is now over, demand is stable, raw milk prices are entering a mildly rising three-year cycle starting with Eli’s net interest rate going into an upswing cycle, with milk powder coming back up, and we expect a net profit of 3q17 to grow by 15% +.
Structural upgrading trends are evident, and the process of high-end upgrading continues to accelerate. The share of income from the high-end products of Ely sunk from the channel: changes in consumer structure + population reflows, and lower-line cities reaping dividends, which are the two main factors influencing the increase, with down-line cities and village markets becoming the main consumer for the future.
The current rate of 5-10 per cent growth in the county-rural market in the 1h17 liquid milk industry is much higher than the overall growth in the industry; Eli, with a strong channel of penetration, has achieved a more than 20 per cent increase in revenue in the county-level market and a higher rate than in the company.
Overall 13% growth in income. The downfall of the Eli channel began in 2005, and by 16 years the direct-controlled village network had reached 34.2 million homes, twice as high; the middle towns and sub-markets of the Ili channel structure had outperformed.
After 40%, the concentration of the following channels in the townships rose significantly higher than in the second-line cities.
A slow-down + channel sinking + structural upgrading suggests that Eli is entering the new three-year cycle.
The milk industry started to grow twice, and the milk industry started to grow twice, and the milk industry started to grow twice, and we offered the logic of difference: the original milk entered the new three-year cycle plus.
Small business exits bring about an increase in concentration, adding up to the slowdown in Monnati, which is the core driver of this process, as well as the persistence and acceleration of the downfall and structural upgrading of other channels. We follow three years of data, showing that the milk industry and Eli have both entered the turning point to accelerate recovery, starting with 2q17.
2. Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) have contracted, market share has accelerated to the forefront, industry concentration has increased, and SMEs have accelerated their exit.
In the liquid milk industry, the concentration of Elymon cattle rose by 7.8 to 57.1 per cent, and the share accelerated. The central city of Ely increased by 4.6 per cent to the top of the industry.
Small and medium-sized milk companies have contracted, and the market share has been concentrated towards the leader Elie and Monc. The market share of small milk companies has declined over the past year, mainly as a result of three consecutive years of price wars in the industry, and the poor living environment, which has led to large numbers of small milk companies leaving the market, coupled with tighter regulations, which have led to a stalemate in many milk companies.
The industry has experienced a 13-year milk shortage and a downward spiral in the economy, with small and medium-sized enterprises with weak resilience to risk and a tendency to shrink or even exit.
It is highly concentrated, with more upstream milk speech; it is also upstream dependent on imported powder, which is more influenced by foreign milk prices. The volatility of original milk prices also increases the risk of SMEs operating, while leading firms can survive in adversity by virtue of their strong power. Small and medium-sized milk companies accelerate out of the market, with the ability to take advantage of the market!
In 2011, the number of dairy companies declined rapidly from more than 800 to less than 650, and the concentration of leading markets has been rising. In the case of county markets, our latest industry grass-roots research has found that the market share of small and medium-sized dairy companies in rural cities has gradually been seized by Eli, where the city’s share has fallen by 0-2 pct and the market is fast.
The current government is focusing on food security, and several food regulations have been introduced, and the latest food safety law was enacted on October 1, 2015.
This may directly increase the costs of production and market access, facilitate compliance with the law, and when SMEs leave the market, the concentration of the industry is expected to increase. Industry leads with quality assurance, branding, and up-and-down extension.
From historical experience, the dairy industry was restructured in 2008 and the oligarchic pattern of Ilemons is strong. As industry thresholds rise and regulatory systems improve, leading firms will be more favoured by consumers with strong production and brand power.
2.2. The share of the industry is concentrated, and the Elysian is strong. From the pattern of competition in the market, the liquid milk industry has a long-standing double-hatting pattern, with the Elymons occupying 60% of the mountain. 1) The milk industry has a strong competition.
The market size of sales is estimated at 30 per cent and the overall city of Ely is now the first, with a 3 percentage point rise of 1h17 and an increase of less than 1 percentage point of Monx, which is gradually widening. (2) The market breakdown shows that the market of Ely's high-end products is growing faster than the market of Monx than other dairy companies.
In the first half of the year, industrial research found that Ammush had a 40% rate, a higher number than the same year, and the gold market share had risen faster than Trensu, and kept chasing Monx. The low-temperature milk city, Ely, had risen steadily, and was gradually moving towards Monx. The cold-drinking market had risen.
In the first place, the market for milk powder, the city of Eli, was the country’s first product, and after 17 years of registration, the industry recovered, the three-line city space + 21 formulas + brand channels prevailed, and the modern channel management system, dominated by deep distribution, was more conducive to winning the market.
The future growth market is concentrated in third- and fourth-tier cities and rural markets, so it's important that the channels sink. The business model determines the difference between Eli and Monx: Eli uses modern channels, and the sales people help the distributors to open up the market to maintain the terminals, make it easier to work, and the channels sink.
In the future, Eli will take over most of the industry, and the market share will probably fall short of Monx. Prices are slowing, and competition patterns in the industry are improving.
Adding the need to digest + lower milk prices provides profit margins, industry starts price wars, sales costs increase, and milk profits shrinks. As domestic milk temperature and temperature rises, small and medium-sized enterprises increase their cost pressures, they are unable to sustain high promotion costs, add to the current year’s performance, and control the promotion fees from the beginning.
End-marketing has improved significantly, and the downward trend in cost rates has been determined. Grass-roots research on China East + North + South Business Super-channels has improved significantly since the beginning of the year, with the export of Elymon's products starting in July, with usually warm yogurt and high milk.
In July-August, sales continued in the first six months of liquid milk sales at a rate of 15 to 17 per cent. The pipeline stock fell further to 5 to 10 days (lower than average).
For example, the merchants overpurchase a box (24 packs*250g) to give two packages, and the retail price is now roughly +2% as compared to last year’s discount. We believe that the milk price battle is coming to an end, and as the end supply and demand improves, the price rate is set down.
Original milk new cycle: The most profitable stage for dairy companies is the price of original milk Re-entry into the nature of the cycle (original milk price cycle and post-economic cycle): the price of milk rises and, although the cost has a negative impact on the Maori rate, the promotion has significantly weakened and even directly increased the price of the product.
The marginal effect of the decline in the cost rate is significantly greater than the cost increase, which is conducive to a rise in the net interest rate of Eli. The observation of the Ili data is also supported by the fact that the 10 percentage point increase in the rate of the Ili Maori rate over the past five years is only 5 percentage points, which means that the cost rate is more significant.
The change in the original milk price has a direct impact on the cost of the milk industry, but its impact on the Māori rate has diminished after 13 years.
Upgraded, higher income ratios for high-end products, higher rates of mammography for milk companies, and completely absorbed the pressure of rising milk prices, which, after 13 years, have become less relevant to changes in milk prices and are clearly negatively related to changes in original milk prices for structural upgrades. The price of milk has risen, reflecting the lack of milk supply.
On demand, end-milk prices are growing, industry competition is slowing, and sales costs are falling; the fall in milk prices reflects oversupply of dairy products, increased competition in industry, price wars for end-market promotions, and higher sales costs. At the current moderate rise point, the downward trend in future rates is gradually emerging.
Figure 15: Change in milk prices before 1q13 versus Māori rate after 16:q13
Figure 17: Changes in milk prices inversely relative to rates 4. Changes in cost rates are clearly related to negative changes in milk prices 4. Structural upgrading trends are evident and the high end process continues to accelerate
4.1. As consumption rises, the high-end share rises, market upscaling accelerates. As economic development + consumption escalates, the liquid milk market begins to grow into an era of structural upgrading. Breast consumption in the country’s second-line cities expands from sales to structural rises.
In the context of rising consumption, medium- and high-end dairy products will drive up the second-line market. According to the Ministry of Commerce, the price of yoghurt and milk retailing of the country’s main dairy consumer goods increases at zero-to-zero annual rates.
3%. Grass root studies show that the retail end of the high-end platinum gold medallion grew at 20-25% in January-August 2017, with a 50-55% increase in the normal-temperature milk Anmush, leading to a significant increase in product structure. And Ilip ' s white brand, with sales revenue from retail end sales equal to +10-15%, has also seen a marked recovery and recovery.
Figure 19: High-end process 1: Acid milk prices and the same-year acceleration, with a steady increase in the high-end share of the Elemon cattle industry. The share of Ely high-end products rose rapidly from about 39% in 14 years to 49% in 16 years, with a faster increase. We expect 2017e
4.2. Product upgrading is expected to be new, Ely’s ability to promote it, Product innovation leads to higher consumption, and high-end new products drive higher profitability. Most of the new products currently introduced by dairy companies are high-end products with a retail terminal price on average above $8.
East Wu Xinjiang Chart 23: Monx purified, Trondsu fastest growing, consumption upgraded sub-types inevitably replaced, and high-end + new items are constantly innovating. We look at different items.
Dairy products were found to be: 1) by industry breakdown, the most rapid growth of the pyrolytic milk and emulsions, followed by walnut milk, high-end white milk and basic white milk at a rate close to 10%, full-scale structural upgrading.
Two major blasts will continue to grow for the next two years; breast-feeding, such as the new good-forming emulsion-substitution nutrient fast, will continue to be introduced, looking at the plant protein market space. 5. Increment space will come mainly from low-line cities, with downfall effects.
5.1. Dwelling channels: changes in consumer structure + return of population, low-line cities enjoy industrial association data show that per capita consumption of dairy products in the country is 36l, a significant difference from the world average of 105l, but close to consumption habits in Korea (33l) and Japan (31l)
The average consumption per capita in the first line of cities is 50l. According to information from the dairy industry, the average per capita consumption in the country’s provincial assembly, second line and some third line cities is about 23 kg; in the third and fourth line of cities, the per capita consumption of dairy products is 16 kg; in rural areas it is only 7kg.
What makes the bottom-line cities the main consumer power of the future? This is mainly influenced by changes in consumer structure and population reversals. (1) The prevailing domestic consumer population is now 80 or 90, and consumption is not a factor that strictly limits spending on income in order to pursue product quality and lifestyle.
Consumption habits tend to converge on one or two lines. The example is that, according to ocean wharf data, three-line cities have increased by 109 per cent, far more than one-line cities, 78 per cent. And of the 30 cities with the highest risk of shopping abroad, three or four-line cities account for more than half. (2) The high cost of living in upper-line cities is affected by the high cost of living in some of the practitioners.
The choice to go back to work, coupled with policy guidance, shows a clear trend towards a return to population flows, with rising consumption in low-line cities on the one hand, and rising per capita consumption spending, on the other, with the perceived effects of rising wealth effects. An example of this is the rising proportion of purchases in low-down cities in recent years.
5.2. Liquefied milk sales to the counties and villages, where the primary liquid milk drop-out industry in the Ili channel is growing at a much faster rate than the whole. 1) Grass roots studies show that the overall rate of increase in the liquid milk industry is at an average rate, but below the four or five lines, in the counties, townships and rural areas.
The market, where the overall income growth has accelerated. The channel research found that the 1h17 liquid milk sector has seen a 5-10% increase in revenues in the county and village markets, well above the overall growth in the industry; and that in the county and municipal markets, with strong channel penetration, Ili has the fastest growing milk sales in the county and county markets, where Eli is a significant leader.
In contrast to the downside of the Elemon cow channel: in the rural market, the overall sales of Ili liquid milk increased at 20-25%, with Ammush and Kimjung selling at more than 20% in the rural market, 70% significantly higher than in the second-line city. Monx increased overall sales at 5-10% in the offline market.
Less than one second of the city, with channels that sink below Ely, but core monolithic purity is growing fastest in the town market, at over 40%.
Three or four-line cities, rural villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, cities, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages, villages.
The downfall began in 05, when it was clearly proposed to deep-deep a second-line city, while opening access to down-line cities and towns. Through the Ministry of Commerce's “Many Villages Market Works” east wind, Iriga rural nodes were covered.
Research has shown that Ely is sinking through channels of flattening and distributors, developing village-level rural distributors, and strengthening the direct control of terminals. Grass root research has found that county-based market milk consumption, Ammoshe, gold-sung, has gone from gifts to daily drinking, and dairy consumption has increased as rural consumers are educated and branded.
Selecting brands, products, and small and medium-sized milk companies with a declining market share of zero to two pct, Eli with the strongest brand, raised the market share in the county and townships by about three percentage points. Three years of sunk channels with excellent results: 1) modern business models of channel management, adding up to previous ones.
“Weaving Networks” in late 15 years, with 110,000 direct rural networks and more than 5 million national terminals, has created a vast network of channels, which are fully outpaced by the “wideness + depth + density” and which is being consolidated, with market penetration increasing from year to year.) According to recent industry studies, Eli is in the rural subdistricts of the county.
The rate is about 30% to 35%, an increase of 3 pct over the same year; the market of Monx is 25% to 20%, equal to the same rate, and the path of the Eili canal is sinking at a significantly faster rate than that of the Monx.
Face recovery, greater profit elasticity, full recovery in the liquid milk industry, and strong recovery in the Elysium industry. Our industry research found that the January-August liquids industry grew by nearly 7%, entering the accelerated corridor, and end-loading continued to improve.
The city’s share is rising faster (and we estimate 3 items to be raised in January/August). Industry concentration. Milk powder registration will move from 16 to 20 billion market space, with about 120 billion in the second half of the year, and 20% of the cards and tags will be cleared out of the market as a result of registration.
In the second half of the year, industrial repossessions + 21 formulations + high-profile national production + business markets have been the first with a steady annual presence, with several new products launched in 17 years and better sales.
The Division participated in the Australian company mg's strategic development programme, demonstrating its commitment to the global breast-feeding landscape, provisional profit predictions and investment proposals: the original milk cycle + the withdrawal of SMEs from the race slows down with the monsoon + the down channel + structural upgrades suggest that Eli is entering the new three-year cycle.
Food safety risks and upstream supply adjustments may not be as high as expected, leading to fluctuations in the original milk price;