In June, the new energy sales became more innovative, and the Blue Hills were branded a new car: the company announced sales in June, bringing the total sales to 105,000, a year-on-year increase, and the Blue Hills, a month-on-June sale of 5,000, helped the Blue Hills to become a new car builder.
The first full delivery month (June) went over 5,000, with a 7.2% ring growth, and the city was expanding, with six suvs in Blue Mountain playing well. Moreover, more Blue Mountain users were transitioning to fuel trucks, the overall conservative, and sales were expected to continue as the slogans were fermented.
Two, three monolithic battles, Hover's new energy transition is accelerating. The Hafer brand sold 5907 in June, an increase of 15.08% compared to the previous month; of these, the Dragon series sold 6098 in June, and was on the market for only 45 days to mark the milestone of 10,000 vehicles being offline: Hafer Dog Series 1-1.
70566 sales in June, fast-tracking the New Blue Sea in the new energy off-road market; Haffah 6 stock, 3, and 6000 in June in the Spring Dragon series, with the maximum/minimum price of 52 weeks for additional demand for Huffki disks
According to sales data, Haffron buys 70% of the total, and the base-plate user demand will effectively support the stock sales. In April, January and June, pickup tanks grew robustly overall.
The continued expansion of the innovative Great Wall asset management card and tank high-end product lines is expected to sustain the growth of the company as a whole in the future.
We believe that, in the second quarter, the motor sector’s demand has stabilized, and the industry’s beta will return to growth: at the same time, the Wall’s deep-farming intelligent electrodynamics are the strongest in terms of its own alpha attributes. It is expected that the automobile industry will sell less than expected, and that competition in the industry will increase more than expected.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.