In July, new sources of energy were re-innovated and the transformation of new sources of smart energy was steadily advancing,1 the new energy age was thick and thin, and Blue Mountain sold more than 5,000 units for three months in a row.6652 were sold in July, an increase of 119.25 per cent compared to the previous year; of these, Blue Hills sold 5566.
For the third month in a row, the sales went up to 5,000. The blue mountain, the mocca, is the main vehicle, supporting 6,000 monthly sales: with the mpv, the new latte, etc., in the second half of the year, the sales are expected to go to the new steps.
Two Hover brands sold 63,000 in July, with the next half of the year ahead of them. Hover brands sold 62,967 in July, an increase of 2.7 per cent compared to the previous month; of these, Hover's new energy sources sold 10,105 in July, a drop of 10,000 in two consecutive months.
Big Dogs and others are on the market and Hover's brands are ready for sale.3 The pickup brands continue to be steady and tank brands are bright. In July, there were 15841 pickups, 13490 pickups, 2.85 per cent respectively, + 8.15 per cent, and the pickups followed.
Over 8,000 orders have accumulated, and the new power source of the tanks is the first to kick-start the era of new energy sources across the country.
We believe that, in the second half of the year, the automobile industry will be stable, and the industry Beta will grow again; at the same time, the Wall’s deep-farming intelligent electrodynamics are the strongest in terms of its alpha attributes. It is expected that the public-car industry will sell less than expected, and that competition in the industry will increase more than expected.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.