Mid 2023: over-expected recovery of performance in the second quarter, expected pattern of blasted vehicles in the second half of the year
Net profits ranged from $82 to $1.07 billion, an increase of 8 per cent to 41 per cent over the same period last year, with a significant recovery from the first quarter.1 From the loss shadow, the second quarter outperformed the expected recovery.
New energy conversion inputs, single-quarter non-loss deductions, second-quarter re-marketing and sales recovery, and a significant recovery in corporate non-performance in the first quarter, in line with our earlier expectations.
Nearly 300,000 vehicles, up from a high level in the same period in recent years, have returned to a high level of excellence. In addition, the company's top-end car brand, represented by Wei and tank brands, grew by 92 per cent in the second quarter of the year, with a total sales performance of 3, Blue Mountain-led Wei brand.
Suv Blue Mountain is officially on the market, with two sales of more than 5,000 in a row, making it a break-down market, modeling, and leading to a successful doubling of Wei's brand sales. We expect that Blue Mountain sales will still have the potential, with the highest/lowest price in the next 52 weeks.
Half a year will be a challenge for 10,000 monthly sales, and the Big Blue Mountain, which will drive Wei’s brand to fight back, Mocha, High Mountain, etc., will also benefit from the Blue Mountain’s explosive effects.
4 - New energyization will also stimulate the potential of another high-end branded tank. Over the past few years, tank brands have succeeded in expanding the demand of small and pure cross-country markets, making more sophisticated Land Cruisers a better option for cross-country players.
More sophisticated, more energy-efficient Land Cruisers or new demand in the pure land market, once again, we believe that in the second half of the year, when demand in the automobile industry has stabilized, the industry will return to growth; at the same time, the Wall’s deep-deep car has the strongest alpha attributes.
Increased industry competition, rising raw materials prices, and less than expected demand for new energy vehicles. Data used in the present report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness. The findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.