The first quarter of 2018 reported a steady upturn in harvests, a solid asset quality, a robust asset-liability structure for business banks, a low-intensity industry and regulatory influence, and a steady increase in scale expansion.
Block rating: stronger than the big market, corporate interest differentials and asset quality have improved, profitability has improved, and corporate dividends have been 4.0% higher than industry levels. The company’s large retail distribution is improving, its customer base is tightening, and corporate deposits are increasing.
The net profit and revenue (net of insurance operating expenses) increased by 4.0 per cent and 8.3 per cent for the first quarter of the year, respectively, and by 1.2 pct/3 pct, compared to 17 years.
10.6% of the year), we believe that the better performance of the net interest income of the company is largely due to the improved performance of the margin, taking into account the adjustment pressure imposed by the new regulations on the management of related operations, the robust growth in size and further optimization of the liability structure.
We believe that the advantage of the corporate liability end will continue as the company’s “big retail” business is better organized and the “key city” strategy continues to move forward. Undesirable generation will remain low, and provision will be made for higher levels of lifting.
The negative end-of-season ratio drops by 1 bp to 1.54%. We measure the negative annualized rate of production (assuming that the negative loan write-off rate for the first quarter was the same as in the same period last year) at 0.58%, while the negative value is lower. The company increased the rate of coverage by 20 pct to 175% in the first quarter.
The risk resilience is further enhanced by the change in accounting standards by 15 percentage points. Under the new provisions, we expect the future credit cost adjustment space for the industry to be further increased from Silver International.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business, sensitisation, lucidity.
Business banks publish 18-year quarterly reports, with net profits of 2018q1 increasing by +3.98 per cent on a year-on-year basis; total assets of 26.49 trillion yuan (+6.38 per cent, yoy/+1.56 per cent, qoq), of which loans + 6.84 per cent yoy/+2.04 per cent, qoq; deposits + 8.80 per cent yoy/+ 5.05 per cent, qoq; operating income + 4.05 per cent, and net revenue recovery continues to warm, with expected rate of increase in fees maintained at a low rate
The net profit/earner (net of insurance operating expenses) increased by 4.0/8.3 per cent for the first quarter of the same year, and by 1.2 pct/3 pct over 17 years, with consistently better performance. Specifically, net interest income increased by 12.3 per cent for the first quarter compared to the other (10.6 per cent in vs. 17 years), and we believe that the net interest income growth of the better company largely benefited from the improvement in interest differentials. The net interest balance for the first quarter of the industry was 2.3 per cent, compared with 2.2 per cent for the entire 17-year period.
The company’s rate of increase in fees per quarter is 1.6 per cent compared to the rate of increase, an improvement over the rate of 17 years to 3.7 per cent, and is expected to remain low throughout the year, taking into account the pressure of new regulations on the management of related operations. In the context of good asset quality, the company has further increased its base of provision, with credit costs rising by 22bp to 1.17 per cent in the first quarter compared to the same period in 17 years, contributing to this increase.
The growth in size is robust, the debt structure is further optimized to 83.1%, and the debt structure is further optimized. We believe that as the company’s “large retail” business layout continues to improve, and “focus cities” are better off.
As the strategy continues to move forward, the advantage of the corporate liability end will continue to be maintained. Bad generation will remain low, provision will be made for higher levels of asset quality, and the industry ' s asset quality performance will continue to improve, with the negative rate ring declining by 1 bp to 1.54% at the end of the quarter.
A good rate of production (assuming that the write-off rate for non-performing loans for the first quarter was the same as the same period last year) is 0.58%, with the negative yield absolute value at a lower level. The company’s first-quarter coverage ring was raised by 20-175% (of which 15 percentage points were increased as a result of the change in accounting standards) and the risk resistance was further enhanced.
Business banks’ assets and liabilities are well structured, co-operative, poorly regulated, and growing at a steady rate of expansion. Corporate interest differentials and asset quality have improved, profitability has improved, and corporate dividends are 4.0% higher than industry levels.