(b) The annual report issued by the Bank of Commerce and Industry on the evening of 27 March, with an operating income of approximately $67,564 million, an increase of 5.3 per cent over the previous year;
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was $286,649 million, an increase of 2.8 per cent, and a basic gain of $0.79 per share. Business and industry banks increased their net profit by 2.80 per cent and their revenue by 7.5 per cent throughout the 17-year period.
On the one hand, the Bank maintained a robust expansion rate of 8.1 per cent at the end of the year, with interest differentials contributing on both sides of the expanded asset liability.
The \triangleright industry spread benefits mainly from improved interest rates at both ends of the asset liability. Interest-bearing asset returns increased by 6 bp over the first half of the year, and the cost of the liability decreased by 1 bp. At the end of the asset, they benefited mainly from higher interest rates on one loan.
Up to 4.23%. At the end of the liability, benefits are derived from a high deposit pricing and an increase in the enterprise ' s current ratio. The annual cost for public deposits is 2.24%, a decrease of 3bp from the first half of the year. And, on average, corporate current deposits increased in the first half of the year. \triangleright
As a result of the positive economic recovery, the percentage of medium- and long-term loans to public loans increased by 2.1 percentage points at the beginning of the 17-year comparison; the increase in interest rates was boosted by the central bank's announcement of a 5.26 per cent return on mortgage loans at the end of the 17-year period, which was higher than the industry's interest rate on public loans of 4.36 per cent.
It also decreased by $40.1 billion. Among investment-type assets, the industrial sector increased local and national debt allocation, which rose by 13.1 percentage points at the beginning of the year. Receivables have declined continuously since the second quarter, falling by 32.3 per cent from the end of the first quarter, and have slowed down production while preparing for the actual provision.
At the end of 17 years, the negative rate was 1.55 per cent, with the ring falling by 1 bp per year, or 7 bp per year.
We believe that business banks have consolidated their base of provision in 17 years, reaching more than 150 per cent, and that 18 years of credit cost pressure will be reduced; 18 years of performance is expected to continue to benefit from an increase in loan spreads. We expect that 18-20 years of bvps 1.
2. The Federal Reserve ' s interest increase assessment: central banks followed the adjustment back and back with the decline in the solvency of their enterprises and a significant deterioration in the quality of their assets; major changes occurred in capital management and non-target policies.
Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of Internal Trade, the China Sinda Trust Investment Corporation, and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.