The first three-quarterly bank report from the two cities, with the profit ups and downs, detailed reading of the third-quarter report from the Bank of Peace 2020, October 22, 2020.
On October 21, the company released its three-monthly report for 2020, the first three-quarters report of banks in both cities. In the first three quarters, the company achieved a positive increase in net profits from the previous quarter, by 5.18 per cent, up a step from 11.20 per cent in the first half of the year. After the first half of the year, the most pressure on the stock market had passed, and the future macro-environment would be expected.
More friendly, profit growth is expected to continue to rise. Qualitative double drops, public risk clearances New lows since the year: the non-performing loan ring drops by 5.77%. Companies write off large amounts of non-performing and overdue loans in q3.
At a time when credit costs are properly reduced, the profit growth rate will rebound. The provision covers 218%, with 3 pct more than 200% more than the ring. Structurally, the total volume control of public loans will be restructured to clean up the stock of non-performing loans.
The impact of the epidemic was officially lifted by a drop of 24bp to 1.33% in the negative retail ratio. • The recovery in consumption is expected to improve net interest differentials, with interest-bearing asset yields falling by 22bp and loan interest rates falling by 32bp.
Loans should be able to recover faster growth in the future, with the prospect of re-enhancement of net interest differentials. Interest-bearing debt costs dropped by 12 bp, deposits low-cost inter-employee liabilities, replacement of structural and deposit deposits at high public cost, personal time deposit pricing and investment proposals: watch companies rise and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Corporate fundamentals are excellent, with improved indicators. As a multi-shareholding firm, companies have flexible business adjustments and less resistance to improved performance. Now, companies are static pb1.22, just back to pre-epidemiological levels.
The second impact of the epidemic, the loan is re-pricing in the first quarter of next year.
2. Peace Bank (000001): No fear of the effects of the epidemic. Three-quarterly reports from the first banks in the two cities, with profit ups and downs in the first three quarters.
On October 21, the company released its three-monthly report for 2020, the first three-quarters of the city’s banks. In the first three quarters, the company achieved a net return gain of 5.18%, up a step from 11.20% in the first half of the year.
The semi-annual rate of growth (-1.63 per cent) in the use of the poles. From the point of view of peer comparison, there will be no two-thirds negative double-dip profit growth throughout the year, with public risk being cleared. New lows since the coming of office: the non-performing loan ring ratio has fallen by 5.77 per cent.
We look at short-term indicators of the rate of default, which is likely to be adversely affected by the company’s proactive identification. Structurally, we adjust the total volume structure of public lending to clean up the stock of non-performing loans.
This is the first time since 2016 that the overall negative rate has been lower than the public stock credit risk has been cleared. Retail lending has continued to grow faster, tilting towards low-risk licensed mortgages, while accelerating poor disposal. The retail negative ratio has dropped by 24bp to 1.33%.
The impact of the epidemic was officially lifted by 10bp, 68bp, 41bp, 6bp. Interest-bearing asset yields fell by 22bp and loan interest rates fell by 32bp. As interest rate center rises and focuss tilts towards real estate, interest rates on public loans have stabilized, and the ring drops by 2bp.
As a synchronized indicator of credit card lending, the q3-quarter credit card turnover has risen at a rate of 9.38% on a year-on-year basis, while credit card lending is now increasing at a rate of 1.75%. With future corporate credit policies gradually liberalized, consumer credit expansion is expected to revive the net interest gap.
The cost of interest-bearing liabilities has fallen by 12 bp, interest rates have fallen by 15 bp, the second consecutive quarter, and the company's capacity to absorb is beyond question. In q3 companies, using low-cost inter-operability liabilities to replace structural and deposit deposits at high public cost, the price of personal term deposits has fallen in tandem.
41.02 per cent, and the price of term deposits is significantly higher than the value of corporate liabilities. Thus, cleaning up structural deposits and raising the activity of business deposits are both factors that will help improve the cost of corporate liabilities.
As the q3 has risen over q2, the growth in private sector aum has been significant, with a 13.70 per cent increase in the ring and a 7.17 per cent increase in the overall retail aum ring. Private banks are officially on a trillion dollar scale, amounting to 1.05 trillion yuan. Capital markets are doing well this year, especially in the retail structure of high-end customers.
The company, as a multi-sharer, has flexible business adjustments and less resistance to improvement. Now, the company's static pb1.22 is just back to pre-epidemiological levels. But, as compared to last year, the letter is,
The long-standing problem of savings has also been resolved with reduced baggage, and the potential for development has increased. Future reductions in the provision will provide considerable profit-release space. The net difference is only a gradual decline in the impact of the epidemic and is not expected to last.
2- Next quarter loan-pricing experience in leasing, private fund-raising, securities and banking. Previous studies in finance, domestic electricity, and color-related industries. Formerly employed in the Bank of China, joined in 2019. Author with a qualification in securities investment consultancy or a considerable professional competence, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,