Date
Rating
Company
China Vanke
Hold
Company Update
Asia
Reuters
Bloomberg
Exchange Ticker
Property
000002.SZ
000002 CH
SHZ
Property
ISIN
US16948J1097
30% earnings CAGR amid margin
Jeffrey Gao, CFA
Jason Ching, CFA
expansion; Hold for fair valuation
Research Analyst
Research Analyst
Maintaining Hold for fair valuation
We lift FY17-19F earnings by 8-14% and raise our target price slightly to
RMB25.51 after factoring in a better margin, 1H17 results and the latest land
Stephen Cheung, CFA
acquisitions. Given its RMB384bn unbooked sales with a higher post-tax gross
Research Analyst
margin (~26% vs. 20.9% in FY16), we expect it to deliver 30% earnings growth
in FY17-18F, implying 4-6% dividend yields (highest among blue chips).
However, we believe the current valuation is fair (7.2x FY18F P/E and 18%
discount to NAV). Hence, we maintain our Hold rating.
Foo Leung
More land banking needed to sustain fast growth
Research Associate
We expect Vanke to reach RMB535bn contracted sales this year (+47% yoy),
given that it achieved RMB313bn sales by July, and there are ~40m sqm
saleable GFA in 2H17. However, we believe its 116m sgm land bank is
insufficient to sustain its high growth, and more land banking is needed in
2H17. In addition to its 2.9m sqm (attributable GFA) of urban renewal projects,
Key changes
management disclosed that there are >40 railway property projects (distributed
in several cities) under discussion to fuel its rapidly depleting land bank.
30% earnings CAGR amid gross margin expansion; 5-7% dividend yield
Due to higher ASP and better cost control under the partnership scheme, the
(vs. 20.9% in FY16). We expect this will likely remain at similar level, and
hence, support 30% earnings CAGR in FY17-18F (given its RMB384bn
Source: Deutsche Bank
unbooked sales), implying a 5-8% dividend yield range on a 40% payout ratio.
Price/price relative
Strong growth in other businesses
Besides its property development, Vanke also achieved strong growth in its
other businesses: 1) property management service recorded RMB3bn revenue
in 1H17 (+70% yoy), with ~400m sgm under management; 2) >8.5m sgm of
commercial properties under management (including 34 malls with 4.9m sqm
in operation); 3) 32 logistics properties (2.6m sqm) were acquired and another
35 projects been contracted (2.5m sqm), as well as engaged in the potential
privatization of GLP and 4) it obtained 70k units of long-lease apartments
(including 20k units under operation with ~87% occupancy).
Valuation and risks
Performance (%)
12m
Our target price is based on 10% discount to end-2017F NAV of RMB28.35.
The stock now trades at 7.2x FY18F P/E and at an 18% discount to NAV. Key
Absolute
downside risk: a failure to acquire quality sites to sustain growth. Upside risks
HANG SENG INDEX
are better-than-expected sales and margin expansion. See page 3 for more.
Source: Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Distributed on: 25/08/2017 15:50:02 GMT
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should
be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should
consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST
CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 083/04/2017.
China Vanke
Reuters: 000002.SZ
Bloomberg: 000002 CH
Hold
Company Profile
China Vanke, the largest developer by annual sales
volume, was founded in May 1984, and was engaged
principally in property development in China. It was one of
the first listed companies in China. By 1H16, the company
has an attributable landbank of 35.8mn sqm, spreading all
across China.
Price Performance
- HANG SENG INDEX (Rebased)
- China Vanke —
Margin Trends
Growth & Profitability
Solvency
Jeffrey Gao, CFA
Investment Thesis
Outlook
We lift FY17-19F earnings by 8-14% and raise our target price slightly to
RMB25.51, after factoring in a better margin, 1H17 results and the latest land
acquisitions. Given its RMB384bn unbooked sales with higher post-tax gross
margin (~26% vs. 20.9% in FY16), we expect it to deliver 30% earnings growth
in FY17-18F, implying 4-6% dividend yields (highest among blue chips).
However, we believe the current valuation is fair (7.2x FY18F P/E and 18%
discount to NAV). Hence, we maintain our Hold rating.
Valuation
Our end-FY17F NAV estimate is comprised of RMB25.78/share development
properties, HKD1.93/share of investment properties and HKD0.63/share of net
cash. Our NAV estimate values existing land bank and properties based on a
sum-of-the-parts methodology: 1) we use DCF to value the company's
development properties, with WACC of 9.1% (we apply a risk-free rate of
3.0%, beta of 1.4, risk premium of 6.0% and cost of debt at 5.7%) and 2) we
use a cap-rate approach (cap rate between 5% and 9%) to value investment
properties. In our model, we assume full prepayment of the land appreciation
tax. In terms of property price assumptions, we assume prices will likely drop
5% in T1 and T2 cities in 2017F and remain flat thereafter. For T3 cities, we
assume 3% property price growth in 2017F and prices to remain flat thereafter.
Our 12-month target price is based on a discount to our NAV estimate. The
rationale for such target discount is based on eight key measures of the
companies we cover (product quality, land bank quality, scale, leverage,
growth prospect, profitability, financing advantage and execution). Comparing
China Vanke to peers in terms of operating and financial performance, we
apply a 10% discount to our NAV estimate. It implies 7.2x FY18F P/E (EPS:
RMB3.20) and 1.7x FY17F P/B. The benchmark index for the stock is MSCI
China.
Risks
Macro risks: Government property tightening measures might be stricter than
expected, which could result in volatile moves in housing transaction volumes,
housing prices, land prices and financing available to developers and
homebuyers. The unexpected economic fluctuations in the Chinese economy
also add risks to the sector. In addition, potential RMB depreciation may result
in FX losses for developers with offshore financing.
Company-specific risks: The downside risks include: 1) further management
uncertainties due to the complicated shareholding structure and 2) failure in
business diversification, leading to lower earnings growth and ROE recovery.
An upside risk is a strong ASP improvement, leading to wider margin
expansion.
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, Deutsche Bank
Important Disclosures
Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors . Other
information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the
primary subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at
"Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
Important Disclosures Required by U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.
See Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
Within the past year, Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has managed or co-managed a public or private offering
for this company, for which it received fees.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received compensation from this company for the provision of investment
banking or financial advisory services within the past year.
Important Disclosures Required by Non-U.S. Regulators
Please also refer to disclosures in the Important Disclosures Required by US Regulators and the Explanatory Notes.
Within the past year, Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has managed or co-managed a public or private offering
for this company, for which it received fees.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received compensation from this company for the provision of investment
banking or financial advisory services within the past year.
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive
any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Jeffrey Gao/Jason Ching/Stephen
Cheung/Foo Leung
Historical recommendations and target price: China Vanke (00002.SZ)
(as of 8/25/2017)
Equity rating key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total
share-holder return (TSR = percentage change in
share price from current price to projected target price
plus pro-jected dividend yield), we recommend that
investors Buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-
holder return, we recommend that investors Sell the
stock
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months
out and, based on this time horizon, do not
recommend either a Buy or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target
prices supersede previously published research.
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Although the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of these websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this
report, or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche
Bank may act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its own
account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those
taken in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis,
equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication
may differ from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies or
otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on.
Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment
banking, trading and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts
sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas that are consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term
conviction belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or sector delineated over a
time frame of no less than two weeks. In addition to SOLAR ideas, the analysts named in this report may from time to
time discuss with our clients, Deutsche Bank salespersons and Deutsche Bank traders, trading strategies or ideas that
reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return
or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to
otherwise notify a recipient thereof if any opinion, forecast or estimate contained herein changes or subsequently
becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company
specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion
of the coverage analyst concerned or of the Research Department Management and as such the majority of reports are
published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account
the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation
of an offer to Buy or Sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are
inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst’s judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not
be suitable for all investors and investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of
financial instruments are subject to change without notice and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of
price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's
currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily
indicative of future results. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session,
and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is sourced from Deutsche Bank,
subject companies, and in some cases, other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business areas divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect
available
website
under
Disclaimer
found
our
research
our
the
Legal
tab.
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a
loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside potential surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common
adverse macroeconomic shocks to receivers. Yet, counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation,
regulation (including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency
convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and
settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed
income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to
FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the
index fixings may -- by construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended
to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon
rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is
also important to acknowledge that funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are
denominated carries FX risk. Naturally, options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to
risks
the
related
rates
movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.
The appropriateness or otherwise of these products for use by investors is dependent on the investors' own
circumstances including their tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and
liabilities, and as such, investors should take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar
to or inspired by the contents of this publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can
be substantial. As a result of the high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be
incurred that are greater than the amount of funds initially deposited. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable
for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized
website please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed
exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at
review this information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and all affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you, any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information
provided in the materials attached hereto. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as Your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any
trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or
account type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in
making Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to
particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the
offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this
inform
directly
from
ask
that
you
immediately.
us,
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and
SIPC. Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA
regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Pvt Ltd, which is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(SEBI) as a stock broker. Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number is INH000001741. DEIPL may have received
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA,
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks
involved in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by
multiplying the transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to
losses as a result of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional
losses stemming from foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories
of investment advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk
of losses to principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in
market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the
relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in
this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the
name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank
Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are
not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's
equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number
1998/003298/10).
South
Africa:
Singapore: by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (One Raffles
Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters
arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated in Singapore to a person who
is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and
regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank
research may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without
written consent. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and
is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited,
Taipei
clients
securities/instruments.
Branch
not
execute
transactions
for
these
may
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower,
West Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related
financial products or services are only available to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority.
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company, (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District,
P.O.
Box
301809,
Tower
17th
Faisaliah
Floor,
Riyadh,
Saudi
Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai
International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been
distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as
defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please
refer
Australian
specific
research
disclosures
information
and
related
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of APAC Research
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Anthony Klarman
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Head of Research - Germany
Global Head of Quantitative
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank Place
2-11-1 Nagatacho
Filiale Hongkong
Sanno Park Tower
60329 Frankfurt am Main
International Commerce Centre,
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
Germany
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America