Short-term pressure on performance in the first half of the year, long-term development powered by the ic board, deep south circuit (002916.sz) 24/08/2023
• Short-term pressure on performance of 2023h1 and strong forward momentum, maintaining “buy-in” ratings, continuing growth and maintaining “buy-in” ratings.
The company ' s pcb operation achieved revenues of $3.882 billion, corresponding to 12.43 per cent, and a Māori rate of 25.85 per cent, corresponding to 1.49 pcts. Downstream applications show that domestic demand has not improved significantly in the area of communications, and that construction projects in the overseas region of 5g have been slowed down and orders have been reduced on a similar scale; and in the area of servers, the global economy has cooled and eagle has been reduced.
In the area of auto-electronics, companies are actively seized of the growth opportunities of new energy and adas, with orders increasing by nearly 40%.
● A breakthrough in high-end envelopes, a long-term dynamic, and a steady advance in high-end sheet products and production capacity. Technically, fc-csp products have attained industry leadership in sample capacity in the msap and etc processes; rf radio frequency products have successfully imported some high-level products.
"Backboard business steady, to be driven by demand " ; fc-bga intermediate product successfully certified on the client, part of medium- and high-level product entering the sample phase, moving pcb profit recovery - company update
The technological development of high-level products is at an advanced stage, with the ability to test samples of high-level products. In terms of production capacity, the no-tin-plate second-stage plant is in the production-upgrading phase, and the Guangzhou sealing base plate project is expected to be operational on the 2023q4 link.
The smooth winding-up in 2022 is expected to boost a new round of growth in company performance as high-end enveloped base-plate products and production capacity are released in the future under pcb operations. Six months of improvement - corporate update report
`2022q3 Requirements are weak and the enveloped base plate is operational.