The performance of the company in the three-quarter 2021 report and the overall performance of the company in the third quarter of the year.
83%. In terms of the business share, the firm position of self-employment, brokerage, management, investment, net interest, and investment, among other activities, is strong, with many indicators ranked first in the industry. As of 2021q3, the corporate stock stock stock stock pool managed successfully and the performance of the “capital plus fund” increased significantly.
It is clear that the company is currently the largest in terms of the number of products that have completed the public transformation of the conglomerates, and that 16 major conglomerates contracts have been approved by the CMB and are operating with reference to the public fund-raising policy. By the end of the three season, the company's share-held summer fund was $933.2 billion, or +43.11 per cent, of which the non-profit base is $610.9 billion.
The financial investment assets continue to expand, and the risk of real credit impairment of asset quality slows down.
The cumulative amount of losses is 1,490 million yuan, compared to -70.4 per cent, and the risk of impairment is reduced and assets are upgraded. Investment proposals: traditional business positions such as corporate brokerage, investment banking, etc. are strong; stock holdings continue to shrink, risks are phased out and asset quality is improved; wealth management operations are successfully transformed and public fund-raising is successful.
The gold business is a new profit growth point, providing it with a sustained high and stable profit. The company achieved a year-on-year increase in operating income and net profits in the first half of the year, slowed growth in the three quarters on the basis of the higher base for the previous period, and the company has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business is the activity of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants to provide securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, prediction or advice on the investment of securities, and to charge direct or indirect fees for services.
All data used are from compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional understanding, clear and accurate reflection of the author ' s research views in the present report, and seeking independence