Incident: Quarterly Report 2021 published by the Chinese Portfolio, with 57,811 million collected in the first three quarters of 2021.
Client funds grew at a high rate from the two-mixed balance, with net interest earnings doubling the same time. Companies realized net interest income of $4.386 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 139.54 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the high rate of growth in interest income on financing coupons and household assets.
Wang Qing, with the two-mixed cities ranked first in the industry, and the two-mix interest income grew rapidly. Markets were active in the first three quarters, with a total of 193 million investors in the whole market as of the end of the third quarter, compared to 2020.
The management of assets includes the management of securities and the management of funds under the flag, the management of securities, the management of securities, and the promotion of companies, guided by “the expansion of proactive management, the development of equity products, and the economy of service entities”
The semi-annual review of " Rapid Multi-Operation Growth " , " Renovation of Public Collections " , " Continuous scaling down of corridor operations " , " quarterly scaling up of proactive management " , 71,746 million yuan per month in the first quarter of 2021, +47.21 per cent of the year, " Active " .
With regard to the operations of the Fund, the size of the company-owned summer fund was growing rapidly, and by the end of the three season, the total size of the Fund was 93.32 billion yuan, an increase of 43.11 per cent over the same period, including $61.9 billion in non-funds, which are expected to remain high in the public fund under the banner of State incentives for investment end-building, “movement of capital deposits”
Rapid growth is expected to continue with a high growth in corporate governance performance in 2021. The 2019 report provides an assessment of the accelerated growth schedule, the leader of the campaign, and a further increase in the market share, the leader of which has been highlighted.
The net revenue from fees and fees is $5.64 billion, or +25.62% of the year. For equity financing, the first three quarters have been excellent in terms of project screening capacity, pricing capacity, distribution capacity and capital strength
It is clear that, by the end of the three seasons, the company ipo, refinancing and bond underwriting had all been ranked first in the industry, and that the public sector ' s cindasecuitiesco., Ltd., was expected to continue to capture market shares and to continue to grow at a high rate throughout the year.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, investment proposal: corporate capital, risk pricing, business synergy as industry leader.
The competitive advantage in the business areas of investment, asset management and wealth management has been evident, with the total harvest in the previous three quarters exceeding 2015 and the net return profit is approaching its highest in history, with companies expected to earn a record high in terms of gross profits and roe over the year 2015.
Risk factors: monetary policy tightening has led to a significant decline in stock market transactions; capital market reforms have fallen short of expectations; self-employment performance due to large capital market fluctuations has fallen short of expectations. Wang Chen Dynasty, a master’s degree in international finance at the University of Duren, United Kingdom, has been a former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Department, and has been a leasing business in the Hong Kong Sea.
The Ministry ' s General Manager, who was employed in the Sino-Kinjia Portfolio, China-Changan Portfolio, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with a Master ' s degree in non-banking finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan ' s Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
Wang Jing, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States of America, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for non-banking finance, Wen Ribang, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Gangan, formerly worked in the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., joined the Sinda Securities Development Centre in May 2021 for research in non-banking finance.
Sun Szew, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Science in Economics, University of Hong Kong, University of Hong Kong, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2021 to carry out research on small and medium market value shares.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.