Productions and services are under repair, ecologically built in Begawan, the Big Sea Group (002311.sz) has a core of feed, and products and services have been added to the entire industry chain, starting with feed operations.
Quick, based on a deep understanding of and full exploitation of the needs of clients, to provide a holistic solution to animal husbandry and a business chain layout. Gradual extension from feed to higher technological and economic value added.
The production and development of high-value-added products has grown in scale and income structure has been optimized. For 21 years, the company has managed to harvest the pig-breeding business, with feed as its core, seeding and motor protection as its three-pronged development.
A strong operating power is sustained excellence and leading support 1. Forage markets are growing steadily. The company’s feed sales grew from 6.3 million tons in 15 years to 18.7 million tons in 21 years.
The Department plans to sell 40 million tons of feed in 2025 (including external sales and self-uses), with a further annual rate of city occupancy + 5.7 pct. The corporate asset turnover is a leading industry, which largely determines the dominance of the public domain, 2.6 times in 20, 21 and 2.72 times in 21.
It's the synergy between the former, the middle, and the back. 3) per capita performance is the lead. The increase in the number of employees who cut off the pig-breeding business, so it's low. But even so, we can still see that the feed-centred business continues to grow.
In-depth report I of the “Learning Pig Cycles” series, reading “hard” indicators for future trends in pig production at a time dimension.
[Galactic Agriculture] "Learning the Pig Cycle" series depth report II: Day Break. Company feed sales are 12 years cagr + 21.8% and 10 times more productive than 10 times more. Company based on healthy organisms (002100.sz): cyclical elasticity and growth potential.
In-depth report series III: End-of-year +64 partnerships. 21 years of company purchases fixed assets, intangible assets, and others.
The cash paid by the assets in the period amounts to $4.66 billion, or +37 per cent; the combined additional feed production capacity is about 8.7 million.
Tons. Of this amount, nearly 5 million tons of new production is available; additional feed plants, including leasing, mergers and acquisitions, are overpriced for short periods of time, with a strong upward trend.
Hope (000876.sz): Pig price elasticity + high growth, agricultural livestock tons. 2) The internal base is solid, with strong synergies between the front and back.
The backstage combines technology development into a series of in-depth reports on “Learning Pig Cycles” : From fruit products to the front, achieving sustained performance improvements. Through equity incentives, shareholders, shareholders are tied up.
A bottom-of-the-cycle view of breeding a stock layout.
It's a great service. It provides a holistic solution to the demands of the farm.
It is a deep clientele, and the Aquatic Animal Movement Service has fully organized distribution channels that are accurate and efficient in addressing the needs of the producers in the monthly pig farming industry, both in terms of data and in terms of the industry’s capacity to interpret them.
"Learning the Pig Cycle" series of evaluation report IX:2 Monthly pig farming companies show up data and feed end costs.
“Galactic Agriculture” series depth report X: Don ton feed target for five-year compound growth rate of 21 per cent; “Galactic Agriculture” series evaluation report XI: “Learn Pig Cycle” based on a multiplier of operational synergies
The company is an integrated firm of good industrial chains in the agricultural sector, with the feed business as the core building block, silting seedlings and dynamic conservation.
Together, and gradually developing farming, slaughtering, food processing, etc., to provide holistic solutions for farmers and to build a comprehensive core of competitiveness in the industrial chain. Companies actively expand their feed production capacity through self-building, cooperation, mergers, etc., towards the target of 40 million tons of feed for sale in 25 years, with a five-year compound increase of 21%.
In the first place, the size and quality of the product are ahead of the industry; the company will take advantage of shrimp seedlings and expand them to species such as fish, raw pigs, meat and poultry; new animal-movement service stations are starting to be set up and put into operation, and the Aquatic Conservation Service has accelerated its upgrading after the launch of the “Aquatic Age” brand, actively promoting the “Dry Station Project” to enhance customer stickyness through services.
We believe that companies’ performance can be sustained by a few goals, excellent management teams, and improved synergies. Markets generally see a tendency to weaken the company’s core business feed in the chain of farmed industries, ignoring any industry, or in a brutal stock competition, leading firms can gain a greater share of the market and can rely on their own managerial advantages.
In recognition of the changing trends in the industry, the company is proposing to use feed as its core business, to create an irreplaceable role in the industry in a combination of products and services, and to achieve customer stickyness. At the same time, the company is actively promoting the growth of feed production capacity, expansion of feed products (in the anti-fertilizer sector), and implementation of a fourth equity incentive.
The company’s main business is essentially feed, so we have selected those companies that earn more than 50% of their feed business, mainly four companies, including new hopes, rich shares, and so on. On the basis of the cut-off price of 10 May 2022, comparable companies are compared.
The average value of the pe in 2022 was 51 times (excluding negative values). After considering the trend towards higher rates of company feed, the high comparative advantage of the roe, good managerial competence and the multiplier advantage under multi-operational synergies, we gave the company 55 times the value of the pe in 2022, which was 80.3 dollars, to maintain the “recommended” rating.
Risks, climate change risks, exchange rate fluctuations, etc. First, feed is at the core, and products and services cover the entire industry chain.
In the course of the year, the company has grown into a high-quality farming industry with more than 300 molecular companies and more than 30,000 active employees. The company’s main operations include high-quality animal seedlings, feed, motor protection, and pig farming.
The Department has concentrated its share in biological products, veterinary medicines, vaccines, etc. needed for livestock and aquaculture. Mr. Xuehua, the de facto controlr, is also the president and general manager of the company, with a 21.7 per cent share.
In recent years, through the extension of the industrial chain, companies have gradually moved into the industrial sectors of farming, food processing, and so on.
The company now forms a relatively complete chain of aquaculture, and the livestock chain is being built. From the current strategic point of view, the company’s feed, seeding, and dynamic protection products are working together, with feed at its core, seeding, and seeding.
The combination of products and services around the chain of farming industries increases the benefits. High-quality seedlings and dependencies have created a strong incentive for feed sales, while the products have a competitive advantage for them.
Figure 2: Corporate business model 48,765 million yuan, 636.8 million yuan, 4,405 million yuan, 665 million yuan, equal to 25.09 per cent,
1.1963 million tons, of which 18.777 million tons were sold abroad, compared to 28 per cent; among them, poultry feed, pig feed and aquatic feed sales were the same as +11 per cent, +100 per cent, +21 per cent, respectively. A slight decline in the Māori rate of company feed operations in 21 years was supported by continued excellence and leadership.
The feed industry began to grow rapidly in the 1970s, as the national economy continued and rapidly developed. The latest global feed survey in Aotearoa estimated global feed production at 1,187.7 billion tons, or +1 per cent, for the year 2020; and China.
Forage production reached 250 million tons, a 5% increase, the world’s largest feed producer. Data from the Chinese Association of Feed Industry show that between 1990 and 2012, our feed production grew from 3194 million tons to 194.49 million tons, with an average annual compound growth rate of +8.56%. Since 2013, our feed industry has been growing at a slower rate.
The sales of company feed have increased significantly, with city share rising year by year. The sales of company feed have continued to grow, accounting for the largest share of company poultry sales in the category of 630 items in 2015 and the lower share of water products. The sales of company poultry, aquatic and pig feed in 2021 were 9.44 million tons, 4.67 million tons and 4.6 million tons, respectively, with city shares of 10.43 per cent, 23.73 per cent and 3.52 per cent, respectively.
According to the latest data of the Chinese Association of Feeding Industries, the total national production of 2022q1 tons of fodder was 67.2 million tons, compared to 3.1 per cent, ring to 14 per cent, and was at an overall high level since 2018; of this amount, 31.37 million tons, compared to 1.2 per cent, increased investment in and construction of the production capacity of existing superior feed products compared to 18 21 years, while taking advantage of the company ' s purchasing and research and development techniques
In terms of strategic objectives, the company plans to sell 40 million tons of feed in its core business in 2025 (including external sales and self-employment), and the company’s feed market has either increased significantly. (ii) Highroe reveals strong operations.
In 2021, under the influence of the production of pigs, Roe was a negative figure in the public sector, with the exception of big and big. At this level, companies continued to perform prominently in the industry, even if some of their business development was limited.
Industry leads, largely determining the company’s dominance, 2.6 times in 20, 21 years, and 2.72 times. We think that strong corporate efficiency is a strong support for its high performance. The key to operational efficiency is the strong synergy between its previous, medium, and backstage.
They all serve the efficiency of the company ' s operations and speed up asset turnover. Figure 18: Net interest rates on corporate sales are higher than the industry average. Figure 19: Corporate equity multipliers are lower than the industry average.
Apart from the advantage of the turnover rate of assets, the company’s accounts receivable is also of interest. Forage is mostly sold on credit. Sales are based on credit, and feed is taken away by the buyer after the purchase agreement between the feed company and the buyer.
The firm’s accounts receivable grew steadily at the end of 2016-21, at a rate of 21.29% at the end of 22q1, usually at a high rate in the first quarter of the year. The company’s ageing structure of accounts receivable is healthy, with the firm’s year-to-year share of accounts receivable since 2017 at a low point. The trend towards stable and positive indicators marks the sustainability of the firm’s strong operational capacity.
(iii) Per capita performance leads, corporate per capita performance industry leads, and feed-centred business systems sustain growth. Corporate per capita data are at the in-house level, and the two indicators of per capita income generation and per capita profitability are largely on the rise, reaching $2,298.8 million in 2020.
For $7.14 million and $7.43 million; but this value does not eliminate the increase in the number of employees involved in pig-breeding operations, so the value is still low. But even so, we can see that the company’s system of operations, with feed at its core, continues to grow.
In 2021, per capita wages amounted to $135.3 million, or +9.47 per cent, affecting, in part, the per capita wage and profit-making ratio. Efficient human resource use, taken together, was one of the strong competitive advantages of companies.
(i) The continued expansion of feed production, stock competition and the 18.7 million tons of feed sold by companies in 2021, while production was the second largest in the country's feed industry, continued to rise significantly.
In November 2009, for the first time, the company publicly released its stock and produced 1,761,200 tons of feed in the year. In May 2010, in order to accelerate the expansion of production capacity around Foshan, the company acquired three water sources in Fuoshan City.
100% shareholding in Qinling Feeds Ltd.: In the same month, the company acquired 40% of the share in each of the holding companies Zhejiang Sea and Fujian Sea Farm, thereby achieving 100% ownership by both companies. At the end of 2013, the company raised a total of $7,76.79 million in non-public fund-raising for the further deployment of feed products in the Huadong and Chinese districts, and invested in the pre-market development phase and into the construction plant.
In September 2017, the company further strengthened the layout of the northern pig feed market, completing a 60% equity acquisition of the Shandong Big News Company, Ltd., which achieved the first 10 million tons of feed production in 18 years. In March 2020, the public administration publicly issued a public convertable company bond to raise 15 feed-related projects, adding 102 feed-producing lines.
The company has been on the market since 2009, with a 10-fold increase in feed sales of 12 years, cagr + 21.8%. The country’s feed stock has been growing at a slower pace, with strong inter-firm competition.
This provides more market integration opportunities for more powerful firms. To meet the target of 40 million tons of fodder for the next five years, companies are actively expanding public technology procurement and information-based capabilities through self-construction, acquisition, leasing, etc., and achieving synergies between cooperative M & As. Companies are actively exploring intra-industry cooperation and M & As.
It is expected that these cooperative projects will lead to an improvement in business outcomes in about six months. The number of companies holding or participating in 21h1 companies has reached 21h1.
In 2020-2021, as a result of the new crown epidemic and the increase in agricultural prices, industrial integration accelerated, and companies were actively deployed at 8.7 million tons. Of these, new investments were made to build nearly 5 million tons of capacity, including all types of feed lines, with increased production of special aquatic shrimp.
Nearly 2 million tons long. The company absorbs, acquires and co-operates more than 30 additional feed plants, adding about 3.7 million tons of capacity, laying the groundwork for attaining the 40 million tons target. At present, we estimate that the company’s feed production capacity is about (ii) well-established in the interior, with strong synergies between the front and back.
Strong inter-firm back-office synergies are one of the company’s core competitiveness. In the back-office business, companies invest a significant amount of manpower and resources each year, including R & D, procurement, integrated operations, and information infrastructure development, to provide a robust R & D investment over the next five to ten years, compared to an average of $283 million in industry.
3049 persons, or +41% of the same year, or 9.09% of all employees (historical highs). During the same period, the number of company procurement warehousing staff rose to figure 33: R & D costs and share of the same industry in 2021. Companies have strong supply chain management and excellent procurement cost control.
The main varieties include wheat, maize, soybean, cuisine, fish flour, etc., and the energy mix consists mainly of electricity, coal, and natural gas. In 2020, the prices of raw materials continued to rise upstream, while the production costs of small and medium-sized feed companies increased significantly, but they helped to highlight the purchasing power and cost advantages that companies already have.
From a supply chain point of view, companies maintain good and stable cooperative relationships with four major food traders to guarantee supply chain flow. From a capacity point of view, companies continue to enhance the use of financial instruments and risk management to expand competitive advantages over industries.
The centre is used mainly to provide rapid insight into industry trends and to develop effective programme services for clients. These include changes in downstream farming conditions in the market segments, changes in customer demand, the status of SMEs in the market and the status of leading firms in the industry.
The focus of work is correctly guided in setting and planning business objectives, and the planning and thinking that have been given from the centre is being implemented. As a result, companies rapidly product backstage technology development through the center and place the company’s core procurement and information advantages in the front-office business, thereby achieving a sustained increase in revenue and performance.
Efficient synergy in the front and back is based, on the one hand, on excellent implementation of systems, rules, etc., and, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the subjective motivation of the entire process. Since listing, the company has implemented and successfully completed three phases of the equity incentive scheme.
The interests of East, corporate, and core employees are tied to fully mobilize the initiative and creativity of the core workforce of the company, striving to achieve the target scale and achieve a win-win win-win for shareholders, companies, and employees. (iii) Client thinking shifts towards a service-oriented advantage.
The company is positioned as a service provider and the marketing strategy is gradually shifting from the development of distributors to a client-oriented approach; its development focus can be summarized as “a holistic solution to the demand around the farm chain.” This includes, inter alia, the support of products and technical services such as seedlings - breeding model - environment control - disease control - feed - situational information - financial support.”
The company has a network effect and a confluence advantage in the co-operation of fodder, seedlings, veterinary medicines, vaccines, etc., and is attracting customers: at the same time, the client is growing with company support and empowerment, thus achieving long-term viability.
The group’s front-stage molecules are equipped with formulaists with a master’s or doctoral degree in nutrition.
At the end of the 21st year, the company’s research and development team had more than 700 Ph.D.s and Masters. The company’s research and development work was fast-changing, and investment packages were a bit fast-tracked, supporting the company’s product allocation.
Technical formulations covering more than 90% of the farm species, with thousands of comparative test results being added annually to the animal core nutritional needs and raw material utilization database.2 The service station model for aquatic livestock protection is focused on local marketing, with companies fully organizing distribution channels to address them efficiently.
As of 2021h1, the company has a team of nearly 8,000 technicians and has set up more than 60 service stations in the country’s intensive farming areas.
A variety of advanced farming models that combine local characteristics can provide technical services to tens of thousands of farm families at the same time. 1) The product and market service models under the Aquatic Maintenance Service Station model are relatively mature, supported by a strong team, and are well-established. Around 2012, companies introduced a dynamic GMC brand based on a pro-cooperative service orientation, offering high value for money to help them open up quickly.
Markets. In 2020, to address the profitability of core distributors in the field of aquaculture insurance, the company introduced a new brand of the Water Age and tightened market price control and management: currently in the early stages of development, but the profitability contribution has increased significantly.) In the case of livestock maintenance service stations, livestock demand is high, mainly from non-pestile households.
The company will focus on increasing livestock conservation products and rapidly building up thousands of professional animal service teams: on the basis of products and personnel, it will provide professional preventive, diagnostic, pharmaceutical and post-sale services to farmers, further improving their profitability and their consistency with corporate products and services.
The company uses the feed business as its core, seeding and maintenance business as its twin wings to protect its client's whole-breeding industry chain. Through the gradual deployment in recent years of high-quality aquaculture seedlings, aquatic conservation products, livestock vaccines, veterinary medicine, pig production, etc., the business chain of the company's livestock industry has become more and more well-established.
At the same time, on the basis of the formulae, service station models, etc., a combination of strong back-office synergies in the front and center, the Department’s industrial chain multiplier effects have been further magnified, and the company’s future performance can grow over time. Companies are integrated into good industrial chains in the agricultural sector, with feed operations as the core building block and seedlings and kinetic protection.
Together, and gradually developing farming, slaughtering, food processing, etc., to provide holistic solutions for farmers and to build a comprehensive core of competitiveness in the industrial chain. Companies actively expand their feed production capacity through self-building, cooperation, mergers, etc., towards the target of 40 million tons of feed for sale in 25 years, with a five-year compound increase of 21%.
In the first place, the size and quality of the product are ahead of the industry; the company will take advantage of shrimp seedlings, extend them to species such as fish, raw pigs, meat, poultry, and actively promote the 1,000-stop scheme to enhance customer stickyness through services. Building on the firm’s clear strategic objectives, excellent management teams, improved synergies, etc., we believe that the company’s subsequent performance is achievable.
The company’s main business is feed, so we have selected those companies that earn more than 50% of their feed business to make a relative valuation, including mainly four companies, such as New Hope, Richmand, and others. On the basis of the collection on 10 May 2022, the average value of a comparable company (out of four) was 51 times the average in 2022 (out of negative values).
Roe’s high comparative advantage, good managerial competence, and multiplier advantage under multi-operational synergies, we gave the company 55 times the value of 80.3 dollars in 2022, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Risk of large fluctuations in the prices of major raw materials: raw material for feed is mainly a variety of large agricultural products, in maize, soybeans, and soybeans.
Domestic and international markets for agricultural products have been closely linked in recent years, with a number of factors influencing agricultural prices, which in turn have an impact on feed and farm costs. If companies fail to keep abreast of changes in feed raw materials in time and to manage procurement strategies and risk controls in a timely manner, there is a risk that the combined procurement costs will rise.
Risks of climate change: The feed industry mainly serves downstream farming, where abnormal changes in weather, rain, typhoons, etc., can occur in the form of farming bars, fluctuations in the number of ponds and even outbreaks of disease on a scale that affects the demand for fodder.
Risks of animal disease: As the environment changes and the farming industry expands, it also occurs, for example, with the outbreak of the African swine plague, which began nationwide in August 2018, and with the effects of such diseases as the “blue ear virus” in recent years, the “ems disease” in shrimp farming and the “h7n9 virus” in poultry, which directly inhibits farming in the short term.
Demand for fodder; major animal disease can also frustrate the demand for end-uses, leading to a gradual decline in livestock production, which in turn has an adverse impact on the demand for feed and on the production operations of feed companies.
On the other hand, the company’s business in pig farming and so on, price changes can have a direct impact on the company’s performance. The risk of policy change: a series of environmental regulations introduced by the state in recent years that prohibit pollution prevention in livestock farming.
Environmental policy implementation has not only accelerated the withdrawal of farmers, reduced poor and small-scale production capacity, and continued expansion of small-scale farming capacity and improved farming structure.
Adjustments are bound to have a profound impact on the existing production capacity of the feed industry, market share, pricing capacity, business model, etc. The risk of exchange rate fluctuations: globalized procurement of feed raw materials has become the norm, companies are investing abroad and operating abroad are expanding rapidly, and the scale of cross-border financial settlements and stock of overseas assets have increased significantly, involving a number of countries involved.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration is over.
Experiences, in-depth studies of pig cycles, sugar cycles, etc., are good at industrial analysis and have solid stock-selection capabilities.