The price of the fabric continues to be explored, and the structural advantage of the product is stagnated.
> Crude: 23q4 unit net ring ratio continues to fall, but is expected to decline less than the industry (1) unit price, with 23q4 national average sales of 2400tex entangled in direct veils at $3232/(2), and 23q4 end-of-cycle inventory at 84.26 million tons and ring at the end of 23q3
We expect that the sales rate of the company will be higher than q3. (3) On the profit side, 23q4 deducts net gain of $236 million not attributable to the mother, and given that 23q4 deductibles have decreased by 33.3 per cent (which is expected to be partly affected by exchange gains and losses), we still estimate that the single ton deductible is below the net gain of 23q3.
Lower. As low- and medium-end fibre prices continue to decline, we expect that q4 companies will lose a single ton of non-net interest significantly less than other firms in the industry, mainly because of the structural advantage of the product.
Electronics: The industry is still in a state of significant loss, with concern for the anticipated cutbacks in production of other enterprises \triangleright, which is subject to two rounds of price increases, but subject to end demand and other factors. The supply pattern of the industry is not large in 2023.
E-Breathing 7628, with equally modest new supply projected for 2024, with large losses in the industry except for the giant stones, and concerns about the expected cutbacks of smaller and more costly businesses in other units of kilns. The tarmac is still in the grinding phase, and attention is being paid to the progress of the photovolt project from certification to downstream assembly plant distribution.
1. China’s Great Stone (600176.sh) 3-quarter 2023 report points, demand-side, photovolt certification accelerating and expected. Looking forward to the needs of the downstream industry in 2024, it is expected to work with macroeconomics.
Remark: Increased competition at the bottom of the bra industry, higher prices for electronic fabrics The more connected areas are still at the grinding stage, wind bidding continues to increase at a high rate, anticipation of transmission to additional loads, photovoltage conditions - 2023/10/24
Combined material border 23q4 certification is accelerating, and we expect the 2024 PV to be in its immediate stages, with attention to downstream groups: profit slightly higher than performance reports, bottom of industry waiting to be caught, 2 production lines (200,000 tons + 150,000 tons for Chongqing International), cold repair of 2 production lines, cold repair of 3 production lines, supply
3. China ' s Great Stone (600176.sh) semi-annual 2023 pressure was significantly lower than 2021-2022, judging mainly from the domestic and external macro-environmental impacts, the price of the fibre-optic industry, and the one-ton surplus.
We are counting potential productive capacity in 2024, including 100,000 tons in the first term, 10,000 tons in the second term, and 120,000 tons in the second term in the second term, with an additional capacity of 870,000 tons in the second term, but given that the current industry ' s profitability in the bottom of the 2023 period is slower than expected, the pace of production in 2024 is likely to be slower than expected.
A combination of short-term braid prices still needs to be sharpened, with the bottom stage focusing on the supply side of the industry (low product structure, costly backward output exit) and the expansion of the business edge of the head enterprise (high- and medium-end “troika” product structure continues to rise, with zero carbon bases leading the world).
q4 performances met expectations, with 23 years of twirling fundamentals improving seasonally \triangleright \twilight \twirring: 1 \twirty is still at the grinding stage, with attention to the supply side of the industry and the expansion of the business advantage of the head,2
Focusing on other business cut-off expectations, with the zero-carbon base leading the world, it is expected that it will constitute a new cost-leading advantage. \triangleright’s methodological and analytical logic will lead to conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.