On 20 March 2024, Mr. Zhang Xiangqiang, founder of Provincial Business, resigned as Managing Director and appointed Mr. Yang Kuming as the new Managing Director of the company.
Continuing to hold positions as Vice-Chairman of the Corporation and as a board of directors will continue to play a role in the strategic management of the Company’s board of directors and in decision-making on important matters. Crude: price stability is emerging, and the bottom is concerned with changes in the supply side of the industry and the expansion of the dominant advantage of business.
During the reporting period, the company sold 24,814 tons of fibres and products (+17.6 per cent of the same year) and earned $14,423 million.According to this, the price of the company ' s fibres and products amounted to $5,336 (US$-2009, assuming 100 million m of electronic veil sales).
The research assistant, Zhao Jing, has adjusted it. From a demand perspective, it is expected that the areas more linked to macroeconomics are still in the grinding phase, and wind and wind calls continue.
High speed of increase, expectation of transmission to additional loads, accelerated progress of photovoltaic composites bordering 23q4 certification (fragile profitability of component plants, or promising to accelerate downswing measures), 2 supply angle, light supply in 2023, focus on potential production in 2024, and speed of release or possibly later than expected.
E-Burn: the industry is in a state of long-term loss, and prices are in a state of elasticity during the year.
In the reporting period, the company sold 836 million metres (+19.1% of the year) of fibres and products.
The price of fibres continues to be explored, and the product structure advantage component 7628 is about 3.68 m/m/year, corresponding to -0.38 m/m (-95.5%) since 22q1-q2 and is expected to be equally low in new supply in 2024, with large losses in the industry except for the rock, and attention is paid to the rules for other units of kilns.
3. China ' s Great Stone (600176.sh) tri-quarterly reporting point in 2023. Small-model and high-cost firms have made progress in cutting production, such as 50,000 tons of electronic veils on the 50,000th-year line in the city of Taipo this year.
Looking ahead, in 2024, we expect more elastic prices for electronic fabrics, focusing on the improvement in the start-up rate of downstream pcb manufacturers (improved consumption of electronics, ai-la-counting requirements) and the shutdown of other businesses. The net interest rate for Egypt’s base is higher than for the company as a whole: in 12022, the total cost rate for the company period was 10.93%, compared with the corresponding rate.
A little higher than a fast-tracked profit, low-level industry, low-level performance announcement: clear bottom profile, wind demand drive, Egypt's subsidiary revenue of $1.52 billion in 32023, net profit of $340 million, net interest rate of 22.38 per cent, higher than corporate integrity.
Investment recommendations: a steady trend towards industry supply-side clean-up and the expansion of the business advantage of headlines, \triangleright 2 e-broadcasts focus on progress in cutting production by other firms, with price elasticity during the year and a 30-per-cent carbon base leading the world, hopefully
It constitutes a new round of cost-leading advantage,4 with a strong focus on the progress of the photovoltaic project from certification to downstream component plant distribution. We expect the company to return $23.48, 30.71 and 3,629 million in net profit for 2024-2026, respectively, at the current price, based on the methodological and analytical logic of each, to draw conclusions, present the present report independently and objectively, and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.