China Stone (600176.sh): Provincial Dragon Head, January 30, 2024.
China's Great Stone is the leader of the global bobble industry, and the company's cost is excellent. The net profit is 2,975 million yuan to 3,305 million yuan, a 50 to 55 per cent reduction in the same year.
The continued decline in product prices has led to a sharp decline in net profits. The price of the fibre optics has been falling since the beginning of 2023.
In December 2023, the average price fell by 20.56% compared to the same period last year, according to the average price of the tracker ' s 2400-tex products: Shandong, Tarzan, and Chongqing. In the event of a low and persistent decline in the real estate sector, the related demand was affected, adding up to the previous period ' s production capacity.
The impact, both supply and demand, is rapidly deteriorating. Not only will the level of corporate operating income be affected, but the level of corporate profitability will continue to be affected in the fourth quarter of 2023, with the overall business landscape at historically low levels.
The company, as the leader of the industry, has an advantage in size and cost. The company ' s net profit rate remains 24.27% higher in the third quarter of 2023, when the industry is depressed.
Two other listed companies, Shandong Bif (a three-quarter net profit rate of 6.38%) and International Reciprocal Materials (a three-quarter profit level would be worse, which would further increase the industry’s success and weakness, favouring changes in the industry’s supply authority, and contributing to an increase in the company’s market share.
In 2023, sales of corporate products continued to grow significantly in the face of weak demand in the industry. The fabric of the company’s products was optimized, with elasticity in the productivity of the city’s growth rate.
The product structure, from the thermally fixed rough sands and thermoplastics to the world's highest in electronic kips, continues to raise the weight of high wind veils, lfts and clrts, ultra thin fabrics, etc. and accelerates product upgrading, with "cfrt thermal pre-breathing with glass fibres" breaking the international monopoly.
As a firm of building materials, as a result of the presentation of market value assessment criteria by the National Investment Commission, improvements in valuation levels and company fundamentals would be beneficial.
Optimization of the product structure and the increase in the city’s share have given companies new development space and elasticity in their performance, maintaining the Division’s “strongly recommended” rating.
China Stone (600176.sh): The bottom of the Provincial Dragon Head industry breeds new changes, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
China Stone (600176.sh): The bottom of the Provincial Dragon Head industry breeds new changes.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
China Stone (600176.sh): The bottom of the Provincial Dragon Industry breeds new changes and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objective and fair information, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.