The growth rate at the end of the four seasons is steady, and the revenue from fees is driven by the management of income.
In 2020, the firm actively supported the real economy, with credit-scaled assets increasing rapidly, and credit-scale and retail loans increasing even further.
The year-on-year rate of increase was 0.8 percentage points to 5.84 per cent, a small increase over the previous three quarters. The split shows a smooth growth in revenue generation and an optimal negative structure. Net interest income increased by 3.74 per cent and fee income increased by 29.65 per cent.
This increase is due mainly to the fact that the company continued to increase its countercyclical currency adjustment rate by 10 per cent at the 4-degree rate. This increase is due mainly to the fact that the company continued to increase its counter-requirement at the 4-degree rate, with an annualized credit cost of 3.67 per cent at the 4-degree rate (vs3-pm, 1.63 per cent). The 2.25 per cent net interest differential in 2020 was a decline of 8bp compared to that of the People ' s Bank, leading to a drop in the lpr interest rate and a drop in the asset-end rate of return that was greater than the cost of the liability. In 2020, the company ' s yield fell by 23bp compared to that of the total asset, with a drop of 24bp in the return on loans and a reduction in asset-end earnings that was greater than the cost of the liability (14bp) and a steady increase in the retail transition. In 2020, the Bank took the initiative to increase credit lending, which was significantly faster than the 16.96 per cent increase in total asset by the end of 2020.
The growth rate (+10.31%, yoy) was between 227 percentage points and 44.7% of loans, and the credit structure actively pursued the strategic objective of “retailing banks”, with retail loans increasing by 5.52 percentage points to 42.6% on the same basis. At the end of the debt line, the debt structure was adjusted in good time in 2020. The savings increased by 7.66% in the same year, significantly less than the credit growth rate.
By the end of 2020, the share of savings in the stock market was 69.6 per cent, a slight decrease of 1.98 percentage points from the previous year. The negative accounting link followed the asset quality performance. In terms of asset quality, the negative value of the stock market at the end of the four seasons was 1.31 per cent and the 2bp at the end of the four seasons, an increase of 6bp from the same year. We believe that the poor upturn in the books of the firm was related to the impact of the 2020 epidemic on the real economy.
The exposure of risky clients to credit risks puts a strain on the quality of the assets. According to bad findings, the percentage of non-performing loans in 2020 was 63.3%, up by almost 10 percentage points from the end of the six-month period. Structurally, the farmers’ comptoirs were affected by the epidemic in 2020, mainly by the same rate of poor public lending, while retail sales continued to improve at a lower level.
There is a steady recovery, and the company’s asset quality pressure is expected to slow down, focusing on the quality of the company’s assets by hundreds of millions of yuan, which is 5.17 times the size of the write-off in 2019. There has been a marked decline in the provision coverage of the farmers’ comptoirs, which was 314.95 per cent at the end of the four seasons, a decrease of 65.4 per cent over the same period, and 44.1 per cent over the same period.
Financial regulation is overstretched by the economy, and Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
A smooth increase in revenue and a rapid increase in revenue from fees The four-quarter improvement in business performance in the agricultural comptoirs has led to a small increase of 0.8 percentage points to 5.84 per cent in year-on-year revenue over the previous three quarters The split shows a 3.74 per cent increase in net interest income and a 29.65 per cent increase in revenue from fees. The rapid increase in revenue from fees is attributable to the heavy farm base.
On the basis of a strong retail business base, the rapid increase in revenue from the administration of financial fees led to an increase in fees by 1.89 percentage points to 10.3 per cent over the same period of time, with the company ' s net profits falling by 13.9 per cent over the year (vs compared to 10 per cent in the previous three quarters), an increase mainly due to a 2.25 per cent net interest gap between the farmers ' comptoirs and a decrease of 8bp over the same period, mainly the People ' s Bank ' s Bank ' s increase in counter-cyclical adjustments and the introduction of the lpr rate down.
A lower rate of return on corporate assets is greater than the cost of the end of the liability. In 2020, the rate of return on corporate interest-bearing assets fell by 23bp on a year-on-year basis, with loans dropping by 24bp on a year-on-year basis and asset end earnings dropping by more than the cost of the liability (14bp).
By 2020, as the largest financial institution in Chongqing, the Bank of Trade and Agriculture had consistently adhered to the requirements of the real economy, and had actively pursued its financial policies to support the real economy. By the end of 2020, credit assets had increased by 16.96 per cent over the same period, with a clear increase in the share of retail loans by 5.52 percentage points to 42.6 per cent over the same period.
The debt structure was adjusted in good time by 2020. The increase in savings was 7.66% over the year, which was significantly less than the credit increase. This was mainly due to the firm ' s pressure on high-cost deposits in 2020, while the firm ' s downside trend in market interest rates in 2020 increased the allocation of inter-occupational liabilities and achieved a steady decline in the cost of debt.
By the end of 2020, the share of savings in the debt was 69.6 per cent, a slight decrease of 1.98 percentage points from the previous year.
We believe that the poor upswing in the company’s books is related to the impact of the 2020 epidemic on the real economy, and that the exposure of individual high-risk clients to credit risks puts pressure on the quality of the assets. In terms of bad findings, the percentage of loans/deprived loans that were over 90 days overdue was 63.3% in 2020, up by almost 10 percentage points at the end of the second half of the year.
Agricultural comptoirs were affected by the epidemic in 2020 mainly by an upturn in the same rate of poor public lending, with an increase of 25 bp to 1.94% in the same year, while retail sales continued to improve at a lower level, falling by 10 bp to 0.61% in the same year. Looking ahead, with a steady recovery in the economy, the expected weight pressure on the company’s assets will slow the margins and focus on the follow-up of the company’s asset quality.
Transfer of $10.5 billion, or 5.17 times the size of the write-off in 2019. A significant decrease in the coverage of the provision was recorded at the end of the quarter, which was 314.95 per cent, or 65.4 per cent, compared to the end of the quarter, but the absolute level of the provision remained at the level of the banks listed.
Actively supporting the real economy, the size of credit drives a rapid increase in the size of the assets, the size of credit and the share of retail loans. In terms of asset quality, the impact of the 2020 epidemic on the real economy has resulted in an upturn in the books of the farmers’ comptoirs, which are structured mainly to increase the credit risk of public credit.
Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. Macro economic development affects the performance of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the asset quality of the banking sector.
Under the 2020 epidemic, supervision guided banks to make a profit for the real economy, and it is expected that the 2021 economic development policy will continue, but if interest rate regulation or the supermarket for profit policy is expected, it will affect the bank’s profitability performance.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)