The difference is the first to expand the space for adjustment, and a detailed reading of Ningpo Bank's three-quarter report of 2020, October 29th, 2020.
On October 28, the company released its third quarterly report for 2020. The net return profits of the company increased by 5.22% over the previous three quarters, down by one step from 14.60% in the first half of the year.
23.40%. The temporary decline in the perceived profit growth rate has had little impact on the value increase. On the contrary, the company’s three-quarters report shows that the impact of the epidemic has been absorbed and that the company’s real profitability has improved.
For the second consecutive quarter, the company’s net interest differential increased. The accumulated net interest differential for the first three quarters was 1.86%, up 8bp from 1.78% in the first half of the year. We estimate that the single-season net interest margin ratio increased by 23bp, with interest-bearing asset yields increasing by 14bp and interest-bearing liability costs dropping by 8bp. The company invested in restructuring the asset liability in the third quarter.
At the end of the liability, the amount of active liability has increased and reduced interest payments.
The company has absorbed the credit risks associated with the epidemic and expanded the scope for adjustment. The profit growth rate in the first three quarters was lower than in the first half of the year, mainly because of a phased reduction in the resilience of the company’s provision to profits.
• Future asset expansion is expected to support growth in revenue, and a small decline in corporate revenue growth is mainly due to non-recurrent factors. After a first-quarter boom in non-interest income, two to three seasons, with bond interest rate v rebounding, fair value gains and losses will decline in their marginal contribution to revenue collection.
After the firm’s fixed growth in the second quarter of this year, the core-level capital replenishment rate at the end of the third quarter is still 9.37%. It is very much to be expected that capital will be released in the future and that asset expansion will accelerate.
• Investment proposals: keep the company's fundamentals in mind and maintain the “recommend” rating. The company showed excellent rates of profit repair in the third quarter. Given the industry-specific profit adjustment factor in the second half of the year, we lower the company's profit growth forecast, but keep optimistic about the growth of performance in the following year.
1. Ningbo Bank (002142): Double-digit revenue performance has increased and hidden adverse pressures have decreased.
2. Ningpo Bank (002142): Increases in fixed reserves to replenish capital First, interest differentials to expand the space available to adjust 1. Decline in profit rate does not affect the logic of valuation upscaling
On October 28, the company released its three-quarters report for 2020. In the first three quarters, the net profit return of the company grew by 5.22% over the same period, downing a step from 14.60% in the first half of the year. In the first three quarters, the company’s operating income grew by 18.42% over the same period, and grew by 23.40% in the first half of the year.
So the temporary decline in the perceived rate of profit will have little impact on the value increase. On the contrary, the company’s three-quarters report shows that the impact of the epidemic has been absorbed, and that the company’s real profitability has improved.
Ningpo Bank's cumulative annualized weights of roe and roa 2, net interest differentials have continued to grow, with individual lending rising faster by 8 bp. We estimate that the single-season net rate differential ratio has increased by 23 bp, with interest-bearing asset returns increasing by 14 bp, interest-bearing
The cost of the liability fell by 8 bp. The company invested in adjusting the asset liability structure in the third quarter. At the asset end, the company seized the consumption trend of the epidemic, released credit lines accumulated in the first half of the year, invested heavily in high-yield personal loans, compressed low-yield instruments, discounted. Individual loan rings increased by 17.75% at the end of the season, and bill discounts dropped by 21.51%.
Loan interest rates may still be in decline in the third quarter, but the effect of the replacement of the corporate lending structure on the increase in earnings has been offset by the downside of the loan interest rate, which also reflects the market-based approach of the company’s business operations. At the end of the debt, active debt levels have increased, prices have decreased, and interest expenditures have been reduced. While deposit pricing remains rigid, the company has accelerated the reduction of some of the high-cost personal savings.
This provides a sound basis for a follow-on deposit adjustment structure.3 The recovery of the provision coverage, the expansion of the provision adjustment space, has absorbed the credit risk associated with the epidemic and the return to normality of asset quality, thus increasing the scope for the provision adjustment.
But if the anti-breeding effort is maintained, the company’s profits will continue to grow in double digits without too much pressure. A similar situation occurred in 2017, when the growth in revenue fell to a single number as soon as possible, but the company increased profits by adjusting the provision.
Four, the future expansion of assets is expected to support the growth of revenue, and a small decline in corporate revenue growth is largely due to non-recurrent factors.
In the second and second seasons, fair value gains and losses have declined in their marginal contribution to revenue collection as bond interest rate type V rebounds. In the first quarter of this year, following the growth in the volume of capital, asset growth has remained stable with the industry in the second and third quarters, so scale growth has increased the price of revenue.
Future asset expansion is expected to continue to support faster growth. After the firm’s firm’s firm’s fixed growth in the second quarter of this year, the core-level capital adequacy rate reached 9.98% at the end of the second quarter.
The potential for profitable growth is not negligible. The future of releasing capital and accelerating asset expansion is very much to be expected. And companies have a strong pricing capacity, strong lending and interest spreads have led to counter-market rises.
Figure 11: Capital adequacy at all levels of Bank Ningbo II. Keep a “recommended” rating of the company, which shows excellent rates of profit recovery in three quarters. Companies are marketed with significant characteristics and short-term lower profit growth rates
As one of the best asset-quality listed banks, the company is expected to take the lead in addressing the risks involved in the recovery phase and to emerge from the competition. Given the industry-specific profit adjustment factor in the second half of the year, we lower the company’s profit growth forecast, but we are optimistic about the growth of our performance in the coming year.
The second impact of the Ningpo Bank pb-band epidemic, which ends with the loan extension policy in the first quarter of next year, is summarized in the company ' s financial statement data forecast.
Work experience in leasing, private fund-raising, securities and banking. Has been involved in research in finance, domestic electricity and the coloured sector. Has worked in the Bank of China, joined the author in 2019 with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from a compliance channel. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.