The semi-annual 2021: Performance exceeded our expectations, differences, chemical products represented a strong growth momentum, Zhang Jiaxuan
Achieving a net return to the mother, 425 million yuan, an increase of 188.86 per cent in the same year, and a deduction of the non-return to the mother, 411 million yuan, an increase of 191.46 per cent in the same year. Performance is slightly higher than we expected.
As a result of the epidemic, the base figure was lower during the same period in the previous year, with company q1 receipts and net returns to mothers of 259 million yuan and 171 million yuan, representing an increase of 227.52 per cent and 296.50 per cent, respectively, respectively. q2 quarter, corporate camp, 144.38 per cent. Sub-products, according to the company's disclosure caliber, 1) income from the operations of the solution injection product
They believe that they are mainly contributing to the "Hi" (Hitty Ceck 1.5+2.5, Panda needles) and that they are benefiting mainly from the continued penetration of the neck-clip therapy and the high growth in the listing of Panda needles. 2) The gel injection product camp earned $148 million, an increase of 57.39 per cent, a Māori rate of 93.31 per cent and an increase of 2.57 pct, an increase of 2.57 per cent.
Products include, inter alia, "Effie/Emifell" and "Bonida" . We believe that, with higher unit prices for panda needles, Bonida, etc., the rapid growth in corporate revenue and the increase in the Māori rate have been driven. The scale effect has been significant, and net interest rate levels have continued to rise.
The rate of increase, mainly due to the increase in the Māori rate and the decrease in the cost rate under the scale effect, continued to increase the net interest rate. On the cost rate, the increase in the number of sales workers required for the marketing of new products resulted in a 9.72 per cent sales cost, a small decrease of 0.03 ptt over the same period; and the administrative cost rate, due to the significant advantages of the scale effect
The new product was introduced in the second half of the year and continued to be enriched in the research pipeline: the company's new product, the "child" needle, was officially approved by Nmpa in the day of June 25 and commercialized in July. The product was the first in the world to contain a microball of left-wing yogic acid-ethanol co-polymer.
Sodium translucent acid gel, a long-acting skin filler with "immediate filling + regenerative glue" with a view to opening up high-end markets. In addition, the company is working on a rich product line and has already been clinically tested for curing urinate gel, which has been shrunk in the back of the hips, with a type of botulinum toxin in a clinical trial stage ii.
Lilarusium injection is in clinical trial I, with facial implants, transparent acidases, deoxychotic drugs (lipid needles), lidocainca caratain mammolysis, etc.
A rich product line will continue to strengthen the company’s role as a light doctor. The needle is approved, the country’s production is a light doctor’s role as a lead.
2021-06-27: 25.4% shareholding of the Korean company huonsbio, further increasing certainty of botulinum products
Quarterly review: collection + 227 per cent, net profit + 296 per cent, overperformance, post-influension All-East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.