Hi, Panda needles are growing high, rate optimization is driving up net interest rates. Emmett (300896.sz) event: company reported 2021H1 with revenues of $633 million for the reporting period, an increase of 161.9 per cent.
The net profit on the return of the mother is $425 million, an increase of 188.9 per cent, and the net profit on the deduction is $411 million, the same amount. The company’s revenue performance is higher than expected, mainly because of the sale of liquid injection products such as the Hive, Panda needles, etc.
The rapid growth of injection products such as Hib, Panda needles, and Bonida led to more than a doubling of income.
During the first half of the year, the Division achieved income of 476 million yuan, an increase of 230.4 per cent, compared with the income of Li Xing, who gained a high rate of growth; (2) Panda and Bubble needles were not promoted at the end of the same period last year.
Incubation of panda needles accelerated in the first half of the year. The company achieved $148 million in gel products in the first half of the year, an increase of 57.4 per cent, or 23.4 per cent, and its main growth driver was the Bonida product, which benefited from the increased heat in the market for long-acting anti-cancer products, and the product became safe nine years after its launch.
Better certification, targeting of the value market, and rapid growth during the reporting period. In addition, other company products generated $8.83 million, an increase of 155 per cent, mainly as a result of improved epidemics and improved cosmetics, better product structure leading to higher Māori rates, better management rates and lower financial rates.
Interest rates have risen significantly. The company’s Māori rate rose from 3.0 pct to 93.2% in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of a high Māori ratio, with the Māori rate rising in the first half of the year for solution injection products, mainly because of higher prices for panda needles than high prices and better rates for gels;
Injecting products in the first half of the year, the Māori rate rose by 2.6 pct, mainly because Bonida was a high-end company product, with a Māori rate higher than that of other gel injection products.
Modular effects; financial rates of 4.2 per cent, 3.9 pct lower than the same period in the previous year, mainly due to increased interest income from the financing belt, leading poles and flying by industry; in addition, the corporate income tax rate for the first half of the year was 14.6 per cent, compared to the same period in the previous year.
Emmett (300896.sz): To invest in huonsbio, to join forces, to make needles available during the day, and the multi-product layout will be ready.
Coercion to develop 2021.06 Litivation data, 27.2% marketed in 2020 for transparent sodium sodium acid injection products.
As a first step, the market's share is 14.3% in monetary terms, and it's expected to increase even further, along with the tops, panda needles and multi-applied disorders, which are well promoted and cost-effective.
The original regenerative product became a new anti-degenerative show, the company started the product with a center-axis-plastic competition, and it is expected that the product line will be replenished to its market share. At the same time, the company actively distributes the products of botulinum toxin (Ping Bed 3 test) and Lilalu selenium (Clinical 1 test) to open the horizon.
Growing ceilings. In general, the company has a rich stock of products, insists on direct marketing, and is expected to continue to lead the fast-growing medical-American market with marketing models backed by Sinda Securities.
I don't know, cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 1, 9 West End Street, Beijing.
\triangleright cat needles, Bonidas, etc., are over-expected, drop needles on the ground during the daytime, keep the product matrix constant and have plenty of future product stocks, and maintain the "buy-in" rating.
Risk factors: high-level sales fall short of expectations; industry demand deteriorates; policy regulatory risks, etc. \triangleright Lee , Master of Financial Studies in Consumer Products, University of Gangan, three years of experience in research in consumer goods, and in 2020, joining the Sinda Portfolio for cosmetics & medical beauty
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.