The gel product is growing rapidly: 1h21 solution, represented by hives.
“Accelerator” was officially approved, “America’s Growth” added new impetus – America’s Review”, 2021.6.28 The growth of neck-tied products continues to be high, and panda needles exceed expectations. gel injection products earn 150 million dollars.
The acquisition of 25 per cent of huonsbio shares, which began overseas (+57.4 per cent), continued to grow at a fast pace, with the continued improvement in business efficiency and increased profitability: 1h21 Māori up by 3 pct to 93.3 per cent, and sales
3. "A little over-expected performance, high-volume growth - Amy - to 7.0 per cent; of this, the q2 Māori ratio continues to rise by 3.4 pct, mainly due to the high-speed panda needles, and so on. "Engine over-exploitation, self-research + investment in productive output."
So, sales rate increases of 1.4 pc are mainly due to the continued expansion of the sales team, management/research and development rates are down at various levels - E.M.A., 2021.2.9.
The new one, "Back day" , is expected to be released in the second half of the year: the comb needle, "Back day" was officially approved in June, and the product has two major advantages compared to the traditional compost: (a) it is simple and does not require any resolutory immediate injection; (b) it enhances the efficiency of the service and the doctor.
It is expected that the follow-up product, with its hard product power and strong company marketing capacity, will become the first heavy-pound phenomenon-grade product in the regenerative material compartment. As we look at the company’s core product, and the high panda needles, continue to be released, folding the next half of the year.
Product R & D is not as fast as expected; increased competition in the market for bouriate products has led to the risk of a fall in net interest rates; market expansion has not been as high as expected; and company performance reported in 2021 has grown faster than expected.
The company’s core product is in a fast-disbursing period, and the gel product continues to grow at a high rate. In 2021, semi-annually, the company achieved operating income of $633 million, an increase of 161.87 per cent over the same period, and net repatriation, an increase of 191.46 per cent over the same period.
The continued high profile of 2021q2 and the continued over-exploitation of panda needles have led to an upward trend in corporate performance over the current period, with firm and moderate financial indicators, downward trends in sales and management costs, and business.
Improved efficiency and increased profitability: The mid-2021 report showed that the overall Māori ratio of companies remained at around 93 per cent, with a slight downside trend in R&D and management costs compared to 2020, with a slight increase in sales rates mainly due to sales groups
In the second half of the year, the coronary needle was officially approved in June, and the core ingredient, plla, is an tissue regenerative refill that is compatible with the human body and capable of decomposition.
Biocompatibility and degradability are self-decompatible in the body. Products have two major advantages in comparison to traditional paint needles: 1 is simple and does not require immediate injection, and improves the efficiency of the service and the doctor. 2. Fill immediately: Combination transparent acids are filled immediately with the pre-filling effect.
The follow-up product is expected to be regenerative, with the strength of the hard product and the company’s ability to market it. The puppies are sold in Taiwan, Hong Kong, and the domestic water market is very uneven, and as medical regulations become more stringent, they love the United States.
Compliance enterprises represented by clients are expected to obtain a larger market share.