The Sini Mountain Signals are covered for the first time by Emmett (300896.sz).
Social services/medically fine needle-type products forged into brand barriers to ensure high performance growth 24 August 2021
Corporate income, net profits, and cash flows have been growing at a very high rate. The market penetration rate of the company’s main products has increased further. By working with health institutions in depth, the company’s products have become increasingly recognized at the end.
During the reporting period, the Ministry obtained a certificate of registration for iii medical equipment products, with seven products received by the company up to the present date.
Market data: Certificate of registration of the National Drug Control Authority, 23 August 2021. In order to advance the capital strategy, the company initiated the distribution of h-share shares.
Highest/lowest in the year: Listed at Hong Kong United Exchange Ltd., where a successful company is expected to become the first circulating a/total equity (billions):
There is a large space for medical and American consumption, which is characterized by high unit prices and high repurchase rates. The company has now forged brand barriers through needle-type products to keep it high (in millions of dollars):
Panda needles, panda needles, mammoth needles, a type of meat poisons, and a live-bubble needles with a clear product matrix to consolidate the needle's longline status.
Investment proposals: In recent times, eight ministries have jointly issued a programme of work to combat illegal medical beauty services; in the case of securitization products that have been submitted to and submitted for new listings of consumer financial assets, it is prohibited to add new assets related to “medical and American consumer finance” to the pool.
The future is still expected to be one of the best consumer finance scenes in the future, and it's good for the industry.
1. The company ' s performance increased in mid-2021, and during the reporting period it maintained a high rate of growth in revenue, net profits and cash flows. The market penetration rate of the company ' s main products increased further.
During the reporting period, the company’s new condensed left-story-transparent sodium acid gel (upgraded by day, with an upgraded foreign coronary) obtained a certificate of registration for medical appliances of the iii type, with seven products registered by the National Drug Control Authority (NDSA).
In order to further advance and enhance the company’s strategic positioning for internationalization, to consolidate and maintain its corporate leadership in the industry, companies intend to use over-funds of about 886 million yuan to raise capital and buy Korean huonsbiopharmaco., Ltd., 25.4%.
Huonsglobal is a well-known Korean pharmaceutical and medical equipment company, with well-known products such as the Hutox Botox DeMartha Aquatic Injector, and the Ali Viperuric Acid, with 120 million yuan in 2020, a net profit of 28 million yuan, a net profit of 34 million yuan and a net profit of 8.6 million yuan in 21q1. This acquisition will help companies open up new growth points for botox, while creating synergies in the development, marketing and promotion of type A botulinum toxins and raising corporate overall competition.
In order to advance the capital strategy, the company initiated the h-share issue. The company is about to issue the h-share shares and host the Hong Kong United Exchange Ltd., and the successful company is expected to be the first to market a+h. Medical and American consumption is characterized by high billing, high repurchase rates, and long space.
In June of this year, eight ministries of the country jointly issued a programme of work for the special rehabilitation of the services of combating illegal medical beauty services. They decided to join forces in June-December 2021 for the special rehabilitation of the services of illegal medical beauty services.
With the collapse of the industry, it is expected that medical beauty will remain one of the better consumer finance scenarios in the future, that the medical beauty industry will become more regulated, that it will be conducive to healthy industrial development, and that the head enterprise will increase its market share. As the child’s face is brought to the market during the day, companies are expected to continue to be in a position of market leadership and strong competitiveness.
Policy controls risk; failure to register product R & D as expected; risk of product quality safety; increased risk of market competition; consumer purchasing power attitude; independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I have undertaken not to use my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.