(a) The profit rate continues to rise, striving to achieve a full product layout.
Wei Hongmei realized a net profit of $425.472 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 188.86 per cent over the same period the previous year; the performance of H1 in 2021 was as expected.
The main reason is: 1. Enjoy the dividends of the rapid growth of China’s health-care industry. According to frost&sullivan, China’s market for medicine and America reached $154.9 billion in 2020, with a compound increase of 18.9% between 2016 and 2020, well above global levels.
Roe (ttm) should have the advantage of leading products to achieve a sustained increase in product penetration. On the one hand, the company is strengthening communication and in-depth operational cooperation by providing business guidance and advice to medical institutions.
December Minimum Price ($) Group Relationships: On the other hand, the company has increased its profitability by providing technical training to the group of doctors through the All China College. In the first half of 2021, the company's Māori sales rate and net interest rate on sales were split.
Not to reach 93.25% and 67.09%, with a strong overall competitiveness. Of these, in 2021, q2, the company’s profit margin, the company’s product layout were gradually improved, and the market position of the United States of America was further strengthened. (1) In the area of transparent acids, the company’s pre-eminence was significant, and the industry was ahead. According to frost&sullivan, as of 2020,
The company has a transparent sodium sodium acid injection product, with a domestic market share of 27.2% in terms of sales, ranked first; the domestic market share in terms of amounts (entry prices) reached 14.3%, ranking first among domestic and international manufacturers, and third among all domestic and international manufacturers.
In June 2021, the company's paint needles were approved and officially removed to the field of regenerative materials. To date, the company has received seven iii-type medical treatments approved by the National Drug Control Service.
Therapeutic device products, consisting of five series of skin fillers (polymic acids) based on sodium transparent acids, one skin filler (couples) based on polyleftic acids, and one pppdo-face-laying line products. (3) The company is working on the product.
In addition, the company is developing a variety of new products that cater to market demand, including trimultanated and transparent sodium sodium condensate gel for the treatment of backstretch microballs of polyethylene gel, and for soft.
A second generation of tissue-enhanced facial implants, injectable perceptible acid enzymes for dissolved and transparent acid subcutaneous injections, etc. Investment advice: the company focuses on medical beauty products, is a domestic urinate needle tap, and enjoys medical treatment.
The US industry dividend. The company’s medically fine-tuned product line is becoming more and more innovative, and the new paint needles are expected to be released in the second half of 2021; they are expected to enter the weight management market in the future, with a high-growth rating system “market index” reference of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.