Big banks with bright and steady growth in deposits, big banks with bright performance in the first quarter, promoting the optimization of the end-of-debt structure, and asset-end expansion.
Quicker, in part as a result of a narrow cut-off rate. Corporate harvest slowed in the first quarter, but is expected to continue at a slower rate of growth, smooth growth in performance, sharp growth in deposits and steady growth in performance.
Big banks increased their revenue by 10.2% in the quarter of the year, a marked slowdown compared to 2019 (20.5%), with a profit percentage point, but companies are still expected to grow at a better rate than their counterparts average. With the slowdown in the recovery rate, the company ' s contribution for the quarter of the year decreased, resulting in a net profit for the quarter of the quarter of the year rising by 2019.
A small increase of 0.3 percentage points to 11.3 per cent per year  good performance of deposits and continuous improvement in end-of-debt cost rates, according to our calculations, the company ' s 1-quarter interest spread ring was 8 bp lower than in the 4th quarter of 2019, where the asset end received
The profit rate is lower (14bp) than the liability end cost rate (7bp). We believe that the decrease in the end-of-the-world cost rate in the first quarter is due, on the one hand, to an increase in the ratio of end-of-debt deposits and, on the other hand, to a reduction in peer debt cost pressures.
As an industry leader, the share of induced deposits increased by 3.6 percentage points to 73 per cent compared with the end of 2019. 1 quarter equity investment and peer assets increased by 11 per cent and 111 per cent respectively, the credit share in the asset structure decreased and the cost of financial financing in the entity led by regulation put downward pressure on asset end-of-end rates of return.
1 quarter bad rate ring drops, bad generation slows down, company 1 quarter end bad rate 1.54%, ring drops 1 bp, and we expect one quarter negative downs to be associated with regulatory support for companies affected by the epidemic, individuals, etc.
Given the potential lag in the impact of the epidemic on asset quality, attention needs to be paid to the ratio of loans of concern to the company and the subsequent adverse generation of Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting business The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
Ignorant, with a 10.2 per cent increase in the year-on-year income of the Grand Bank in the first quarter and a significant slowdown in 2019 (20.5 per cent), with net earnings from both net interest earnings and net earnings from surcharges declining at a rate of 12.0 per cent and 5.48 per cent respectively, compared to 2019, respectively, for the first quarter.
Down by 18.4 and 11.7 percentage points, but companies are still expected to pick up at a higher rate than their counterparts average. In the event of a slowdown in the recovery rate, the Department reduced the level of the provision in the first quarter, resulting in a small 0.3 percentage point increase in net profit in the first quarter compared to the 2019 rate of increase, with excellent deposit performance and continued improvement in the debt-end cost ratio.
On the basis of our end-of-cycle measurements at the beginning of the period, the interest-rate spread of the company dropped by 8 bp from the April 2019 quarter, with asset end-of-end returns ranging from 14 bp to 7 bp. We believe that the fall in end-of-end costs of the company ' s liabilities is due, on the one hand, to an increase in the ratio of deposits in the liability structure and, on the other hand, to a reduction in the cost pressures of peer liabilities.
A 17 per cent ring increase, with deposits projected to be in the forefront of the industry, driving deposits up 3.6 percentage points to 73 per cent from the end of 2019. A 11 per cent ring increase in the first quarter, 111 per cent decline in the credit ratio in the asset structure, and a decline in the cost of regulatory-led entity economic financing have all contributed to a decline in the negative quarterly round of asset growth, slowing down the rate of production.
At the end of the season, the company had an adverse rate of 1.54%, the ring had a negative rate of 1 bp, the company had a lower rate of bad than the equity average, and we expected that the downside of the downside of the downside of the downside of the downside of the downside of the downside was related to the regulatory support of companies that affected the epidemic, individuals giving temporary extensions, etc. According to our end-of-cycle caliber measurements, the company had an adverse annual rate of 1.7% for the first quarter of the year, and the downside of the downside of the absolute value ring was 31 bp, taking into account the epidemic’s impact on assets.
Quality impacts may be lagging, and attention needs to be paid to corporate interest in loan ratios and subsequent poor generation. The company’s 1-quarter loan allocation at the end of the quarter was bright, promoting the optimization of the end-of-debt structure, and the acceleration of asset end-of-end expansion, with some of the effects on the spread of the subsidence. The company’s 1-quarter harvest slowed, but is still expected to increase at a higher rate than its peers. We maintain the company’s 2020/2011 ps.