The Xinhua Insurance in-depth report insists on a shift in health insurance and a healthier business structure: Xinhua accelerated the transition in 2015.
Rapidly compressed silver bond-sized operations, the premium-growth model shifted from new orders to renewal, limited accountability for central remittance investments, $95.9 billion, or 78.4 per cent, in 2018, with a strong product strategy.
Development of a long-term, secure business centred on health risks, with health risks taking on a stronger team than from 2014 to 2014: Xinhua proposed in 2015 to deepen the “healthy sea” transition, and in 2017 to achieve high performance, high productivity and high retention of the “three-high” teams
Building, maintaining a strategy of "quantitative" and "quantity" of team development, a monthly production capacity of value per capita that is guided by values, and a higher capacity for value creation: a high-value health risk with a relative depth of 300 indexes.
47.9 per cent have exceeded 43.7 per cent of the PTP, and improvements in the business structure have also resulted in capital cost increases that are significantly lower than the effective business value increases before capital costs, which have eventually resulted in faster growth in the value and intrinsic value of the operation and gradual optimization of the underlying value structure.
Insistence on efficiency gains and profitability: Xinhua focused on cost management in the transformation process, starting in 2016 with a single-digit increase in operating management costs, falling from 10.6 per cent to 12.6 billion in 2018, with a negative shift in value-based operating deviations indicating a real improvement in operating efficiency.
The actuarial assumptions are also becoming more credible. From a cost point of view, the ability to absorb the changes assumed and the investment backbone, to withstand the volatility of investments, is gradually increasing, and there is a significant improvement in the sustainability of the end of the liability.
_aaa_the Xinhua Insurance Annual Review 2018. There is still room for improvement in the valuation, which currently maintains the 1-1.1 times pev valuation in 2019.
On March 21, 2019, after Xinhua Insurance announced its performance in 2018, we published Health Insurance's Transformation with remarkable success.
To further understand why we look at Xinhua Insurance, we have developed an in-depth analysis of the effects of the transformation in recent years in terms of business structure, team development, value growth, profitability, etc., which has led to the following four main components:
This includes the contribution structure, channel structure, duration structure, product structure, and so on. A “healthy ocean” is maintained, and the risk team is stronger: it focuses on the human development strategy of Xinhua's “quantitative” and “quantity” of the risk channel, as well as on the path to value-added capacity.
Adherence to value leadership and excellence in value creation: a focus on high-quality development paths that enhance the value of new businesses through high-value rates, thereby contributing to the growth of effective business values and intrinsic values. A focus on efficiency and profitability: a focus on cost-control effectiveness in Xinhua in recent years; and
A clear downward trend in the cost of indebtedness.2 A shift in health insurance and a healthier business structure 2.1 abandon short-term scale growth in pursuit of long-term sustainable development
The rate of increase in premiums has rebounded after the shock of the transition. Since the inception of Xinhua Insurance, the life insurance business has been its core business, with the size of Xinhua life insurance until 2013 remaining at a high level, with a market share close to 10%, in the first line of the industry.
The size of the value premium, which accelerated the pace of the transition in 2015-2017 to almost zero size, maintained the size of the premium on the basis of the growth of the new single and renewed premium, at a rate close to zero growth, 2017, after losing the burden, increased the premium on the term in 2018 and raised the premium revenue from $10.93 billion in 2017.
By 2015, Xinhua’s new policy premium rate had remained positive, rising negative, and the increase in premiums had been driven by the new policy. In 2015, Xinhua accelerated the pace of the transition, stagnating the rollover process, which led to a gradual negative growth of the new policy premium, with the rate of renewal rising from negative growth to positive growth and year-on-year growth.
In terms of the Xinhua premium revenue structure, the size of Xinhua Insurance has been significantly reduced in 2017 from 24 billion in 2016 to 4 billion, compared to 83.3 per cent in 2016, which is a sharp decline, while the size of Xinhua Insurance has been significantly higher than in 2016, integrating larger insurance and accelerating the scaling down of silver insurance operations. Since 2013, Xinhua Insurance has increased the premium premium for Xinhua Insurance Channels.
Maintained in 10-15% of the area, but significantly decreased in 2011 - 2012, with insufficient growth in motor energy. Bank guarantees strengthened the professionalization of channels and improved management effectiveness. Xinhua Insurance consolidated the two channels into “one insurance channel” because of the consistency between the former insurance marketing channels and the service lines in terms of sales, client groups and management models.
The rate of increase in insurance premiums has risen to around 20 per cent since 2016, while the rate of increase in insurance premiums has barely been equal to the size of the insurance channels, which has risen to 4.4 per cent, but is significantly lower than 13.5 per cent of the insurance channels, bringing the rate of insurance premiums to 81 per cent.
2.2 Health insurance and long-term transitions are vigorously developed, and the new single-stage structure has led the industry to a faster and faster growth in the new one-time ratio. Until 2013, Xinhua ' s new single-time transfer has been a negative step up to 87.4 per cent, with new insurance premiums influenced by the macro-environment and tight regulatory controls in 2018, represented by annuity insurance.
Accumulation transactions suffered a significant setback, with new single-period payments falling by 25.4 per cent to 20.7 billion on the same basis, while premium payments increased in 2017 as a result of the rapid increase in short-term health insurance. Overall, the share of new single-period payments in new listings remained at 78.5 per cent, a 5 percentage point decline, but remained high among peers, suggesting that Xinhua insurance was not available at a time of market failure.
Health insurance accounts for 60% of the cost of the new policy. In terms of product strategy, the Xinhua insurance transition path is to stick to the main goal of health insurance: 1.45 billion yuan in revenue from the new policy in September 2015, two months after the introduction of the product ' s health.
In 2016, the Division ' s most marketed guaranteed products in the short term led to the transformation of products; it focused on a series of market-led guaranteed products, of which the “Healthy Care” series, with its first annual premium of $6.5 billion, occupied a leading position in a large number of high-risk products on the market, and the “Multiple” product had a strong impact on the market.
In 2017, a well-developed product system with a focus on safeguards, covering a wide range of types of products was built, with mature product operating mechanisms and product advantages centred on health risks, and a “health-free” series became a public brand. In 2018, the promotion of “advancer” health risk marketing strategy was pursued, and health-risk products continued to be enriched.
System, upgrading of major products, development of new products, and full life-cycle product coverage for clients. Xinhua Insurance, 2014 Xinhua Insurance, new policy premiums for health insurance, only $5.3 billion, or 11.9 per cent of the new policy, increased by 47 to 77 billion in 2015, with a significant increase of 3.38 per cent to 15.8 billion in the same year for Xinhua Health Insurance, and a significant increase in the share of the new policy.
Up to 59.7 per cent, with an annual average growth rate of over 30 per cent in 2014-2018, health coverage is already at the forefront of the industry. Continued rate increases, retreats fall, and business quality continues to improve.
At its highest value in several years, it has accelerated the transformation of its operations, optimized its structure, significantly improved its retreat, 3 maintained the "Healthy People's Sea", a stronger risk team, 3.1 “quality” after “quantity” and ensured a high-quality development of the risk team
In 2014, efforts were made to improve the structure of the workforce and to promote the development of effective and competent personnel. In 2015, it was proposed to deepen the transformation of the Healthy People's Sea, guided by the Basic Law.
Good training system for team development: in 2016, a risk channel was built around “two-high” workforces, promoting sustained improvement in performance and productivity through the strengthening of basic management and the implementation of basic laws; in 2017, a three-high-high team was proposed for high performance, high productivity and high retention, with a development strategy of “stable high-school level, moderate mobility at the bottom” and a sustained push for empowerment.
The “three powers” of the right to power, inheritance, and cross-geographical operational development have been put on the ground to promote high-quality team-building. In 2018, the development strategy of “Pay = manpower * performance * average per capita* premium” was introduced, steadily increasing the proxies to achieve steady growth in the size of the workforce while maintaining a high level of performance.
The size of China's insurance channels is 201,000, or 37 million by the end of 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of only 13 per cent, which is clearly below the industry average, mainly influenced by the industry's disqualifying test in 2015, and the number of agents remains relatively stable. Although the scale has not increased at a very high rate, the workforce has continued to grow in a healthy manner.
3.2 The value of the workforce ' s productive capacity has increased significantly, reaching the level of life insurance, with a steady increase in new single capacity and new one-time delivery capacity and a greater decline in significant environmental impacts in 2018. Newly, 2014-2017, as Xinhua Insurance continuously optimizes the structure of the workforce and product structure, while maintaining stability in the size of the workforce, by adding
The sale of large annuity insurance has led to rapid business growth and a rapid increase in the monthly premium per capita. In 2018, under the environmental impact of the industry, the sale of savings-based products, represented by annuity, was cold, with a marked decline in new single capacity compared to the same period in 2017, with a monthly premium per capita of $4494, a decline of 22.1 per cent.
New single delivery capacity is largely consistent with the new one-time capacity trend. In 2013, a single-month new delivery capacity per risk group per person was 2917 yuan, influenced by the continued rapid growth of savings-type products, such as fast-returned annuities, which rose year by year to 2017, with a slight decline in 2018.
It is difficult to reflect objectively and fairly the value contributions of agents, and we use the new monthly business value per capita as a core indicator of the agency’s effectiveness. In 2013, Xinhua’s risk channel’s value production was only $1583, which lags far behind the major listed partners, while the gap between SWF’s productive capacity is not large, with a small margin of $2626 in safety, leading the country.
With the Xinhua insurance “Healthy Man's Sea” moving forward, the workforce of agents remained of high quality, with the value of their teams rising from 21.9% to 1930 yuan in 2014, and in 2013-2018, the per capita value of the Xinhua teams rose from $1583 to $2722, a 72% increase.
A clear improvement in the value-creation capabilities of the major listed players and the workforce was achieved.4 A strong value-leading, better value-creation capabilities 4.1 drive high-quality growth in the value of new operations through a higher value ratio
Since the firm transition in 2015, long-term guaranteed business, represented by health insurance, has become the core of Xinhua Insurance’s dynamic development. With the new business value of health insurance significantly higher than that of saving products, there is a strong positive correlation between the company’s new business value ratio and the health risk ratio.
As the share of health insurance in Xinhua's new policy increases, the company’s new business value ratio has risen significantly. Until 2014, the company’s overall value of new business hovered at around 10%, from 10.6% in 2013 to a small increase in 2014, and the new business value ratio has already risen to the top of the main market share.
Ultimately, the year 2018 was overtaken by a healthy, over-expected growth, with a new business value rate of 47.9 per cent, exceeding the 43.7 per cent of Peace and Escuela, reaching the main level of professional leadership. 4.2 The faster growth in new business values drives a steady and steady growth in intrinsic value.
New business values have grown rapidly since the transition. New business values in Xinhua reached 4.7 billion in 2010, but, due to inadequate growth dynamics under the model-driven model, have hovered between 4 and 5 billion by 2014 and have maintained business structural transformation throughout 2014, although the size of the new business portfolio has declined year by year, driven by a rapid upturn in the new business value ratio.
New business values grew faster, growing by 34.8 per cent to 6.6 billion in 2015 and by 57.8 per cent to 10.4 billion and billion in 2016, but at a moderate but moderate rate among key business counterparts. Improved business structures have resulted in lower capital costs and more than 20 per cent growth in the value of effective operations.
Value assessment criteria were implemented in 2016, and in order to be consistent, we began to analyse the value of Xinhua ' s effective operations starting in 2015 (the 2015 figures were restated by Xinhua in 2016). The value of effective operations before the cost of capital was 505 generation of low-value operations with a significantly lower rate of increase in capital costs than before the cost of capital.
Growth of 1.2 per cent in 2016 resulted in an increase in the value of effective business of 42.3 per cent, while growth of 13.0 per cent in 2017 was still significantly lower than the 21.8 per cent increase in the value of effective business before capital costs, a negative 1 per cent increase in 2018, and a gradual optimization of the value structure in the industry, with a stronger endogenous growth momentum. The value of Xinhua in 2012 was only 56.9 billion, as a result of the fact that
The rapid growth in the value of effective operations and the accumulation of net assets as a result of the increase in the growth rate in the value of new operations was only 32.7 per cent (two generations) of the value in 2018, and a rapid increase in the value of effective operations for three consecutive years was 10.2 pct. As the value of effective operations represents the present value of future profits on the company ' s stock, it truly represents the end of the company ' s liabilities
Profitability, as compared to rising, suggests that companies rely on business to achieve sustained internal growth drive.5 Persistence of efficiency gains, better profitability, effective control of 5.1 management costs, and a negative shift in the contribution of business deviations to intrinsic value
After the transition, the cost control rate was lower, with a marked decline in 2018. In our special report entitled " Looking at the value of life insurance companies from business efficiency " , we conducted an in-depth analysis of cost efficiency, with Xinhua insurance operating management fees reaching $10.1 billion in 2013, while the Xinhua life insurance policy was only $9.6 billion over the same period, mainly because of the extensive coverage of Xinhua ' s branches.
Higher fixed costs and a certain gap in operational efficiency did exist at that time, growing to 12.8 billion in 2015, but from 2016 the rate of increase in operating management costs fell rapidly to single digits, from $14.1 billion in 2017 to $14.4 billion in the case of the Pacific Life Insurance, especially in 2018, with a reverse decline in operating management costs between 10.6 per cent and 126 in the case of insurance premiums and faster value increases
Billion, reflecting the importance that Xinhua insurance management attaches to cost management. While there are still significant differences in Xinhua’s cost-effectiveness compared to that of major listed counterparts, the trend towards improved cost-efficiency has been evident in recent years, and as the size of the company’s premiums and value scale expands, the scale effect will become more apparent and cost-efficiency is expected to continue to improve.
Operational deviations are negative and positive, making a positive and stable contribution to intrinsic value growth. From an underlying value change analysis, billions of dollars, contributing to intrinsic value increases - 0.9 per cent, -2.5 per cent, -2.4 per cent, indicate that actual operational experience is less than expected, and can be understood to mean that actual business results are not ideal or actuarially radical.
Continuing upscaling and cost containment after 2016, as well as rapid correction of operating experience deviations from 2.0 per cent in 2016, indicate that operational efficiency is indeed improving and the credibility of actuarial assumptions is improving. 5.2 The cost of liabilities is significantly reduced and profitability is significantly enhanced
The cost of the combined liability is highly correlated with the rate of return on investment, which has declined significantly since 2016. In our thematic report, My Life Insurance Company ' s Cost Study of Liabilities, we proposed the concept of the combined cost of the liability. The combined cost of the liability = (total investment return - pre-tax profit)/the average investment asset corresponding to the liability is the minimum return on the investment for which the life insurance operation achieved a positive profit
The rate requirement, which is also an explicit cost indicator reflecting only the combined cost of the end-of-the-life insurance company liability after net asset impact has been eliminated, helps ordinary investors and non-professionals to understand the profitability of the end-of-the-life insurance company liability. The cost of the combined liability is highly correlated with the return on investment due to the absorption effects of the risk-sharing and all-embracing operations.
The higher return on investments started in 2013 and the higher cost of liabilities increased, but after 2016, the return on investment returned to normal cost of liabilities. The cost of the combined liability also decreased significantly, and profitability increased significantly, as a result of the removal of hypothetical changes and disruptions.
The cost of the combined liability is more affected by the rate of return on investments, and fluctuations at the end of the investment are difficult to capture accurately, while changes in reserves resulting from actuarial assumptions also affect the cost of the liability. To remove the interference factor, we measure the extent to which Xinhua's risk-sharing and all-hazard operations are absorbed, taking into account the impact of the hypothetical changes, by analysing the financial statements of Xinhua, and have been modified.
The results show that the cost of the combined liability (repair of capacity has gradually increased and the sustainability of the end of the liability has improved significantly in 2013.6 Profit forecasting and investment proposals: performance is expected to explode in 2019, with high valuations enjoying a high impact
In terms of net profits, the transformation has shown remarkable results in recent years, resulting in a marked decline in the cost of indebtedness, assuming a 5% return on investment, and a higher than expected net profit performance by companies if they do not increase or decrease in size in 2019. Large-scale manpower declines, health insurance sales fall short of expectations, equity markets fall sharply, interest rates fall short of expectations.