q1 below expectations, outbreak + cost perturbation + profit A quarterly report issued by the company on April 29, 22q1 received $2,007 million, compared to +17.26 per cent; net return to the mother
q1 income is affected by spring season pre-positioning + epidemic, and cash returns are bright. q1 income growth loops are slow, 21q4 spring (q1 + q4 year-on-year +30.39%) and the Shanghai, Shenzhen and Shenzhen outbreaks repeatedly undermine national logistics and constrain demand in core consumption groups. q1 sales sales are on the same basis as +28.56%
By 3.7-39.3 per cent, the ratio was between 3.7 pct and 39.3 per cent; the east of China, despite the outbreak, maintained strong demand resilience; central China, 1. q4, accelerated 22 years of nationalization + new products; north-west, south-west, Guangxi, China, leading the growth; and terminal stores, approximately 2.16 million, with an additional 70,000.
In terms of products, q1 is responsible for a steady increase in income, sugar, curry, etc. 2. q3 is the basis for a steady increase in the national distribution of the q3 circuits, with revenues of $1.907/09 billion, corresponding to +15.9/+50.5 per cent.
Cost increases put Maori under pressure, and regional expansion rates have improved steadily. Net interest rates of 22 q1 are equal to the price of the annual pet, 22 years of open pet, part of the price of white sugar, and the cost pressure is expected to continue.
4. " On top of the trend, energy beverages can be sold at the same rate - East, plus 0.45 pct, and companies increase the cost of advertising and putting freezers. 3) The management rate is equal to +0.33 pct, which is expected to result in higher remuneration for managers and higher investment in information-based construction.
In the short and long term, the epidemic continues to be repeated, waiting for the development of new products and nationalization in the medium and long term. In April, on the margins of the outbreak in the east of China, we suggest that we focus on the speed of the season. In the medium and long term, the energy-drink track is so sticky that the dung bellium is the dragon, which is expected to accelerate the harvest.
Beverages, China will take this opportunity to focus on a wide range, a dollar of pleasure, and build a second one as soon as possible. The North China energy beverages are weak, their organizational structure was adjusted in November 21 and are in the early stages of construction; the Southwest is of low maturity, but the function is well recognized, the entertainment is well developed, and the future is promising.
2) In the product: Big curry, zero sugar, nationalization began in 22, focusing on the second-line cities, and some tests were made on distributors. This year's plan was to push the smell of pet bottles, and new sports beverages were tested after the launch of plan h1, but the epidemic was either delayed.
Liu Xinxing is at risk of recurring epidemics, higher costs than expected, increased competition in regional markets, and food safety issues.