(a) A steady increase in income of 1q22 and short-term pressure on profits: the company disclosed a report for the first quarter of 2022. The company earned 2.01 billion yuan in 1q22, i.e. +17.3 per cent in the same year;
The return to the mother ' s net gain of $340 million, compared to +0.8 per cent, is a steady increase in income as a result of the epidemic, with cost and cost escalation forcing profit growth. (1) 1q22 corporate revenues per year +17.3 per cent, with a steady increase in the impact of the epidemic, we believe that the company will continue to grow steadily.
Channel expansion and market openings have shown some success. (2) 1q22 has a Māori rate of 43.2%, compared to 3.1 pct, the price increases in the purchase of large quantities of raw materials, and (3) cost pressures.
And -0.1 pct, higher sales costs are mainly due to increased advertising and freezer placement, and higher management costs are mainly due to higher remuneration and information inputs from managers. 1q22 is a net profit from the continued rapid growth of non-energy beverages outside the province. (1) product side, 1q22
The income from the doppelganger is 1.91 billion yuan, compared to 15.9 per cent in the same year, and 95.4 per cent in the same year. The income from other beverages is 93 million yuan, compared to 50.5 per cent in the same year, and 4.6 per cent in the same year, compared to 1 pct. The doppelganger is growing steadily, driven by a 500-ml gold bottle, while new non-energy beverages continue to be released and are rising.
(2) With regard to marketing areas, 1q22 Guangdong region earns 780 million yuan, compared to 7.1 per cent; the national territory (outside provinces) earns 1.04 billion yuan, compared to 25.6 per cent; the direct camp and line channels earn 180 million yuan, looking forward: short-term influences do not change the long-term growth logic, and performance growth is expected to accelerate in the next few quarters
Compared to improvements. (1) In the short term, the impact of the epidemic on end-use consumption and the cost pressures associated with rising raw materials prices are still under way, companies are expected to respond through cost control, cost control and taking advantage of scale. (2) In the long run, the functional beverage industry continues to grow in size and corporate product crowding.
Total market value (RMB million) has a differentiated competitive advantage, and the continued release of 500 ml cans will provide a sound support for performance growth, with an average of 3 months of transactions (RMB million)
Foreign companies have gradually enriched their product matrix and expanded their competitive borders. The net debt ratio of firms in the dominant market in Guangdong (%) is better-cultivated and wider consumption groups are guaranteed faster growth; and expansion is accelerated in the outlying regions.
We believe that the logic of corporate growth is clear and that the long-term development prospects of the company's Shenzhen Investment and Development Partnership (the limited partnership) remain high.
The pace of performance is expected to be faster and faster throughout the year, with increased competition from the industry.
Accelerator : 2020301 East Penang Beverages: Channel Outreach + Product Expansion, Year-round Performance Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
Food beverages: dairy beverages