On May 05, 2022, nationalization continued, with short-term cost implications.
The company published a quarterly report in 2022, and 2022q1 achieved operating revenues of $2007 million, slowing down the rate of growth in the Guangdong market compared to the epidemic, and continued to make steady progress in the extra-provincial market.
2022q1, the company's core product, the East Poncho, received $1.907 billion, compared to +15.89 per cent, and his drink business received $93 million, compared to +50.53 per cent. Subregionally, the company Guangdong/Wadong/China/ has a greater impact, but faster developments in the Chinese and Chinese markets have underpinned the firm's overall performance.
Cost increases have led to a decline in the Māori rate, which has remained stable over time, as well as to an increase in transport costs. In the case of cost placements, the cost rates have remained generally stable between sales/management/R & D/financial rates. Overall, the decline in Māori rates has led to a decline in net interest rates.
The first-time coverage of the price of the Doppelganger Beverage (605499) is a matter of concern. The period of strategic opportunity is still under way, and the expansion of nationalization is continuing.
Energy beverages as a high-quality track for the soft beverage industry, and the long-standing trademark competition between the long-term red bulls, mean that the dollar securities industry study: looking for certainty in the blurry 2022 is still a strategic opportunity for the national product plate and there is plenty of substitute space for the stock.
The annual strategy for the food and beverage industry has continued to expand, adding to the industry. As a leader in the country’s product cards, the pace of national expansion has continued steadily. As of 2022, q1, the number of company distributors was 2,438 and new.
In terms of production capacity, seven major production bases have been put into operation, and public fund-raising will speed up the nationalization of the company’s new production capacity. The new crown epidemic has had an impact on expectations, capacity-building processes are less than expected, and competition in the market has intensified.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.