Dopium beverages (605499): Performance meets expectations, nationalization. In the evening of 29 April 2022, the company issued a report for the first quarter of 2022: 2,007 million yuan (17.3 per cent of the same increase) for the second quarter of 2022: 345 million yuan (the same increase) for the mother ' s net profit.
▪ Performance meets expectations, costs affect profitability, net profit growth slows down in one quarter of business costs, sales costs and management
The reservoir remains in a higher position than the $400 million increase. 2022q1 operating net cash flow of $291 million (or 36 per cent less), of which $2.315 billion has been returned.
The basic growth of East Peng is steady and the process of nationalization is well under way. ... Progress towards nationalization is continuing. — 2022-02-28. Sub-products: 2022q1 East Peng drinking camp, 1.91 billion yuan (16 per cent increase).
Other beverages collect $93 million (the same increase).
The product channel is expected to be two-wheel drive — 2022-01-17 — 91 per cent (0.2 pct less). The direct-camp channel is expected to collect $151 million (in the same sub-region, 785 million (7 per cent more), or 7 per cent, of the 2022q1 Guangdong region.
At the end of 2022q1, there were 2,438 gold bottles, representing a net increase of 126; the company distribution network covered about 2.16 million end-houses throughout the country, representing an increase of 70,000.
The company adheres to five main strategies: 1) Industrial strategy: to build the management organization of the big supply chain of the group, to promote a coordinated model of supply chain production and marketing, from the supply end to the business end, to the integrated management of production and sales; the company will increase its base in the city, South China.
China will continue to build the Chang Sha base and the Changzhou county base, as well as to make steady progress in the selection of sites for Shenzhen base and Xiang Tsing base site, land acquisition and land tags.
The consolidation and development of regional markets in South, China, China, East and South-West provide solid guarantees to reduce long-range logistics transport costs. 2) Market strategies: accelerate nationalization and strengthen the convergence of terminal networks.
In the meantime, the existing market has been broken down to continue to strengthen the use of smart freezers in the Guangdong marketing headquarters, the national marketing headquarters, the direct battalion headquarters (including current alternate/tactile channels and traditional channels) and to continue to open up terminals.
3) Client strategy: In consolidating the foundation for the maintenance of the existing self-driving owners, truck drivers, etc., “Driving One”, take-out riders, delivery boys, etc., “Blue collars/new blue collars”, medical white collars, 1t programmer, etc., “White collar consumers”
It is designed to meet the needs of the “sport population”, “student population”, “recreational group”, “public service group”, “overtime group”, “group of people in need of a good state”, and to create a precise project.
4) Product strategy: Focus on the Beverage track, locking in the consumption of the tired. In 2022, it is planned to launch a light energy for the sports scene.
Beverage “Engine Bubble” and “250ml New Gold Cans” and “335ml Cans to build the East Peng Peng “Energy Plus” product rect. 5 with a core of East Peng Peng) brand strategy: continuous mass branding and deepening of corporate products
Functional value education, making East Pate's drink a "weary" option, we're looking at the company's energy-drink track and new products under the national expansion path, downside macroeconomic risks, the epidemic's consumption drag, the lack of online expansion, and the new ones.
The food and beverages group presents the results of the event, which were not as high as expected, the high-season sales, the increased risks associated with competition in the industry, and the lack of progress in the construction of the fund-raising project.
Sun Shanshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.