The difference was higher than expected, the asset quality improved, and the provision was made for the “Martin Ting” incident: a one-quarter report by the merchant bank was published, resulting in an operating income of $61.296 billion, an increase of 7.20 per cent over the same period;
Chiang Jiang Song-hoon has increased profit growth and roe has continued to rise. Profits have increased at a rate that provides for “nature” to release profits. 18q1 net profit returns have increased 13.5% over the year, up 0.5pc over the 17-year period; pre-repreparation gains have been made.
At a rate of 2.87 per cent, and down from 0.91pc for the entire 17-year period, the profit is released by a reduction of 14.76 per cent in the profit statement in the context of a sustained improvement in the quality of assets and a natural increase in the coverage of the provision.
In addition, the risk-adjusted rate of return on capital (rroc) has increased significantly over the same period, with a steady increase in revenue spreads exceeding expectations. There has been a steady increase in revenue, and the guidelines have been switched to exchange gains perturbing non-interest income. The rate of return has increased by 7.20% over the same year, with interest rising by 1.87 pc over the 17-year period.
Net income increased by 8.66 per cent over the year and by 1.04 pc over the 17-year period, but decreased by 1.95 pc over 17 q4, mainly as a result of the exchange of accounting standards for ifrs9 (receipt of interest income to non-interest income from unvalued investments in IMF and some instruments). At the same time, non-interest income also benefits from the above-mentioned reasons,
If this factor is excluded, non-interest income falls by 5.64 per cent over the same period, mainly as a net gain on exchange by 1.46 billion dollars. The net income from fees and commissions increased by 1.51 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of a contraction in the surrogate insurance industry and a slight drop in income from financial operations. The net difference is significantly higher than expected.
The significant increase in interest differentials is mainly due to positive adjustments in the asset-liability structure. The scale of the liability end-of-service certificates has continued to shrink (with a balance of just 1581 million at the end of March), the ratio of deposits has risen, and retail deposits have increased steadily (by 0.72pc in the end of March).
Assets end: high growth in loans, reduction in central bank deposits, reduction of assets in the corporate and investment categories.
Debt end: deposits are growing steadily and steadily, and there has been a small contraction of corporate debt and a reduction in borrowing from central banks.
The banking sector theme report: The balance of the non-performing loan rate and the ratio of non-performing loans have continued to double and the provision coverage has increased “naturally.” The quality of assets has steadily improved, and the replacement of the i9 guidelines has remained “naturally elevated”.
2.4 billion. In a marked improvement in the quality of assets, the provision continues to be reduced by 14.76 per cent, but the rate of coverage increased significantly from 33.82 pc to 295.93 per cent at the end of the 17 years (according to rough calculations of undistributed profit movements, 16.21 pc of which came from a one-time increase in the switch from the infrs9 standard, and is provided after this factor has been removed)
▪ Recruiting or continuing to “provide for the natural release of profits” when the quality of assets continues to improve. For the past 16 years, five consecutive quarters of non-performing loan balances have been brought down to double the share, and the same provision has been made to lower the profit release, while the ratio of loans to the provision coverage has continued to increase steadily.
It is expected that the recruitment process will continue along the path of “repreparation of natural profits”, i.e., a provision for the continued release of profits and a steady consolidation of the security cushion without additional provisions.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies have worked deep in retail finance for many years, and the share of current deposits remains high
At this level, there is a clear cost advantage on the end of the liability; it is worth noting that the quality of the acquisition of assets has continued to improve, the provision of funds has been adequate, the “resort for natural release profits” route has been opened, and the financial advantage has been significant. The “light banking” strategy has been steadily advanced, capital endogenous capacity is growing, and the raroc and capital adequacy rates are expected to remain high.
Figure 9: Portfolio capital adequacy rate