Retail advantage is consolidated, financial technology is transformed Retail advantage is in the lead of the Retailing Bank, the company's forward-looking strategic layout and firm enforcement build-up customer base, product innovation and specialized customer services increase customer stickyness, retailing position in the short term
It's hard to get over it. The lightening of companies has worked, Roe is at a higher level in the industry, capital supplements and retail services are increasing. Recruitment has accumulated significant advantages in the areas of credit cards, wealth management, the advantages of retail operations, and it is difficult to catch up with other banks in the short term.
Retailing contributes more than 50% to income. Retailing operations are characterized by low capital consumption, stable profit contributions, and are more dominant in a more regulated environment.
Overall, the asset structure continues to tilt in favour of loans (57 per cent in the first quarter). The company ' s asset quality continues to improve, with a negative double drop in the first quarter, with asset quality performing well in the same type of bank. Moreover, the company ' s provision coverage and loan allocation ratio are at a higher level in the industry, indicating public equity.
Lightening has been effective, with less pressure on capital replenishment. The company’s lightening has been effective, with roe at a higher level (16.5% in 2017) and profitability keeping the industry at the forefront.
We believe that the high level of re-entering roe contributes to the built-in replenishment of capital, corporate capital, retail deposits, and the weakening of market niches. Since 2018, we have been working together, unstandardd, using market prices as the standard for June 28, 2018.
In a continuing context of tight business regulation, banks’ liabilities are becoming more dependent on core deposits, multiple silver banks are undergoing an accelerated transition in their retail strategy, and there is increased competition in the deposit market. If retail deposits compete, we believe that the advantage of recruiting the leading retail market will be weakened, and the retail business portfolio will be more competitive.
The pace of business development will slow down to the detriment of steady growth in corporate performance.
The main rate (Billions of yuan)