Research Assistant: Song Jin Dynasty; March 23, 2017 annual report issued by the Merchant Bank, bringing in $22,897 million throughout the year.
Dollars, 5.33 per cent increase on a year-on-year basis; net profit returns of 70.150 billion yuan, 13.00 per cent increase on a year-on-year basis; net interest differentials of 2.43 per cent, 7bps decrease on a year-on-year basis; non-performing loan rates of 1.61 per cent, 26bps decline on a year-on-year basis; increased profitability and retail contribution steadily increasing.
In 2017, the return to double-digit net profit increase was achieved by 5.4 percentage points to 13 per cent higher than in the same period last year, and by 0.06 and 0.27 percentage points to 1.15 per cent and $1 billion more than in the same period, respectively, compared with 11.46 per cent at the end of the previous year; the pre-retail sales/retail sales tax profits were increased by 11.46 per cent compared to the same period last year
The increase ranged from 8.49 per cent/7.94 per cent to $106.221 million/$47.595 billion, while the pre-retail revenue contribution increased from 1.82.3.55 percentage points to savings costs effectively controlled over the same period last year. On the one hand, the net difference was more modest than in 2017.
The impact of such factors as neutral monetary policy, tight financial regulation, the overall upturn in market interest rates, the recruitment of peers, indebtedness, bond issuance costs, etc. In this case, savings cost is better controlled through structural optimization (uplifting deposit call rates) and effective pricing controls, 2017
The average annual cost of client deposits was 1.27 per cent, the same as in 2016, with interest-bearing liability cost in 2017 and higher risk pricing levels for notes, bonds, and peer assets, with interest earned in 2017 The return on assets increased from 6 bps to 4.06 per cent in 2016.
The rate of return decreased by 8bps/7bps in the same year, but was significantly narrower than in 2016 (24bps/27bps). Of this, the four-quarter net difference was 2.44 per cent, and the ring increased by 4bps over the three-quarters, well above the line, the cost of the end of the liability, especially the cost of the deposit, would help to achieve a net gain.
In 2017, there was a general improvement in the use of negative indicators, a decline of $3.728 billion in the credit balance, a decrease of 1.08 percentage points to 1.16 per cent in the rate of non-performing loans and a decline of 26bps/49bps to 1.16 per cent in the rate of non-performing loans/lending of concern, respectively, compared to 2016.
The balance of loans/deficit loans over 90 days is 79.59%, and the classification of late loans is prudent. At the product level, the default rates for corporate loans/retail loans are generally declining compared to the same period last year, and for various types of loans, such as trade finance, are generally declining; for retail loans, except for retail loans.
In addition to the slower disposal rate, which increased in 2016, there has been an improvement in the same rate for individual housing loans, credit card loans, and other retail loan varieties, and most of the newly generated retail non-performing collateral, with the exception of credit cards, has been secured.
The poor rate in several industries has declined: the most marked improvement in the mining sector has been in 5.82 percentage points lower than in the same period last year; real estate/information transmission, software and information technology services are expected to improve the quality of assets in high-performing sectors as a result of adjustments in individual large credit structures and the optimal allocation of resources.
On the provision side, the coverage of the provision and loans have increased significantly over the same period of the previous year, and the absorption capacity of the risk losses has increased further. Among these, the creation of a “financial technology bank” has opened the second half of the transition. In recent years, the “light banks” – characterized by a model of “light assets” and “light capital” specialization – have been introduced, while the strategic focus for the future will be on “light management”, “light operations” and “financial technology” – have been built.
One billion yuan) is earmarked for the Financial Science, Technology and Innovation Project Fund; 2.21 billion yuan (1 per cent of last year's operating income) will continue to be invested in financial science and technology in 2018. Five basic capabilities, such as mobile interconnection, big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, block chains and so on, are expected to be successfully constructed and will provide them with new core competitiveness based on the consolidation of the advantages of the retail sector of recruitment.
• Investment ratings: Merchant banks have significant advantages in the area of retail financial operations, asset-side pricing advantages, end-of-debt costs are effectively controlled, annual performance is expected to remain steady, and the implementation of the Financial Science and Technology Bank strategy has helped them to continue to consolidate their retail leader position. \triangleright is expected to continue