The company’s performance in retailing is still strong, and high-quality customer deposits are closing in.
Block rating: stronger than the big market, with a clear competitive advantage over their counterparts. Companies are moving in the direction of lightening the transition to financial technology, continuing to perform well, and controlling the optimal asset structure.
Performance remained excellent, with interest differentials continuing to improve the path. A 13.5 per cent increase in net profit in the 18th year and 1st quarter, corresponding to our expectations (13.1 per cent). A 6.8 per cent increase in operating income and a sustained improvement in performance.
The pace of growth has fallen somewhat, and, given the new regulations, the restructuring of the related operations will put some pressure on the company to increase its overall handling fees, which are expected to remain low throughout the year.
The switch has had some impact, with the 19-percent impact expected to be eliminated, and the size of the company’s assets is almost equal to that of the end of the 17-year period. In particular, the loan ring is 4.1% higher in the first quarter than at the beginning of the year, while the equity ring is 14% and 3% smaller in the first half of the year, and the asset-end structure continues to tilt in favour of the loan.
Deposit performance has been somewhat weak, roughly at the same scale as at the beginning of the year, and, with 18 years of pressure to increase industry deposits, the growth of deposits has also faced some challenges, requiring sustained attention.
Quarterly single-season negative annual rate of production of 0.01%, ring decline of 48bp and asset high quality performance. 34 pct and 16 bp to Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd., respectively, were raised at the end of the first quarter of the year compared to the beginning of the first quarter of the year.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business, sensitisation, lucidity.
Keeping performance excellent, with interest differentials continuing to improve the path 13.5 per cent higher than year-on-year net profit in the first quarter of 18 years (13.1 per cent) is in line with our expectations. Operating income increased 6.8 per cent more year-on-year (vs 17 + 5.1 per cent) and performance continued to improve. Of this, net interest income increased 8.7 per cent year-on-year (vs 17 + 7.6 per cent) and benefited mainly from interest differentials.
Quarterly single-season net interest differentials of 2.50 per cent and ring increases of 2bp, with absolute levels of interest differentials at the forefront of the industry. Company fees increased by 1.5 per cent in the first quarter of the year compared with the rate of 5.2 per cent in 17 years.
The pace of processing fees will be kept low throughout the year, with an optimized financial structure with weak savings growth, a 0.7 per cent decline in asset size by the first quarter, the impact of the switch in the guidelines, the expected elimination of 19 impacts, the size of the company's assets and 17 per cent.
More specifically, one quarter of the loan ring is 4.1% higher than at the beginning of the year, while the peer and portfolio equity portfolio score is 14% and 3% smaller than at the beginning of the year, and the asset-end structure continues to tilt in favour of the loan, which is the main reason for the further slowdown in the size of the first quarter of the campaign. Debt-end deposit performance has been somewhat weak, roughly at the same size as at the beginning of the year, and has been recruited with 18 years of growing pressure on industry deposits.
There are also challenges to the growth of deposits, and follow-up performance requires sustained attention.
The company ' s annual unsound rate of production for the first quarter was 0.01%, the ring rate was 48bp, and asset quality performance was excellent. The company ' s coverage rate and loan allocation ratio increased by 34 pct and 16bp to 296% and 4.38%, respectively, at the end of the first quarter, and was fully funded at the beginning of the year.
The performance is still remarkable, with high-quality customer-led deposits stifling, with a clear competitive advantage over their counterparts. Firms are shifting from light to light, and increased investment in financial science and technology is further laying the groundwork for lightening the transition. We maintain 18/19 years of recruitment.