The performance has increased over the same period, fully benefiting from the expansion of demand in the ai – the three-quarterly review of the New Leap (300502) in 2024. On the evening of 24 October, the three-quarterly report of 2024 was released. The company achieved that in the first three quarters of 2024.
Operating income of $5.130 billion, or 145.82 per cent of the year; net return profit of $1.646 billion, driven by constant expansion of the demand for numeracy hardware in comparison with the demand for numeracy hardware, which continues to grow at the same time, with a steady increase in the demand for numeracy at the end of the income end, benefiting from an increase in the demand for numeracy and the continued expansion of the demand for numeracy infrastructure hardware.
At the profit end, the Māori rate is stable at a higher level and the rates continue to press down. 1) At the Māori rate, the company's cost control capacity is high, the high rate of acceleration and the higher volume of new structure products is the same as in the first three quarters of 2024.
On 13 September, O1-preview published its new series of large models, which, by means of intensive learning, was reported in the mid-point 2024 of the National Dollar Securities Corporation Study-New Escillation (300502).
01 can divide complex issues into simple steps and generate a chain of thinking that enhances model reasoning.
Confidence in large model capabilities. The light module is a core computing base hardware, with the speed of cluster transmission accelerating, and the speed of the light module accelerating. And in the cluster, the interconnected gpu ' s study-new euphoria (3005002): high-speed products take over.
Volume growth, driving power consumption and cost reduction, is another central trend. The new euphoria is now being rolled out, with cost control leading by 2024.04.25 Products include 400g, 800g, 1.6t based on vcsel/eml, silicon light and membrane lithium silicate programmes.
Series of high-speed light module products, 400 g and 800 gzr/zr+ associated module products, and 400g/800glpo module products based on Woolight 100g/lane and 200g/lane, of which lpo side
As the industry’s leading supplier of light modules, the company’s technological reserves, its clients’ resources, its cost-controls, its product matrix, will fully benefit from the dividends of the industry’s eruption.
The Hong Kong market benchmark is a constant index, the United States market benchmark is a punctuated 500 index or an NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for agreed transfer targets)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.