Three seasons of excellent performance, 800 g, lpo, etc., together driven the 2025 surge, companies issued three-quarters reports in 2024, exceeding market expectations. In the first three quarters of 2024, companies actually increased by +453.1% and +44.5%.
Substream companies with strong demand have kept their core extras, and the bulk of the goods produced in the inventory in the first half of the year have been collected over time. The demand for North American cloud producers in the second half of the year has remained strong, with Boto 400g of net cards produced and the market value of Asia’s circulationa shares (billions):
As a result of the deployment of self-reflections such as the Mason, Meta, the Tai Tai exchange, and ash boxes such as the arista, which were produced in bulk, overseas cloud producers pulled up 400g and 800g. According to Lighcounting, the rate of growth in the global ai cluster was nearly doubled in 2025 after the doubling of the size of the light module in 2024.
Basic data: On September 30, 2024, more than double the growth rate of clients outside of Weida became the dominant force in the market in 2025. The company’s 800g product was delivered in bulk and is expected to continue its upward trend in the second half of the year.
A sufficient technological reserve has been made, and some clients are now seeing a clear demand for lpo products. We believe that the demand for 800 glpo products will be boosted by the increase in the volume of cargo from the British Weida spectrumx, arista, Cisco, and the metaminipack.
The value of the company's inventory is 3.03 billion yuan in three quarters, representing an increase of 35.3 per cent in the ring, or material preparation and product ownership. The value of fixed assets is 1.84 billion in three quarters.
21.9% growth, company expansion simultaneously in Sichuan and Thailand, Thai plant first-stage expansion, expected completion of phase 2 of 24q4, providing solid support for the delivery capacity of large offshore clients. The company launched the 100-800g/1.6t series of light modules and surfaces for current and future ii cluster interconnections this year.
The 400gzr/zr+ and 800gzr/zr+ dry light modules applied to dci. With the development of the data centre training towards multidc distributed training and the growing demand for low-time long-range cloud-end reasoning, the dci light module market is expected to grow rapidly and companies are expected to break through North American equipment and cloud producers.
The Māori rate and net interest rate continue to be high within the industry.
This is an increase of 15.3 pct, mainly due to high-speed product ratios, chip purchasing advantages, and scale effects. With high capacity utilization, we believe that corporate Māori ratios will remain stable in the next few quarters. In addition, companies manage organizational structures, R&D pipelines, and sales.
The team has remained lean and efficient, with sales, management, R & D costs received at 1.0 per cent, 1.4 per cent and 3.0 per cent for the third quarter, and has effectively avoided recent exchange rate risks through foreign exchange hedging. Three quarters, we believe that companies will focus on benefiting from the 800g, lpo, upgrade of North American cloud producers while 1.6t
(Billions of dollars) to maintain the "buy-a" rating. Lower-down infrastructure output, such as gpu servers, is expected to lead to a downward adjustment in the market for light modules: the introduction of new suppliers in North America has led to a decline in the market share of companies: with integrated photon technology
The exhibition module runs the risk of being replaced by higher-integrated optical devices; the friction of economics and technology in China and the United States leads to a reasonable basis for customs duties. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to use the trust I have in my identity, status or practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.