Quick growth in business performance, high-speed output - 3-quarter performance rating in 2024
Three-quarterly reports that during the reporting period the company earned $5,103 million, an increase of 145.82 per cent, resulting in a net return to the mother $1.646 billion, an increase of 283.2 per cent, and a gross profit of 42.34 per cent, an increase of 11.35 pcts, and a net gain of Zhao Liang Bing.
A significant increase in the percentage of output of the velocity light module, coupled with a strong corporate research and development capacity, with significant breakthroughs and advances in the high-speed light module, silicon light module, associated light module and 800 glpo module, is expected to be expected to increase in the company ' s acceptance of the high velocity luminous module and light engine in overseas markets and among large clients.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the performance of the enabling companies continued to rise, maintaining long-term high growth rates. Cost controls were strong, industry upwards were evident: companies had flat sales costs in the first three quarters, management had decreased, absolute values had increased considerably, and the lower cost rate of both led to the overall downside of the cost of the company as a whole.
Maintaining net profits at a higher level, and higher absolute levels of R & D costs have allowed companies to remain at a leading position in the market competition for more high-speed light modules. On the industry side of the rapid growth in the volume of new chips produced by British Weida confirms the current positive growth in overseas cloud company capital spending.
The market for light-based modules has increased from the point of view of the willingness to do so. According to Lightcounting, the luminous modules on the ai side are expected to double in 2024, and the trend may be extended in 2025-2026.
Our producers are expected to grow on the basis of maintaining their current market share, as cloud-based producers continue to invest in the ai-end, with high output and technological advantages, high levels of R & D investment in our manufacturers and high levels of market ownership worldwide, and high levels of market recognition for our light module- and light-engine-related manufacturers.
The company’s overseas producers’ customers are of good quality, and are expected to continue to benefit. Investment advice: We believe that the company’s “recommended” rating is maintained as a result of the development of the ai to the demand side, as a leader in the industry, and as a result of future client expansion expectations.
Less than expected risks, increased industry competition, etc.
2. Communications industry point evaluation report: High performance in British Weida, high-scene continuity of the luminous module 3. [Galactic communication] Communications industry theme report: technology + cost
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.