Performance exceeded expectations, and high growth was achieved through accelerated release of high-end products \triangleright deducting non-mother ' s net profit of $1.644 billion, an increase of 287.73 per cent over the same period.
Current revenue of 2,403 million yuan, an increase of 207.12 per cent, ring growth of 48.79 per cent, net return profit, higher performance in high-end light module release, and high Māori & net interest rate levels: i high demand \triangleright \triangleright
In order to boost the demand for high end-to-light modules, 24q3 company revenue and homecoming net profits increased by 207.12% and 453.07%, respectively. The higher performance was accompanied by continued optimization of the product structure, with the ratio of output to output of high end-to-light modules.
Overall cost control over the company period was good: sales cost was 0.96 per cent for the single quarter of 24q3, compared to the same period.
Increased stock availability during the reporting period due to the Yang Dongqing stint and reserve cycle, and continued intensification of the layout of the frontier areas with the expectation that future industry development opportunities will be fully seized: company level, digital
\triangleright 1. New Le Sein (300502.sz) semi-annual review in 2024: strong field strength is deep, 100 g~1.6 t light is fully covered. Company based on single wave 100g
The first generation of 800gdr8/2xfr4/2xlr4 full series of light modules are in the production phase, while the next generation based on the 800g and 1.6t series of single-channel 200g is in the sample phase and has been tested in the previous period
Validation. The company 400g and 800g silicon light modules are in the production phase for the silicon light module. The latest four-year quarterly evaluation: the performance of a quarter is over-expected, and the development of a 1.6t silicon light module for the Maori ratio has been completed. For the silicon light module, the company 400gzr/zr+ is in progress.
Upgraded significant 2024/04/24 intake phase and successfully rolled out 800gzr/zr+. The company, as the head manufacturer of the luminous module, stimulates corporate confidence, 800g/1.6t is more demanding.
The future is expected to continue to benefit from the great development opportunities offered by the ai. Pe is 40 x 23 x 19 x. The company is strong in the field of luminum modules, with deep binding of overseas head manufacturers, and continues to focus on the breakthroughs of new customers, and is active in the frontier areas of silicon light, lpo, and there are futures.
Short-term pressure does not change long-term development dynamics, with a value of 400g & 800g expected to continue to benefit from the increased demand for high-end light module products brought about by the ai. Maintenance of the `recommended' rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.