Big China Group (002311), double-wheel-drive feed farming, which reported an overperformance of 28 July 2021 billion, an increase of 38.82 per cent over the same period and a net profit of $1.497 billion from non-repatriation.
The net profit is 825 million yuan, an increase of 3.12 per cent over the same period. Performance is higher than expected.
Monthly sales amounted to 1.97 million tons, an increase of 148 per cent. High-growth pre-Māori company fundamentals (update) are high, despite the relatively low Māori rate in South China, where pig feed is growing rapidly and the rate of Māori for pig feed is low.
The competitive advantage of the end-food market is not diminished. Avian feed sales are 4.55 million tons, an increase of 12 per cent compared to the previous year, and water sales are 1.87 million tons, an increase of 21 per cent compared to the previous year. As a result of the South-East Asian epidemic, the supply of raw materials is strained, resulting in higher prices and a slight impact on aquaculture.
Māori rate. In addition, seedlings and physiotherapists have performed well, with a decline in the respective marketing rate and a steady expansion of farm processing. Corporate farming has seen a rapid increase in business income, with 2,372 million yuan in farm production, which is the same increase.
The poultry-breeding business continued to grow at a high rate, with revenues of 11.33 billion yuan or 68 per cent higher during the reporting period. The poultry-breeding and slaughter business is still in its early stages, and the future chain of industry continues to expand.
The $326 million, which is also at the start-up stage, is expected to grow in variety and increase specialization and scale with the company's already well-developed aquaculture industry chain.
Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended for customers of Chinese securities only. The company will not receive this report for recipients.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.