The company review reports that the agro-forestry and fisheries industry is experiencing a high rate of feed growth, with two wings for solid development, the Sea Group (002311.sz)
Performance continued to grow, in line with market expectations of $2021h1 company operating income of $38,191 million, Xie Xiao +47.54 per cent, of which feed, sale of agricultural products, trade in raw materials, microecological agent business, respectively
Compared to 0.93 pct. A small increase in profits due to farming operations. Feeds are growing at a high rate, with a two-wing drive for solid development of the 21h1 company achieving 88.1 million tons of feed sales, i.e. +34 per cent, and Māori at 10.11 per cent, i.e. 1.71 pct (as compared with calibre 1).
The sales of poultry amounted to 4.55 million tons, compared to +12%; the Māori ratio was the same -1.53 pct. The company took advantage of the middle-stage management, using the formulae as a link, to increase its services to large and medium-sized farming companies and to construct two triangles combining formulas, procurement, production inner triangles and formulations, marketing, and external triangles of services
Combining models that increase the market impact of customized product services with large-scale farm-raising companies, with negative sales growth. 2) The sales of pigs are 1.97 million tons, compared to +148%; the Māori ratio is the same as +3.9pt. Companies are recognized for the quality of their products, resulting in a high growth in pork products; the sales of the front end materials are equal to +50%.
The product structure led to a decrease in the contribution of pig feed due to the rapid growth of the lower-than-supreme large pig feed in South China. 3) The volume of fish sold was 1.87 million tons, which, in the same year, was severely affected by the new crown epidemic in South-East Asia, such as Viet Nam, and was strained by the supply and prices of raw materials.
The impact of multiple adverse factors, such as the rise in the number of gestations and the blockage of exports of water products, and while the volume of marketed water feed outside the country has increased slightly during the reporting period, the rate of Maori has declined significantly, affecting the overall level of aqueous fodder. In addition, company-driven insurance operations and seedling operations have synergized growth, with Māori rates remaining above 50 per cent.
By the end of the reporting period, nearly 60 sites had been set up, and livestock income has doubled, driven and driven by service stations. Companies have developed a solid industrial chain, driven by strong feed products and a combination of high-quality seedlings and kinetic services.
Growing income from pig farming, starting 2021h1 Avian and Aquaculture Farming, which generated 2,372 million yuan, compared to 77 per cent, was affected by the fall in prices of pig production, with a Māori rate of -22 per cent.
In addition, the company is involved in poultry farming and slaughtering, which is still a relatively small model, and the company's extension of the poultry industry chain. The company's aquaculture service is in the early stages. We're looking at the company's industrial chain competition in aquaculture and livestock farming.
Investment suggests that companies should be integrated into the agro-pastoral chain, with multi-operational synergies. As livestock production increases and aquaculture becomes better, the company’s three main feed products will continue.
Keeping up the trend of rapid growth. We look forward to a combination of company feed, kinetic security, seedlings, and co-development. 1, The risks of weather anomalies and diseases affecting the feeding industry; 2, The risks of large fluctuations in the prices of raw materials;
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.