Larger group (002311.sz) Agroforestry and Fishery forage ii increased external sales of fodder by 31 per cent in the first half of the year. The company sold 8.81 million tons of feed in the first half of 2021.
With 420,000 tons, the increase was 34% in the same year, with 8.39 million tons of feed sold out, 31% higher than 21.1% in the industry. Forage product sales revenue was $30102.93 million, 48% more than in the same year, feed material prices increased, while companies used futures hedging tools to lock in raw material costs and part of futures hedging profits.
In the first half of 2021, the company sold 1.97 million tons of pig feed, a year-on-year increase in farm capacity, and the company's investment in research and development and disease control systems has been increasing in recent years.
In addition to the increase in the price of raw materials, there has been a significant increase of more than two times in the number of big pigs in South China, from which the level of hog feed is lower.
In the first half of 2021, the company sold 4.55 million tons of poultry feed, an increase of 12 per cent in the same year, Chen Jinzhi's Māori rate of 1.53 percentage points in the same year.
-10.2% and -4.1%, the company’s sales of poultry have grown in reverse. During the downturn in the poultry feed industry, the company has taken advantage of the middle management advantage, using the formulae as a link, to increase its services to large and medium-sized farming companies and to increase its market influence over customized product services with large farming companies.
Aquaculture sales increased by 21% on the same basis, and the product structure was further optimized. The company’s sales of aquatic feed in the first half of 2021 fell by 1.23 percentage points from the same year to year, with China’s largest group: 1.87 million tons in the 2020 and 2021 Quarterly reports, an increase of 21 per cent in the same year, higher than the industry’s 9.4 per cent increase.
The structure of the company’s domestic aquaculture products has been further optimized, with a sharp increase in shrimp crabs and special fish feed, with domestic sales of shrimp crab feed increasing by 35% over the same period. South-East Asia, such as Viet Nam, was severely affected by the new crown epidemic in the first half of the year.
The supply of raw materials has been strained, prices have risen significantly, exports of water products have been blocked, and the rate of Maori forage abroad has declined significantly, thus lowering the overall level of Maori forage.
The growth of seedlings and mobile insurance operations has been relatively rapid. 508 million sales revenue was realized in the first half of 2021.
In the first half of 2021, the company’s seedlings generated sales revenue of $503 million, an increase of 44 per cent in the same year, and a decline in the rate of pig-breeding Maori. In the first half of 2021, the company’s pig-breeding business received $2372 million, an increase of 77 per cent, a decline of 22 per cent in the price of pig-breeding.
We believe that the downswing in hog prices in the second quarter is one of the main reasons for the company’s recent market performance. After recent adjustments and steady hog prices, we believe that the negative expectations of hog prices have gradually been absorbed. The strong performance of the feed business in the company during the first half of the year is expected to increase market confidence in the future growth of the company’s feed business, followed by the next three quarters.
The feed sales season and the company’s future feed business layout are expected to return to the market’s main focus. While we continue to focus on the Sea Group, the main logic is: (1) the 2021 feed dynamic plate is in a landscape cycle, in which it is a framework for taking stock of performance growth, continuity, and valuation levels.
We believe that the year after 2017, the annual aquatic feed is expected to rise, and that the prices of water products and the aquatic feed industry have risen since the beginning of 2021.
The same-square increase has been initially confirmed; (3) the company is expected to accelerate the expansion of production capacity and the integration of industrial M&As, with broad coverage and clear objectives; (5) the company is beginning to deploy anti-septic feed plates, anti-septic feed seeps, low permeability, high growth rates, market fragmentation, a blue sea to be developed, and it is expected to be another in the medium and long term for the company.
Risk of volatility in the prices of raw materials such as fish powder and corn beans.