Sea Group (002311). High feed in the main camp. Rapid growth. Long-term advantages continue to strengthen the Sea Group.
Incident: The company disclosed its semi-annual report for 2021, with business income of $38,191 million from 2021h1, a collection of R & D, production and marketing of water feed, a mix of animal feed and water feed, and healthy farming
The main feed industry has continued to grow and farm prices have slowed its performance. The company’s main business feed business has accelerated for high-tech companies operating in the main business, and core business has grown, with a total of 8.81 million tons (including 420,000 tons) of feed sold in the first half of the year, an increase of 34 per cent over the same year.
It's aquatic feed, seedlings, and kinetic products. The company has produced 197, 455 and 1.87 million tons of pork, poultry and aquatic products for sale, respectively, in order to achieve production in priority aquaculture areas throughout the country.
The same-year increase of 148%, 12%, and 21%, respectively, resulted in a much higher than expected increase in feed sales, especially pigs. On the profit side, the price of feed raw materials rose more than the price of feed, and the industry’s profit margins were compressed, but the company managed to achieve 1.86 by using the cost of raw materials procurement and current-time combinations.
Millions of yuan in derivative investment returns and a steady increase in combined profitability. Corporate pig-breeding activities expanded steadily, achieving sales revenues of 2,372 million yuan over the reporting period, a 77 per cent increase over the same period. Core advantages have continued to grow as a result of the growth of the two wings of commonness and internal outreach.
The growth in gas and seedlings is expected to lead to a sustained increase in sales of aquatic materials; a sustained recovery in pig farming will lead to a sustained increase in the demand for pig food; and an increase in the contribution of poultry and anti-powder through customized services and deep-farming in the industry.
The cost advantages and product strength of multidimensional linkages such as production, sales and so forth continue to be highlighted, and endogenous growth is strong, while firms are able to achieve long-term growth by extending and buying feed capacity through mergers and acquisitions, using the management and information-based dimensions of the company ' s available resources.
Target. In addition, company-backed dynamic seeding operations are maintained as two wings of feed, with a Māori ratio of more than 50%, and mobile service stations provide comprehensive services to farmers and contribute to the company’s performance. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: we look at the company’s nuclear power, including cost advantages and product power.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the Great Sea Group (002311).
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Great Sea Group (0023111) has been growing at a very rapid pace, and the long-term advantage continues to grow.
Xingxim, Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States of America, joined the East Hing Stock Exchange in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry, focusing on the sub-sectors of livestock farming, feed, animal protection, pet food, etc.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.