Volatility in debt markets delayed a quarterly report of performance, with a high increase in silver security driven by growth in nbv, China Pacific (601601.sh) 2025
The Chinese Quarterly Review of Volatility in Debt Markets in the 1st quarter of 2025 was delayed by the performance of the 1st quarter, and the high level of silver security was driven by growth in nbv. It was expected that the restructuring of the bond market in the 1st quarter would slow corporate investment returns and cover financial losses by reducing investment services on a year-on-year basis
The difference between the discount rate and the spot rate for corporate insurance contract liabilities in the context of a one-quarter increase in interest rates is the result. (3) Quarterly Nbv 5.78 billion, an increase of 11.3 per cent (non-retroactive) from the same year, is in line with our expectation that the end of the liability is expected to increase at a faster rate than that of our peers; Treasury insurance benefits are better than the same +36 per cent increase; and the core repayment of the life insurance policy is sustainable.
The power adequacy rate was 140%, an increase of about 10 pct over the previous quarter. (4) We maintained the Arctic Star Program in 2025, Nbv, with a marked increase in the share of the premium, a high increase in the silver cover channel, an overall increase in the value of the bond, an increase in the growth of the new bill and the netv, and an increase in the share of the risk.
(1) Non-retroactive life insurance at 2025q1 nbv per annum + 11.3 per cent, with a new policy premium of $42.4 billion, which has been growing faster than +29 per cent. By channel, a new insurance policy of 13.7 billion dollars, with a pressure of minus 15 per cent, and a higher insurance premium, which drives an improvement in nbv. Nbv is higher than +39 per cent, with a marked increase in the value ratio under a comparable caliber.
It is expected to be affected mainly by the projected interest rate reduction. (2) The company ' s product structure is optimized, with a premium of 1.1 per cent for the new red risk policy, equal to the rate of 1.1 per cent for the same year; and the productivity of the newcomer, with an increase of 18.9 per cent in the same number of staff and an improvement in the coor, driving the growth in the performance of the insurance policy, with the net return on investment being equal to the same rate
(1) $2025q1 realizes the original insurance premium income of $63.1 billion, an increase of 1.0 per cent over the same period, of which the original insurance insurance policy: Trends in the continuation of life insurance benefits, assuming adjustments of 26.8 billion, an increase of 1.3 per cent over the same period, and the non-car insurance premium income of $36.3 billion, a rise of the same rate.
The next increase in nbv – China's 2024 evaluation – is 0.7% longer. The income from insurance services was 47.7 billion, an increase of 4.8% over the same year, with a combined cost of insurance of 97.4%, and a net return on corporate investment of 0.8%, the same rate; the total return on investment was 1.0%, a decrease of 0.3 million.
End-of-liability support upward valuation - China Pacific performance