The silver insurance channels are growing brightly and net profit fluctuations are not changing their long-term resilience
The year 2024, China's Taibo (601601.sh) reported a bright performance on both ends, and the “long-boat” transition went even further - 2 life insurance: the quality of the ESP operations remained good, and the landing effects of the Long-Step II Arctic Star were evident.
Continue to optimize and raise the ratio of red risk: the cost of the liability of the premium on the scale of the company ' s 1q25 new policy, to mitigate potential “breath-over” risks in a low interest rate environment, and to contribute to better asset access: the core of the risk channel remains robust, the quality is positive and the key indicators of the silver cover channel are comprehensive
As a matter of fact, the premium has increased considerably. 1) Insurance: Keeping the performance team up, Long Air II: "Arctic Stars, 10,000 people, +1.1%, core workforce stable, 13 months retention rate for newcomers, +4.8 pct; 2) Silver insurance: "Report One" and "Silver 1-to 3" restrictions, with the Quality Insurance Fund released.
The goal is to keep value at its core, the team capacity is constantly improving, the core indicators are generally improving, the size premium is equal to +10.7.8 per cent to $25.722 billion per quarter, and the scale premium is equal to +86.1 per cent to 45.11 Insurance: the size of the liability is small and the coor is optimal.
A steady and progressive tone, with a modest increase in the size of the premium from 1.0 per cent to $6.3108 billion, with car insurance and non-portability rates of 0.6-97.4 per cent optimized by the same margin, accompanied by a refined management of the new energy insurance business model, control and operation of the non-car insurance end, and the expectation that the coor will continue the trend of small optimization and consolidation.
Asset management: Debt markets and stock markets have experienced shocks, total investment returns during the first quarter have been slightly higher than in the previous quarter, and overall investment returns have fluctuated mainly as a result of the restructuring of debt markets and stock markets, particularly as a result of the restructuring of debt markets since March (a rebound of long-end interest rates).
Investment proposal: 1q25 with excellent performance in life insurance operations, high nbv with a basic human capital risk channel \triangleright steady, with continued growth in the silver insurance channel, with an optimal red risk coverage compared to the product structure brought about by the upgrading, q2
The company’s risk-producing and non-car-risking operations are expected to contribute to the continued small optimization of the coor and to the solidified profit base. The company’s broad asset allocation is stable, and it is expected to continue to benefit from the expected macroeconomic rebound in equity.
End-of-end interest rates are over-expected, and risk management reforms are not as fast as expected. Figure 1: China's new insurance policy premium and the same rate increase. Figure 2: China's new business value and the same rate increase.
Figure 3: Combined cost rates of insurance insurance coverage, Figure 4: Average monthly insurance salesmen in China, Figure 5: Rate of return on investment in China
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.