The premium for the new insurance policy increased by 13.7 per cent over the same period, and the return on total investment was reported in the Chinese Quarterly of 2025 (601601).
Life insurance nbv performed well, with a significant increase in the new insurance premium for the silver channel. In the first quarter of 2025, too-life insurance achieved $118,422 million in size insurance, an increase of 11.8 per cent compared to the previous year.
The total number of people in the pipeline has grown steadily, and the share of the premium has continued to rise. At the end of the quarter, 188,000 insurance salesmen, representing an increase of 1.1 per cent over the same period; core workforce capacity, which remains stable, with the first annual premium of $83,000 per person per month for core manpower; and 18.2 per cent of the premium for the new insurance scale.
Roe(ttm) Production insurance rate has improved by the same amount. (1) In the first quarter of 2025, EPP achieved the original insurance premium of $63,108 million, an increase of 1.0 per cent, with vehicle insurance and non-car insurance premium revenues.
The rate of return on total investment fell the same year. At the end of the first quarter of 2025, the Chinese TPS investment asset stood at 2.81 billion yuan, an increase of 2.8% compared to the previous year’s end, with a net return on investment of 0.8%, the same rate;
The overall return on investment was 1.0 per cent, a decline of 0.3 percentage points over the same period, mainly due to the fall in interest rates on bonds during the first quarter of the year, which led to a decline in the fair value of the assets of the fvtpl bond, which has held back the investment.
We believe that short-term volatility in capital markets does not alter the company's long-term resilience and maintain the Chinese Taibo “buy-in” rating. As of April 25, China's Taibo pev was 0.53 and China's net profit is expected to be 45,211 million yuan in 2025.
The risks that are expected to lead to a decrease in premium premiums; the risk that the rapid downside of long-end interest rates will lead to a higher than expected drop in returns on asset-end investments; and the wind that the continued tightening of regulatory policies will make new policy sales more difficult The “market index” of this rating system,a with a reference point of 300 in depth, and the new three-board reference point of three.
“Stead” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk”, “stable” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”, “positive” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.