Cost as a high-quality improvement, industry leads more than the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre recommends logic: as a well-deserved industry leader, many business performance indicators in business banks have been in the business for some years.
In the first place, the core competitive advantages can be summarized as: low-cost indebtedness, asset pricing, capital money, credit quality, and risk control. With these advantages, the industry has demonstrated greater profitability and resilience in its business development and has moved towards a world-class force.
• The policy environment is strong, and the industry is strong. While new regulations and regulations have slowed down the overall regulatory pace, the goal of deleveraging and addressing financial risks has not wavered, and bank-wide credit has remained prudent. In this regulatory environment, we believe that competition and regulation from the market have taken place.
Business and industry banks have a strong capital stock of 15.14% in 2017, far above the regulatory red line and behind the construction of banks in five major businesses.
Cost advantages are clear, credit quality is improved. At the end of the debt, the industry, with its strong capital strength and large marketing networks, has accumulated a wealth of customer resources, while at the same time giving companies a greater advantage over low-cost liabilities.
The industry is dominated by corporate financial operations, with demand deposits of up to 50 per cent and interest-bearing liabilities costing only 1.57 per cent in 2017, which are low in the industry. At the end of the asset, the firm’s return on the end of the asset, although in the middle of the industry, is relatively good in terms of the quality of the asset, and the company has increased the write-off of bad assets by tightening credit clearance points.
Disposal, adverse asset-generation rates are declining each year. We believe that, against a background of reasonable liquidity, it is expected that the cost of savings at the end of the Bank’s liabilities will be expected to fall marginally, while the demand for credit at the end of the estate will remain strong, and that the Bank will be expected to gain a greater margin of interest between assets and liabilities to enhance corporate performance.
As the macroeconomic environment stabilizes, credit asset quality continues to improve, and debt end cost margins drops, we believe that the industry nim may continue to grow, while pre-company profits (ppop) are expected to continue to grow faster, leading to a steady recovery in corporate roe. Business and industry banks are expected to recover.
Dollars, first-time coverage, rating given to “buy-in.” Quality deterioration: deposit costs increase significantly or narrow the space for company interest differentials. 1 Company profile: industry leaders and changers
The business bank was born on 1 January 1984 as a major professional national bank to take over the business credit and savings business of the People’s Bank. Following the 2005 reform of the company’s stock system, the development of shares with the public, both domestic and foreign, began in October 2006 with a historic shift to simultaneous listing in Shanghai and Hong Kong.
By the end of 2017, the company had 6.271 million corporate customers and 567 million individual customers worldwide, five years in a row with the British Bankers magazine, the World Bank, 1,000 in the United States.
Business banks include: corporate finance, personal finance, capital, and other operations. As a leading state-owned business bank, business banking is well structured, with the highest share of corporate financial revenue and has been stable for the last five years.
At the same time, as a percentage point of individual retailing in recent years, it is clear that companies have consolidated their business while also investing in individual retailing to increase profitability. This can be seen in the sustained rise in net profit-to-contribution contributions from individual industry financial operations over the last two years.
Since its inception, the core business indicators of assets size, operating income, net profits, etc. of business banks have long been in the forefront of the business, with very strong financial resources. According to the latest data from the first quarterly report in 2018, the size of the assets of business banks grew by 6.38 per cent, to 26,49 trillion yuan.
On the one hand, based on strong capital, strong power, and good branding, the industry relies on a dense offline network of high-quality external customer resources, which form the basis and tentacle for business banks to develop other business: on the other hand, significant scale effects have shrugged corporate transport.
By the end of 2017, business banks had 16,092 networks, second only to the agricultural ones. With a powerful network of channels, companies received 567 million individual customers and 6.271 million company customers, in a heated line of business.
Overarching dominance in industrial competition. 2 Industry analysis: moderate policy fine-tuning, industry re-entering strong, 2.1 policy marginal, but unaltered, regulatory environment of excellence.
After conducting a series of ad hoc governance inspections in the first half of the year in response to market misalignments such as “regulation arbitrage, arbitrage, association arbitrage”, “incompetent innovation, mistransaction, undue incentives, and undue fees” in the industry, the mpa macroprudential regulatory system has been further refined to evaluate business-related indicators in commercial banks, leading to continuous industry regulation.
In 2018, with new regulations and rules on financial management, commercial banks’ fiscal management approaches to public consultation, the industry-wide regulatory environment continued the policy direction of deleveraging. While there was some easing in the pace of regulation and enforcement, the original intent to address financial risks remained unshaked.
Table 1: Summary of key industrial policies, 2017-2018. In the absence of a substantial shift in policy direction, overall business development in the banking sector will continue to evolve towards regulation and prudence, and challenges remain in breaking the trade-off and tightening leverage constraints.
Despite the rapid growth in recent years, which has generated substantial fees and fees for commercial banks, shadow banks have accumulated more potential risk factors because of the difficulties of regulation that they often face at the end of their years. In particular, unmarked assets in foreign finance operations are overstretched. Under the guidance of the mpa macro-prudential system, the banking sector as a whole has been in a downward spiral.
Leverage has remained at a low level of about 15 times. Figure 7: Banking leverage has continued to decline. With new regulations in 2018, commercial banks have returned to their outward assets in the larger context of deleveraging and de-routing.
In this regulatory environment, we believe that market competition and regulatory influence are more conducive to the development of large state-owned banks.
State-owned banks are well-funded, capital adequacy is consistently maintained at high levels; at the same time, business strategies are robust, lending is relatively high, off-the-shelf assets are relatively low, and there are less pressure for business adjustment in a strong regulatory policy environment. At the same time, the ability to resist the risks of market volatility is stronger, and it is hoped that competitive advantages will be further consolidated in future market patterns.
2.2 Macro-policies send a positive signal that banks will increase credit delivery, and the downward pressure on our economy has increased since 2018, with exports, consumption, and investment driving the economy changing its motor surface. Among these, exports, which have been exacerbated by trade disputes between China and the United States, global economic recovery has slowed, demand has not been sufficiently motivated, etc.
As far as domestic consumption is concerned, the country is still in the transition from a productive to a cost-effective society, supported by policies to expand domestic demand. But, the shift in consumption perceptions and the rise in consumption levels are not overnight, but rather a longer stage of nurturing and short-term economic pull.
Real estate investment and capital investment are two important components of a solid asset-based investment structure. From historical data, our real estate investment has been growing steadily for a long time, although in 2017 it was influenced by policy regulation factors.
Growth slowed somewhat, but remained at 7.4% in the first half of 2018. Correspondingly, investment in infrastructure fell rapidly after reaching a high of 27.3% in February 2017, falling to 7.3% in June 2018, mainly as a result of increased control by the Ministry of Finance over the increase in local hidden debt in 2017 and the promotion of local integration.
The market-based transformation of the capital platform’s companies has slowed the growth of local capital investment projects, given that earlier economic policy conferences have fine-tuned macroeconomic policies in the light of current real economic developments, introducing more aggressive fiscal policies and sound monetary policies to ensure that financial markets are reasonably liquid.
We judge that more liberal policy measures will follow or will be put in place to stabilize investment growth, particularly credit for infrastructure development, and that support will continue to increase, thereby ensuring that commercial bank credit sizes maintain a more stable growth trend. 2.3 Bank risk preferences will decline and credit asset pricing will shift.
During the first half of 2018, macroeconomic growth was under pressure, external trade disputes between Central America and the United States continued to warm, internal supply-side reforms and environmental constraints, the deteriorating business environment for some businesses, the risk of credit default, and the risk preference of banks in overall credit lending were significantly reduced. Meanwhile, in the financial market’s deleveraging and deepening phase, banks faced retrenchment pressures on their outward assets.
The weakening of the supply of funds for trusts and managed products also puts some pressure on the flow of financial resources of some firms financed through non-banking institutions. In bond markets, the market’s interest in corporate credit ratings has increased significantly owing to the risk exposure of the overall credit environment, and some low-rating firms have experienced a significant increase in the difficulty of issuing debt, even when the cost of bond financing is more obvious than in the past.
During the period of economic upturn, the exposure of some entities to credit risks has put some pressure on the quality of bank credit assets, and since 2012 the overall negative rate of commercial banks has continued to rise, remaining at more than 1.7% for nearly three years. Based on the underlying rise in credit risk, commercial banks have significantly reduced their risk preferences over new lending and have tightened their lending approvals.
In the light of the new credit structure of banks in the first half of the year, short-term loans and instrument financing have continued to increase in size, with overall weighted average lending rates rising faster, reflecting the convergence of credit asset pricing powers with commercial banks, and the increased bargaining power of banks to invest in credit lines.
Analysis by 3 companies: Cost advantages are clear, credit approvals are prudent, 3.1 cost advantages are clear, and scale effects are prominent. Cost advantages at the end of the debt are the most obvious competitive advantages of business banks compared to their counterparts.
It shows that the average interest rate on interest-paying liabilities is as low as 1.57% of the 26 listed banks and is among the top bankers. As the largest state-owned commercial bank in the country, the business banks have established a solid customer base in the country’s towns and cities, with a large network of low-line, strong capital and high-quality branding influence, and with government agencies and large and medium-sized state companies.
Compared to the average savings structure of business banks and industry, it is clear that business banks are far ahead of the industry average in terms of the ratio of public deposits. A large number of high-quality institutional clients bring a stable low-cost average of 20 percentage points to the industry, forming a vast bailout river at the end of the debt.
Looking to the future, we believe that while interest rate marketization has increased competitive pressure on banks to disrupt deposits, the acceleration of the balance sheet of external financial assets over and above the new regulations will put some upward pressure on the industry as a whole on the cost of indebtedness, but it will be reflected in specific banking institutions or will be fragmented. Business and industry banks, with their stable partnership with institutional clients, are expected to benefit from the city.
It is worth noting that, while a natural moat for business banks has been created by a large offline network, some shocks are inevitable at a time when mobile payments and Internet finance are on the rise.
For example, the offline network is a tentacle for banking access, which, although less accessible in terms of convenience, continues to play an irreplaceable role in business start-up and household development. At the same time, the role of first-sifterers in client screening and risk prevention remains low in the short term.
As the largest commercial bank in the country, the Bank of Commerce and Industry has a natural advantage in terms of channel construction and access to human resources, as measured by the “managerial costs/total assets” indicator, and the management costs of its assets are low in the industry.
At a low level of industry, among listed banks, there is only one higher cost to the company from a scale effect in the process of generating revenue than there is in Poufan Bank. In recent years, as macroeconomic downward pressure has increased, the risk of market credit default has increased, and the risk of credit lending has declined in the industry as a whole. As a State-owned commercial bank, the business banking strategy has been sound, with the investment of credit assets.
The principle of strict lending has always been the principle of strict qualification management. Structuredly, the industrial banks invest more in business loans than in business loans: by industry classification, business banks invest more in manufacturing, utilities, wholesale and retail trade, shipping warehouses, and premises with more balanced and diversified credit.
Strict management of credit client qualifications has long kept the quality of credit assets of business banks at a high level, as reflected in the indicator that corporate non-performing lending rates are consistently below industry averages. With structural changes on the external supply side in recent years resulting in improved corporate profitability, there has been a clear trend towards a better quality of corporate loan end-of-life assets.
The disposal and digestion of non-performing stock loans and the rate of generation of non-performing corporate loans are also declining from year to year. The latest non-performing lending rate for the first quarter of 2018 was 1.54 per cent, a decrease of 0.01 percentage points from the end of 2017, which continues the negative rate since 2016.
The standard for the recognition of bad assets is also more stringent. By comparing the ratio of credit assets over 90 days, it can be found that a company ' s non-performing lending rate is about 20 per cent higher than its credit assets over 90 days, and that it has a higher percentage of poor credit claims than its counterparts, suggesting that the company ' s risk controls over credit assets are more cautious and that assets are of a higher quality.
Businesses have less advantage at the end of their assets than their counterparts, but this is mainly due to firm scrutiny of loan qualifications and lower credit risk preferences. Reflecting the net interest differential, business banks, by virtue of their advantage at the end of the debt, are at the upstream level of the industry, and among the state-owned banks are second only to the agricultural banks, reaching
2.3%. In the future, we believe that, as market interest rates go further down, the advantage of business banks at the end of the debt will become more apparent, while assets at the end of the estate are expected to continue to improve, with a sustained net profit spread, with a strong profit potential and a well-deserved industry. With the cost advantage at the end of the liability and a robust asset-side style, the workforce is expected to continue to grow.
Merchant banks have grown steadily in recent years, and profit levels are higher in the industry. Both roa and roe are above the industry average, with 1.14 per cent in 2017 and 0.98 per cent above the industry average; roe is 13.96 per cent above the industry average.
Figure 28: Comparison between business banks and industry-wide roe (%) 3.3 Adequate capital and less pressure on regulation Low capital adequacy at the core level of the banking sector, primary capital adequacy and capital adequacy at the lowest level under the Basel Agreement
The requirements are 5%, 6%, and 8%, respectively. And our capital adequacy regulations for commercial banks include minimum capital requirements, reserve capital and countercyclical capital requirements, systemically important bank additional capital requirements, and second pillar capital requirements. Reserve capital requirements are 2.5% of risk-weighted assets to be met by core-level capital.
Low capital requirements and reserve capital requirements are based on counter-cyclical capital requirements. Counter-cyclical capital requirements are 0 to 2.5 per cent of risk-weighted assets, which are met by core-level capital. Domestic system-critical banks require 1 per cent of risk-weighted additional capital, which is met by core-level capital.
The data for the first quarter of 2018 show that the core-level capital adequacy rate, the primary capital adequacy rate and the capital adequacy rate of 12.64 per cent, 13.33 per cent, and 15.09 per cent, respectively, are second only to the construction of banks in the State-owned commercial banks. And if the net capital size of the business banks is to be seen only in terms of net capital size, the net capital size of the banks reached 247.752 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2018, in this case
In this context, commercial banks have an absolute advantage, with their strong capital, and their ability to withstand risks is significantly better than that of their counterparts, and the financial sector will tend to be more regulated in the future as new regulations are in place. In this context, commercial banks are limited in their business expansion and face the pressure of off-the-shelf capital returns.
The statistics show that business banks accounted for 71.86 per cent of interest income in 2017, higher than the industry average. The fiscal balance of business and banking was 11.5 per cent of total assets in the first quarter of 2018, which is still well below the industry average, despite a slow upward trend over previous years.
Figure 30: Partially listed bank interest income in 2017 (%) Figure 31: Business and Industry Bank balance as a share of total assets (%) 3.4 Retail transformation to improve profitability and financial science and technology to boost efficiency
Companies have made considerable progress in the transition to retail business in recent years, and the contribution of retail business to the company’s overall revenue and profits has increased markedly. In retail lending, in particular, although the past has been more heavily influenced by the public sector, the share of retail lending is lower than the industry average, but with the industry’s growth in recent years, it has become more dynamic in terms of developing retail business.
More and more, the industry’s investment in retail lending is increasing, pushing for a sustained increase in the share of individual retail lending, with the gap between the industry’s averages narrowing from year to year. With regard to the structure of individual retail lending, the industry takes full advantage of its own capital and network advantages, mainly individuals.
Housing mortgages account for nearly 80 per cent of the total; then credit card lending, which accounts for more than 10 per cent. The credit card operations of the firms have grown significantly in recent years, reaching 143 million cards in aggregate at the end of 2017, representing an increase of 19.2 per cent in the same year, creating a customer base for credit card revenues. In private banking, the number of private bankers reached 755 million in 2017.
In addition, the convergence of finance and technology has led to an upswing in the strategic planning of Internet finance for business banks. In March 2015, the Bank officially launched the Internet finance brand e-icbc, as well as three main platforms and three product lines (e-icbc1.0 version).
• In September 2015, the formal listing of the Corporate Network Finance Centre was established, with the construction of the “Three Platforms, One Centre” product system and the introduction of a clearer and improved strategy for the development of Internet finance (e-icbc 2.0); in August 2017, the Bank announced the creation of the Cyberfinance Department, based on the former Ministry of Electronic Banking, to accelerate the drive for Internet finance e-icbc 2.0
e-icbc3.0 The strategy of smart banks has been upgraded, and seven major innovation laboratories (e-icbc3.0 version) have been set up. On the basis of the firm’s continued expansion of financial and technological inputs and applications, retail customers have been growing rapidly, we believe that future retail operations will continue to increase their profitability to the public.
3.5 The internationalization strategy is ahead, and the contribution of affiliates to the upgrading of internationalization and integrated operations is the key word for the development of business banks as a whole. In recent years, our financial institutions, represented by commercial banks, have stepped up their outreach. As of the first quarter of 2018, the banking sector in our country was on the rise.
External financial assets broke the $1 trillion mark, a 13.7 per cent increase, and business banks, as the head of the wave of internationalization of banking, have steadily advanced their internationalization strategy in recent years. Business banking points and customers cover the world, and offshore institutions are increasingly contributing to the group’s profits. By the end of 2017, the Bank had established 419 institutions in 45 countries and territories.
The share of offshore institutions in the group has gradually increased. The total assets of offshore institutions have increased from 5.85% to 8.98% of the group at the end of 2012; pre-tax profits have doubled from 7.02% to double the share of the group in 2012.
As the largest financial group in the country, business and industry banks have the advantage of a combination of funds, insurance, leasing, and investment banks, and fund management and financial leasing are among the leading players.
The size of the profits, the size of the industry, the size of the profits, the size of the industry, and the size of the Sino-Chinese leases, which are also growing steadily as they move forward with the transition, are far ahead of other major financial leasing companies, contributing about 1.24% to the net profits of the group. In addition, to speed up the financing of the operations worldwide, October 2017, Sino-China (global)
In Hong Kong, it has been established as a global platform for managing the assets of the industry. For the entire industry, before and after the introduction of the new regulations, 10 stock-based commercial banks have announced the formation of a capital-management subsidiary with registered capital ranging from $1 billion to $8 billion. In the context of strengthening industry regulation and preventing financial risk management, banks will set up an investment-management subsidiary.
For the valuation of business banks, we believe that there should be a comparison between domestic and foreign levels. In the domestic market, the BWI, as a well-deserved leader of the industry, has a number of business performance indicators.
A strong capital power and a vast network of influences, which have an absolute advantage in the cost of indebtedness; in terms of assets, the industry’s business style is robust, credit assets are of good quality and bad rates are consistently low in the industry. By virtue of the advantage of the two ends of the asset liability, the industry’s net interest differentials are at the upper level of the industry, while there is still room for expansion in the future.
In the offshore market, compared to the world’s leading industry, the estates are large, the capital is relatively abundant, and the profitability is in the forefront, but they are subject to low interest differentials, high asset failures, and the potential for performance growth is not fully released, thus discouraging the overall valuation, which, in our view, is at cost as the future shift towards retailing continues to deepen.
At the same time, as debt-to-equity policies accelerate the company’s progress in the collection, transfer, and write-off of bad assets, companies are expected to move closer to world-class valuations. Combined with domestic and foreign market patterns, we believe that business banks should have a reasonable relative valuation level within 1.1-1.3 times pb.
We use the three-stage ddm valuation for the next three years as a short-term, the next 10 years as a transitional growth period, followed by the Beta coefficient 1.1 times, with a discount rate of 10.1 per cent; (2) assuming that the red rate remains constant at 30 per cent; and (3) assuming the multiple dimensions of the equity overgrowth phase
For future corporate growth, we make the following assumptions: (1) the growth in corporate deposits over the next three years will maintain a steady growth trend, and the elasticity of performance resulting from the upgrades, we have chosen a more conservative method of relative valuation, giving business and industry banks greater regulation or downward pressure on industry valuations; lower economic cycles or deterioration of the quality of corporate assets; cost of deposits
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, nor for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.