Center for Resource and Environmental Research (CREDES) Company performance is as expected, and the company's growth rate is high.
With profits of 3,564 million, an increase of 64.33 per cent over the same period, the company ' s performance in 2020 was positive and the multi-product price support company performed well: during the reporting period, the company ' s performance in 2020 grew by 35.34 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and we analysed the contribution of prices that were greater than the quantitative contribution.
Specifically, the domestic market for va powder in 2020 of 0.5 million iu/g averaged 392.91/kg for 42.43 per cent of the year; and the domestic market in vd3 of 500,000 iu/g averaged 177.33 yuan/kg for the same year.
The domestic market for ecstasy averaged $20.21/kg, an increase of 9.44 per cent over the same period; of this, ve, biogen, va contributed to the main performance gains.
The pattern of competition has been greatly optimized, and the bio-eathing industry has been set up: Tesman's acquisition has enabled competition patterns in the Deve sector to be optimized, and we believe that the price hub is expected to be sustained in the long term at 4. "The company's performance is over-expected, and the company's growth is high -
At the same time, the company is actively setting up a bio-ferment process, and the landing of the Heilongjiang bio-eggage project will boost the company’s industrial profile in this area. Improving the industrial chain to facilitate the weakening of the cycle’s properties, and building a future integrated solution: the nutrient plate.
There is a steady increase in revenue from fragrance operations, product applications cover a wide range of areas, and companies are expected to keep up their prices at high-market rates; new materials, plate layouts are moving steadily, and production and energy release performance increases. The company currently has 15,000 tonnes per year.
Tons/years of pa capacity, which is expected to become one of the cutting edges of the company's new profit gain, with the gradual release of the capacity, is one of many products with a strong market position and pricing power.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment