Project construction is progressing steadily, and there is a strong sense of development confidence among the workforce Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) The company was announced to have earned $3.74 billion in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 42.6 per cent over the same period.
The net profit of the mother is 1.140 billion yuan, an increase of 26.3 per cent in the same year, and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company netting off the non-normal gains and losses is 1.09 billion yuan, an increase of 24.0 per cent in the same year.
On October 15, 2020, 100,000 tons of installations in the annual production of 250,000 tons of ecstasy were deactivated and tested and the production line was officially operational. As of December 31, 2020, prices for the company had moved in comparison with the depth of 300 tons.
The remaining 150,000 tons are planned and the overall process is manageable. The project is a company ' s 2017 fund-raising project for a total sum of $4.87 billion, mainly based on the self-research and development of the Olysium Acid Production Process by the Department of Public Administration for natural gas, acrylicene, methanol, sulphur, etc.
For raw materials such as liquid ammonia, which is used for the production of protein amino acid using the heinogeneous method, the recovery period is 9.64 years (including a construction period of 4 years) and the Heilongjiang fermentation project is progressing steadily, with a phase officially commissioned.
On October 15, 2020, the first phase of the Heilongjiang fermentation project was officially launched. The project is an investment project in Heilongjiang New and Integrated Biotech Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of the Ministry, and will be completed with the addition of chlorophyll, cosmogic acid, starch milk pure, glucose pureness, and pearol (70% content) every year.
At the end of the year, the company will further consolidate its leadership in the field of fine chemical products. According to company estimates in 2018, when the project is effective, it will bring the company about 2 billion won in a third round of stock holdings to complete stock purchases and demonstrate firm development commitment.
On 27 February 2021, the company announced that, as at 26 February, the third period of the company ' s employee holdings was planned to purchase a total of 844.3 shares of the company ' s stock through a second-tier competitive exchange, and that the actual share of the total stock share of the company ' s total stock plans did not differ from the share of the proposed subscriptions adopted by the shareholders ' assembly.
The company ' s third employee holding plan was considered and adopted by the second interim stock meeting in 2020 on 11 November 2020. The current employee holding plan is managed by the company itself and acquired and held its own shares through the secondary market, with a total amount of not more than $306 million, with no duration.
The performance of the third quarter has grown significantly, with new production capacity coming into operation 3. The first half of the year has seen an increase in volume prices, resulting in an expansion of varieties of up to $1 billion (the holding shareholder borrowing).
New entrants risk worsening the pattern of competition; project construction is less than expected; raw material prices are higher; product prices are falling significantly; downstream demand is less than expected; and the report is produced independently and objectively using legally compliant information, and the data and information used in this report are from open market information, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.