New Union (002001): New projects are in place, new and new and published in the third quarter of 2020: 747.3 million yuan in operating income for the first three quarters of the company.
Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, Inc., was founded in 1999 and listed in June 2004 at the deep end, as the first company to be listed in the mid-point. The company is highly focused on fine chemical synthesis.
The accumulation of technology, starting with the pharmaceutical intermediate aerobics fork, and the volatility of the prices of the major vitamin products va, ve, led to an increase in corporate q3 performance on a par, a decline in the ring. Linked to organic synthesis, business was successfully expanded to a dimension.
With the rise in farm production, such as domestic pig production, and the prospect of higher demand for vitamins downstream, some of them in the fields of raw foods, spices, new materials, and pyrochlor, the company is now home to four of the world’s top vitamin producers.
The ability to produce overseas is affected by the epidemic, the vitamin supply continues to be tight, and we expect the vitamins to be strong, and we have developed into an influential fragrance firm that is expected to sustain the price of vitamins.
The supply of diversified products is expected to strengthen the company’s global nutrient leader. 1 ometonic acid: 50,000 tons of the company’s first production capacity has been fully produced, and the second 100,000 tons of production line has been officially launched in October.
It marks another solid step towards the company ' s annual goal of producing 300,000 tons of ecstasy, by which time the company will become a domestic ecstasy tap with an enhanced competitive advantage.
Valued green food additives and nutrients contribute to companies’ long-term competitiveness. Sustained growth in companies is driven by industrial chain drivers. 1 Integration: company vitamin operations are being strengthened in intermediate supply and process improvements are being made to achieve a combination of vitamin products from the intermediate to the finished product.
2 Series: The company expanded from vitamin operations to fragrances, raw materials, food additives, biological fermentation products, achieving a serial supply of downstream feed, medicine, and food customers.
New Sink (002001): Investing in new projects to enhance competitiveness: Figure 1: Structure of new and formed major products, Figure 2: Performance of the company ' s main products
Figure 3: Multi-product benefits of company-specific technology breakthroughs Figure 4: Multi-product benefits from company integration, cluster development
Figure 5: Current and new production capacity of vitamine globally New and emerging sources of financial and intellectual growth in the East (002001): new projects to improve competitiveness
Figure 6: Existing capacity and additions to global vitamina
Figure 9: Global pps performance 2017: Sources of financial growth in the East: New and emerging (002001): Investing in new projects to enhance competitiveness
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity, new peace (002001): new projects to improve competitiveness.
Liu Woo-chul Research Department, six years of research experience in the chemical industry.
B.C., cfa, three years of experience in the chemical industry. Authors of several leading international academic journals, with 5 national and international patents, first in the international crystals pool in 2017, first in the public list, top in the crystal ball campaign in 2018, second in the analysis of the new wave of gold in 2019, and second in the wealth industry in the east.
Zhang Ming Xian's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.