On October 29, the company released its three-quarterly report, which generated $7,473 million in revenues in the first three quarters, an increase of 28.95 per cent over the previous three quarters; and a net return to the mother.
2.93 billion yuan, a significant increase of 72.52 per cent over the same period; net profit from the withdrawal from the back to the mother of 2.801 billion yuan, which led to a decline in the performance ring in the traditional light season, a four-quarter recovery in demand that would guarantee a year-round increase in performance, and a comparison of company prices with the trend of 300 deep.
The company ' s three-quarter harvest fell by 18.7 per cent, the net profit ring fell by 44.4 per cent, mainly due to the fall in demand for products and price ratios owing to the traditional low season of the three-quarters for the company ' s main business products, such as vitamina, and the lower three-quarter harvest of Zhejiang medicine, also based on vitamins.
1.4%, with a 30.82% reduction in the net profit margin ratio. Companies usually concentrate on the third quarter, and overall sales are affected to some extent. According to statistics, 2020q3, the average farm price in the city of Vitamina was 410,000 yuan per ton, an increase of 10.6%, a decline of 16.2% over the same period; and Vitamine, a decline of 16.2%.
The average farm price was $65,000 per ton, an increase of 33.4 per cent in the same year and a 12 per cent decline in the ring; the main product q3 in the market for ecstasy continued the same growth trend, with a four-quarter spread of the company's main business season, which is expected to lead to growth in the company's performance throughout the year.
One of the Goldgrass Industry Series: Global Food Adders and Leads 2020.08.18 " Quadrochemicals: global mdi, tdi productions are well developed "
IRCS 2020.07.29 Prices or Revivals. 2020.07.29 One of the Athletic Report Series: Towards a Global Titan Industry Trench 2020.07.23
Standard Upgrading Series II: National Sterilization Successes 2020.07.22 Business cash flows continue to grow in scale, supporting companies to increase R & D inputs and capacity-building
\triangleright’s sales revenue increased significantly in the previous three quarters of the year, and the corresponding return of funds increased simultaneously, reaching $2.137 billion in net cash flows from operating activities, which has been high for almost two years.
Cash flows support companies to increase their R & D investment on a continuous basis, reaching 349 million yuan in R & D spending in the last three quarters, an increase of 19.5% over the previous three quarters.
The first phase of the company's Heilongjiang biological fermentation project has been completed and officially launched, and will continue to enrich the company's products and improve their products.
Systems: New material projects such as pps have begun to contribute to the company’s performance, and in the future, as research and development resources continue to invest in them, product-type and downstream applications will be enriched and will become a new profit growth for the company.
On 10 and 27 October, the company announced its third employee holding plan. The employee holding plan covers 12 senior managers of the company and no more than 673 employees.
The current Stakeholder Scheme will purchase and hold new stocks through the secondary market within six months of the adoption of the ECM deliberations. The Stakeholder Scheme has a wider coverage, highlighting the company’s executives and core staff versus the company.
With the completion of the stockholding program, corporate employee cohesion will be further enhanced, and new competitive advantages will continue to be created for the company. The expansion of the production of the Ethioamide and the Heilongjiang Biomass Project will provide a space for sustained growth.
The company ' s current capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year of ecstasy is in a state of long-term production and sales due to the high demand downstream, and the completion of the company ' s 100,000 tonnes/year of ecstasy phase in October this year will significantly reduce current ecstasy stress.
Acid capacity will be expected to generate 2 billion more revenue and 200-300 million net profit space for the new peace process. Upon completion of the company’s 250,000-ton/year project for the construction of ecstasy, a total of 300,000 tons/year of biomass fermentation in the company’s Heilongjiang industrial park will be fermented with raw materials such as maize.
The first phase of the Heilongjiang fermentation project was officially launched in October 2020 and greatly enriched the company’s product bank. The first phase of the project was completed after delivery, and the second phase was completed.
The company’s position in the field of fine chemical products will be further consolidated. The company’s role as the firm’s absolute leader in the field of fine chemicals will continue to grow in the future, with a long-term investment value.
New entrants risk worsening the pattern of competition; project construction is less than expected; raw materials prices are rising; product prices are falling sharply; downstream demand is falling short of expectations.
Xiang Xiangxiang: Research assistant, Master of Chemical Industries of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Bachelor of Chemical Sciences of Qinghua University, passed the cfa secondary examination.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.