Significant growth in performance in the third quarter, with new production capacity opening for expanded performance 15 October, company announcement: performance in the first three quarters is expected to increase; critical capacity is available for commissioning \triangleright
After pre-testing and commissioning, the company ' s 100,000 tons of pine amino acid project and the Heilongjiang fermentation project phase 1 were recently officially launched.
The company ' s performance in the third quarter of the year is expected to increase significantly.
The average market price for vitamina was 410,000 yuan per ton in 2020q3, an increase of 10.6 per cent in the same year, a decline of 16.2 per cent in the ring, and the average market price for vitamine.
In the run-up to the quarter, with strong downstream demand, four-quarter performance is expected to reverse the downward trend in the ring and guarantee a sustained growth space for the expansion of the capacity of the glyphosate production, which is now 50,000 tons/year, and the production apparatus due to the insufficiency of the products due to the demand for it.
There is a constant high-loading activity with full production. The downstream demand for the product continues to be strong, and the company’s ability to climb at the latest stage of the production of the 100,000-ton/year-old plant is expected to accelerate, which will significantly reduce the current pressure on the production of the product.
Andy Sue, on the basis of its 10-15% net interest rate and the market average of around $20,000/t of ecstasy since this year, it is expected that the additional capacity will be expected to generate 2 billion dollars in revenue growth and 200-300 million in net profit space for new and emerging production, which will become a new growth point for the company’s performance.
With a total production capacity of 300,000 tonnes/year, the next phase of the 150,000 tonnes/year production facility is expected to start construction in the near future, which will provide a continuous incremental space for company operations in the field of ecstasy. The Heilongjiang Biomation Project is an important component of the company’s product class.
The company Heilongjiang Industrial Park Biomony Project uses corn, etc., for bioeavenging, and has been reported in one of the Goldgrass Business Reports: Global Foods Added to Separatized Grains, Wheat Syrup, chlorophyll, HFA, Sydol, Nucleus.
The formal completion of the first phase of the project will be extremely rich.
The company’s product bank, together with a development strategy for the company’s bio-egging production of fine chemical products, is based on a solid foundation of 2020.07.29. During the completion of the first phase of the project, the construction of the second phase of the project will begin.
One of the reports in the Peripheral Series: Towards Global Titanium consolidates the company’s market position in this area.
The company 2020.07.22 is an absolute leader in the field of fine chemicals, and the future chain of industry will grow with a long-term investment price.
New entrants risk worsening the pattern of competition; project construction is less than expected; raw materials prices are rising; product prices are falling sharply; downstream demand is falling short of expectations.
Xiang Xiangxiang: Research assistant, Master of Chemical Industries of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Bachelor of Chemical Sciences of Qinghua University, passed the cfa secondary examination.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.