Performance was slightly lower than expected, and the Pyric acid phase and the fermentation of the Heilongjiang project were launched, and a new peace process (002001.sz) was launched on 15 October 2020.
• Vitamin products are at high prices and the previous intensive construction project is about to enter the landing period, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Locality. Multiplicity of product structures combined with growth dynamics, and we maintain a forecast that the company ' s net profit splits from 2020 to 2022 will fall back and fall behind, mainly in terms of vulnerability, and that the medium- and long-term will continue to be supported by the need for pig supplementation.
The average price of biomass and ecstasy was 423.85, 66.65, 216.12, 20.38 yuan/kg, down from the previous three months of 2019, which had fallen at the end of April, and the recent downstream dependence on pre-consumption stocks since the onset of the fall in early August, and the willingness of traders to purchase goods with caution, with prices dominated by vulnerability.
We're weak. We've got a short-term price downward trend in August. On the other hand, we expect a change in the supply-demand balance in the q4 market, after a delay in the return of Tesman and the Canter Technology joint venture. In the medium and long term, we expect that the birthing pig supplement will probably be “corrected” and long-term.
In addition, recent developments in the feed industry are improving, helping to boost vitamin prices. • Taking advantage of the combined effects of the nutrition market, it has become the global giant of integrated nutrition.
Currently, the company ' s 100,000 tons of ecstasy (total 250,000 tons) and the Heilongjiang fermentation project (phase I) have passed through the company ' s bright business performance and developed sufficient kinetic energy.
The company has a significant stock and strength in terms of raw materials, technology, markets, and industrial processes, and in the future, the Corporate Information Update - Vitamin Quantities is well-developed. In the context of a continuous improvement in supply and demand patterns, we think that the company will play a role in the nutrition market.
The combined effect of the Quakers for the Advancement and Fine Chemical Performance was to create a global mass of integrated nutrients, moving towards a new and emerging world goal.
Chemical Engineering Platform, Towards a New World