3-quarter vitamin depression, new production capacity such as ecstasy: company quarterly report 2020, with operating income of $7,473 million in the reporting period.
The price of vitamin products has declined steadily. Domestic manufacturers withdraw anti-dumping applications for ecstasy, expected drops.
There is only limited scope for the decline. In the third quarter of 2020, the product will continue to grow in volume (002001), with a steady increase in volume performance, and a gradual release of new production, with sustained capital spending contributing to long-term growth.
New Growth of Acid II Experimental Production - 2020/08/27 New Union (002001) New and Semi-annual 1083 million yuan with fixed assets of 13.502 billion yuan (an increase of 5.4 billion yuan over the ring) under construction
Report forewords: Tons of devices such as vitamina, vitamine, bio-ingenesis and the Heilongjiang Biomass Project (phase I) was pre-tested and tested for production -2020/06/22
In the medium term, there are a large number of new projects, including new materials, vitamins, fragrances, egg ammonium and so on.
Reported and evaluated in the 201st Quarterly: Improved vitamin competition patterns, bio-ferment products, diversification of product lines and increased resilience to risk.
The company issues the third stage of its employee holding scheme, with a total of no more than 685 participants, with 12 directors (not including independent directors), supervisors, and senior managers. The contribution is not more than $153 million, and the allocation is not more than $153 million at 1:1 ratio (shareholders in holding shares).
After the end of the second phase of the company's employee holding plan, the third period of employee holding is effectively renewed, stimulating motivation and increasing corporate cohesion 4.
Three quarters of the re-winding of vitamins, new productions such as Ecliptic Acid Qualification coding: mainly in the field of nutrients and medical needs, Zhejiang, Shandong and Heilongjiang Zhenziang III.
There are a large number of investment projects under construction at large bases, with large space for growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.