• Postal bank (stock code: 601658)
At the end of September, loans had increased by 8.33 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, at a faster rate than public and retail sales during the same period last year.
This has resulted in a two-wheel drive. Public loans have grown by 17.91%, with a sharp increase in credit investment in the areas of advanced manufacturing, green finance, technology finance, inclusive finance; retail loans have grown by 1.90% compared to the beginning of the year, and non-household consumer loans have increased by a round.
11.48 per cent, driven mainly by the rapid development of investment banks, tradable banks, and trust management. Wealth management has grown steadily, with retail sales aum of $1.789 trillion, an increase of more than 7 per cent from the end of the previous year. In June, poor rates have continued to improve, concerns have risen and capital levels have increased: as of the end of September, corporate non-performing loans have increased.
A percentage point, expected to be affected by adverse pressure on retail assets. A provision of 240.21 per cent, at a lower point in the year before, with a strong capital level, benefited significantly from the Ministry of Finance's replenishment.
Financial and rural revitalization of the main positions, retailing of a solid base of clients in the districts, while continuing to promote a new system of corporate financial operations and services, the “1+n” operating and servicing.
In mid-2025, the distribution rate stabilized at 30%. In combination with company fundamentals and equity elasticity, 1. [Galactic Bank] semi-annual review of 2025 - Postal Bank 2. [Galactic Bank] Annual review of 2024 - Postal Bank
(601658) Agency rates have been revised downwards again, consumer loans, financial statements 3. Quarterly review of the 2024 report by Galaxy Bank - Postal Bank Figure 1: Postal Bank receipts, net gains and speed increases
Figure 2: Reserve Bank Roe China Institute of Galaxy Securities
Figure 4: Portfolio bank net interest difference and interest-bearing asset rate of return, interest-bearing liabilities and cost of deposits
Figure 7: Reserve Bank loan structure, Figure 8: Size and acceleration of deposits at the Reserve Bank, Figure 9: Provident Bank deposit structure
Figure 10: Non-interest, intermediate operating income and speed of increase in PBRD, Figure 11: Other non-interest income, investment returns and speed of increase in PBS, Figure 12: Poor PBN rates, interest-type loans as a percentage
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.