Postal Bank (601658.sh): The scale is maintained
Incidents: On 30 October, the Postal Bank published its three-quarters report for 2025.
Enterprises, committed to providing services to the most dynamic client groups in China’s economic transition, and to accelerating the transition to a new retail bank that is data-driven, channels-collaborative, batch-zero, and operates efficiently.
In the first three quarters of China’s economic and social development, the reserve bank received +1.8% of its revenues, increasing by 0.3 pct more than in the first half of the year.
During the promising period of strategic opportunity, the Bank will move forward with new developments, with a sharp increase in non-interest income and a narrow reduction in net interest income. Specifically, (1) net interest income is equal to the concept of comprehensive reform innovation and accelerates progress towards “specialization,”
Integration, lightening, digitization, intensification” transformational development, with revenue rising by 1.1 pct over the previous half of the year as compared to +20.2 per cent.
Other non-interest income increases by 2.4 pct to 27.5% over the first half of the year.
With a light-slight transition and a middle-income development plan, the Postal Bank’s revenue structure is more diversified and its business landscape is more balanced. The management costs are stagnating with the provision, etc. The net profits of the previous three quarters are increasing in comparison with the net profits of the mother.
At the cost end of the year, (1) the Postal Bank reduced savings agent rates twice since September last year, and actively strengthened cost control. The cost of running the previous three quarters fell 2.7% compared to the previous quarter, with loans growing in double digits and strong growth in public loans.
This compares to +11.1%, +10.0%, ring +0.3pc, basic flatt; loan growth is a leading state-owned business.
The ratio of public loans to public loans increased by 3.6 pct to 44.6% at the beginning of the year, and retail and public “two-wheel drive” patterns were more stable. Net interest differentials were reduced by the same amount as in the first half of the year, and the cost of liabilities improved.
1.68% of the ring ratio drops by 2bp, which is a decrease of 21bp compared to the first half of the year. At the end of the initial measurement period, the interest-bearing asset yield ratio decreased by 4bp, consistent with industry trends.
At the end of September, the rate of non-performing loans from the Postal Bank rose by 0.94 per cent, with an increase of 2 bp; the rate of concern and the rate of delay rose by 17 bp, 3 bp to 1 bp, respectively.
Undesirable pressure comes mainly from the retail sector, with retail lending at a low rate of 1.38% at the end of June, and is still at a low level in listed banks. Retail risk exposures during this round are mainly due to weak employment earnings, real estate price adjustments, and continuous pressure on repayment capacity, which is common to the industry.
In the case of the provision, at the end of September, the Postal Bank allocated investment proposals: the Postal Bank, as a retail special state-owned company, relies on the self-employed + agency operating model.
In recent years, the Bureau has achieved faster growth and more balanced business development in public business and capital management. Financial commitment has further strengthened corporate capital.
The source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
Postal Bank (601658.sh): The scale remains positive, with high interest rates supporting a steady rate of profit growth -- three-quarter reviews, 2025: the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Lin Ying's recommendation or opinion is directly or indirectly related.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that the scale remained positive, supported by high interest rates and a steady rate of profit growth — three quarters of 2025.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends. In cases where the law permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.