The increase in performance is due to the higher prices of gold and the concentration of the Great Zaydan mines in Qinghai.
The \triangleright gold price continued to rise, with an average domestic gold price of $358/g increasing by 25 per cent in the same year and an average gold price of $385/g in the same year increasing by 31.7 per cent in the same year. (2) Qinghai Qinghai resumed production on 26 April 2019, contributing to an increase in production in the first half of the year.
On May 12, 2020, the company's controlling subsidiary, Yulong Minerals, received a comparison of the unit's position with that of the 300-foot-deep NRA.
The sum of $8,965.2 million in compensation for mineral resources and deferred payments for the period 2014-2014 is the sum of $8,965.2 million. The above-mentioned compensation for mineral resources and arrears are mainly borne by the counterparty of the restructured transaction in proportion to its pre-reorganization shareholding ratio, with the company having already completed some billions of mineral revenues, with a single-season net profit increasing by more than 40 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The idea of maintaining the gold continues to rise (1) The US economy remains suspicious and the US dollar continues to be weak. The non-farm ring exceeded expectations in June, but the statistics are in the early part of June, failing to reflect the second-on-the-end effects of the epidemic, and the US economy’s recovery is irreversible, but not for long.
Second, interest rates will remain low for a long time. Monetary-policy instruments and fiscal stuns are still needed for the recovery of the economy, not excluding the Fed’s policy of controlling the yield curve.
At the same time, the speed and strength of global currency distribution is higher or higher, inflation is expected or more optimistic, and real interest rates are still low. Global easing continues, banknote credit is tested, and precious metal configuration values are valued.
2. Silver-Thai gold (000975), three-quarterly, is reported as producing less than expected: the risk of falling gold prices: the price of lead and zinc products continues to decline significantly; the volume is disturbing performance and continues to appreciate the contribution of the gold business.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.