Silver Thai gold (000975).
▪ Events: The company issues its report for 2020. The company achieved revenue of $3.802 billion in business in the first half of the year, invested in mineral resources, and owned the largest reserves of silver and silver in the country.
▪ The company ' s mineral resources are rich: by the end of 2019, the company ' s combined total resources were ores, the mines covered 80,1822,000 tons by the Heilong River Black Rock Mining Company, 99.31 tons of gold metal, 7706.03 tons of silver metal, lead +
The amount of zinc metal is 1.7837 million tons, the amount of copper metal is 7.54 million tons and the amount of tin metal is 19.6 million tons; gold mines, gold and gold from the Guilin Dynasty Corporation (part of the above-mentioned reserves have not yet been assessed).
The report on the exploration of the 1118 Highlands, including 4 mining rights, was evaluated and adopted. $/g, an increase of +28.4 per cent in the same year, with the production of the three major gold-mining subsidiaries in the first half of the year.
Following release, a combined gold sale of 3.85 tons, corresponding to the ratio/ring ratio + 17.7 per cent/+51.6 per cent, achieved a net profit of $649 million, resulting in the elimination of adverse factors, and the expected resumption of the Yulong mine sales: the Yulong mine as a company business
An important addition to the map is the $267 million in revenues achieved in the first half of 2020, corresponding to a factor of 5.5 per cent; the net delay, and the payment of outstanding mineral resource compensation and late payments in May. It is expected that sales will return to normal in the second half of 2020, with the return of the revenues to 2021.
▪ The production capacity of several projects is expanding in an orderly manner, and there is room for improvement in the production of gold: the eastern Anjin mine of the Black River has been transferred to underground mining, and the selection of minerals will increase to 1,200 tons/day: the pavilion; the size of the mining licence will be extended to 800,000 tons/year; in 2020, it was used as the Qinghai Chaitan.
For the first full year of production, it is expected to produce more than 2 tons of gold. The company ' s gold uplifting cycle remained unchanged for the period 2020-2022, with an average price of $400 per gram for the year: global liquidity easing, taking into account the holding of gold hedge premiums, liquidity premiums and exchange rate premiums.
The price of gold is expected to remain high, short-term fluctuations will not change the long-term upward pattern, the average price of the renminbi in the gold year.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, silver and gold (000975).
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the Hodges, is engaged in research in the non-ferrous metals industry.
10 years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment and team management, formerly at the East Hing Futures Investment Council.
Chief Executive Officer, Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group; former investment manager of the Treasure Nobu Yong Fung Dong-hing Asset Management Programme. Second prize for joint research on futures options at the Chinese Financial Futures Exchange and third prize for joint research on futures options at the Chinese Institute of Finance; third prize for Chinese gold medals, silver and multimedia copper prizes for product versions; and third prize for market simulation of soy futures at the Dalian Commodity Exchange.
The shares refer to options for a competition for market simulations. Authors of futures weather for Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Journal. 2018 analyst's own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the gold business has continued to grow and that the Yulong mining industry has expected to repair it.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.