Silver-Thai gold (000975), materials, semi-annual reports of silver-Thai gold, which generated $3.802 billion in operating revenue in the first half of 2020
Dollars, 50.40 per cent increase in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $610 million, same as in the gold business, one season back to a record high: in the first half of the year, the company Black River Galaxy, Tai, Jilin Temple and Qinghai Chai Chaidan sold 3.85 tons of gold (year to year + 18 per cent), in gold
Against the backdrop of a significant upturn in prices, a net profit of $649 million was realized, contributing to the net profit of the company's parent, once again at an all-time high (274 million in a single quarter). In view of the current trend in gold prices, there was still room for upswing in the second half of the year, and companies performed more or more.
2. Impacts such as the epidemic, the Yulong mining profits are not as high as expected: our March report concludes that the company ' s performance this year has increased significantly, based on rising gold prices, and that it has increased its output.
Total market value/flow (million yuan)
Six months ago, the Yuklong mine recovered 267 million yuan and made a net profit of 30.7 million yuan, which was not expected, owing to the delay in the resumption of work in the spring due to the outbreak control and the payment of the previous year's silver-taire gold (00975), which eliminated the accident.
Unpaid compensation for mineral resources and delays in payments, weak prices of lead and zinc, among other things. The growth in material performance in 2020 can be seen as silver and yellow,3 and the significant expansion of metal trading: corporate revenues increased significantly in the first half of the year, stemming from a significant increase in corporate revenues.
Trade operations. In addition to previous operations such as gold, lead and zinc, there has been a significant increase in income from silver, copper, aluminium, etc. In the first half of 2020, companies achieved a total net profit of $1.431 million, compared to the Institute ' s.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.