In June 5, at the 31st China International Information and Communication Fair, China's mobile, Chinese telecommunications and basic telecommunications operators, together with China's connectivity companies, published " Telecommunications operators, liquid cold " to the industry.
Intercom News (000063.sz) Operator pushes liquid cold applications with an expected increase in the rate of liquid cold penetration, with potential central benefits for communications, “three years” as proposed in the White Paper of Telecommunications Operators on Liquid Cold Technologies to promote the application of liquid cold technologies by telecommunications operators
Visions, i.e., certification of liquid cold technologies in 2023; scale testing in 2024, pilot application of liquid cold technologies to 10% of new data projects to advance industrial eco-mature; exhibition scale applications in 2025 and beyond, application of liquid cold technologies to over 50% of data centre projects.
The central partner in the operator's arithmetic industrial chain, with the company acquiring the first share of the server market for two years in a row, with the operator's market ranking in 2022 at 175,000 servers, and the company's advanced depth of liquid cold technology:
1) idc side: The company has completed liquid cooling technology in four different dimensions of single-board, plug-in, cabinet level and machine level, and launched the full-blown cooling system solution in 23 years q1 to achieve dc liquid cooling data
Central machine room, t-liquid cold server equipment, ct-liquid cold road integrated development, delivery and payment, with total energy consumption expected to decrease by about 5 per cent and liquid cold data centre pue below 1.2; 2) server side: a new set of g5 servers supports different cooling solutions, such as cpu fluids
Cold, cpu+ RAM liquid cooling, and cpu+ RAM +vr liquid cooling, with coolboard cooling having the highest ratio of 80% or more, fully meeting different refrigeration needs, and leachate cooling programmes still under development; 3) Liquid cold routers: China Communications Institute and China Telecommunications Cloud Calculating Company
t8000 core routers' coolboard liquid cold test bureau. The test board reduced the core chip operation temperature by 10°C, with a theoretical failure rate of about half; the high-capacity core room combined pue.1.2 solves the problem of high-power router air-dispersing problems.
Instant Communications Insight Report: Full Layout Smart Motors, Many Businesses Surviving - Companies as Global Lead Integrated Communications Manufacturing Companies and Global Communications Solutions Providers, to
We believe that the company, as a partner of the operator's numeracy industry chain at the heart of the smart network car series (1), is expected to take the lead in the construction of the future operator's ICDC project.
"Climate Communications: Full Screen Power Global Lead, Consumer Electronics Return - Value Realization at Depth 2 (Consumption Electronics)"
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Operator Server Market: Server products are strong and ranked first in many of the operators' projects.
In 2023, capital spending on numeracy by all three major operators was maintained at a rate of more than 20 per cent, and communications in China are expected to benefit from the core. 1) The company achieved full contract coverage in the centralized purchase of servers in China ' s telecommunications 2022-2023, with the first total share, with the first in the package, the first in the package, the fourth in the package, and the second in the package, the second in the package, the second in the envelope, the second in the row, and the second in the row.
2) The company has the first total share in the central purchase of the China Connect 2022 Cloud Server, of which package 1 ranks first; the second in the Chinese Connect International Server Central Purchase Marker, 2022-2024; the third in the central procurement of the China Connect artificial intelligence service server, 2022; and the second in the Chinese Connect Universal Server Collection, 2022.
3) The company ranked first in China ' s 2019-2020, 2020pc server collection and 2021-2022pc server collection (web cloud package): second in the total share of China ' s 2021-2022pc server collection (first batch); third in China ' s 2021-2022pc server collection (second batch, 1-6 package);
China is ranked second in the collection of 2022 government and corporate clients' computing servers; and first in the procurement of the third phase of China's mobile centralized network cloud pool for computing servers. >ai server: product performance is strong, making it a reliable base of computing power. >ai server: strong product performance.
On March 16, China Communications Micro-Trust Public, China Communications and Pepsi jointly announced that the Chinese Communications Server would support 100 degrees of “one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, and the other.
In the case of server products, the company’s server products fully meet the 100-degree customization requirements, responding to the need for 100-degree smart cloud, in-depth learning, and using high density, modularization, precision design, high performance, high reliability, etc.
The advantages of ease of expansion, ease of management, and excellence in the fields of ai, cloud computing, big data, and nfv are applied to 100-degree brain and oar depth learning platforms. Currently, the company server product has been scaled up to cover 100-degree intelligent clouds, fully meeting the needs of 100-degree intelligent landscapes for different configurations, resource allocation, and upper cloud services.
The Division is powerful in providing a solution for the ai server, where the company’s server product can fully meet the dynamic and massive data-absorption needs of the ai model. In the future, as the national production ai model continues to develop, and the downfall of the ai downstream application, model reasoning demands are expected to drive the company’s ai server to keep up.
So far, the company's latest R6500g5gpu server has been able to support 20 single- and-a-half-long gpu acceleration cards with high density, flexible expansion, isotopic algorithms, sea mass storage, and reliable stability, with two-way maximum support of 120 nuclears, agility up to 10 times, and a strong numeric support for digital economic development.
The company says it is expected to launch a gpu server and a high-performance switch in support of chhatgpt by the end of the year, and in 2023 it is expected to double its central exchange revenues, while the company is the leading provider of the global ict solution, with strong R & D capabilities, and we appreciate the continuing value realization of its strong technology R & D capabilities in new applications such as the one.
\triangleright, according to idc data, the size of the Chinese server market in 2022 was $27.34 billion (18,88.37 billion yuan), an increase from the previous year.
9.1% long, with central communications revenue reaching RMB 1,00.08 billion in 2022; in 2022, central communications servers and storage revenues increased by nearly 80% compared to the same amount; according to idc ' s last quarter of 2022, there was a drop in the tides, Dale ' s share of the top 8 servers, super-mixing and China ' s share.
There has been a marked increase in the share of the telecommunications market, which rose from 3.1% to 5.3%, ranking fifth in the country. At the launch of the new product this year, companies have indicated that they will move quickly to realize the vision of the first three servers and storage products in the country (up from 10% in 2022) and the first five in the world.
On December 28, 2022, the company, together with Intel, published the reasoning of the Intel Alliance Optimizing Deep Learning Model to achieve efficiency gains. This white paper provides an in-depth account of how open-source projects led by China’s communications are working with Intel.
A combination of openvino tools. To address the problem of acquiring specialized gpu hardware with a limited and less flexible application, the improvisation of communications through hardware innovation and software-level optimization, in some scenarios, such as direct use of cpu for reasoning, will help to reduce costs and increase flexibility, as the White Paper states, through the improvisation.
Adlik can automatically cut branches, distill, optimize the size of the model, and then quantify the model int8 through the quantitativeization tool and reasoning engine of the openvinoTM to reduce the computational resources and memory bandwidth required for model reasoning, and improve the reasoning of the model.
The combination of the exhibition processor+openvinoTM tool package allows the trained high-precision ai model to be converted into a small one with smaller parameters, a simple structure and a minimal level of accuracy, close to the larger model and a higher volume of model data throughput, thus enabling the direct use of the cpu server to be fully achieved without adding gpu hardware and significantly reducing deployment costs.
The day-to-day reasoning needs of the foot model have been successfully realized, and have made it easier to deploy in contexts with limited numeracy, as in the case of auto-drive end scenes. We believe that this solution will achieve the mitigation efficiency of the ai model reasoning, and that the application of the small one model in the vertical domains is expected to accelerate down and fully meet the needs of the different scenarios.
The end-to-end tool chain for the application of the in-depth learning model, which is used to rapidly deploy the model from the research and development product to the production application environment, is used from the completion of training to deployment to specific hardware. Adlik can collaborate with multiple reasoning, support multiple hardware, provide a uniform external reasoning interface, and provide a variety of flexible deployment options.
The computer visuals industry may accelerate as a model of the open-source images of metaaisam emerges. Since image encoder functions in sam must be performed in pytorch and require gpu to be able to efficiently reasoned, we think.
The development of the computer visuals industry is expected to further drive the demand for a deep learning library for the meta in-depth learning library pytorch and other ai Internet enterprises, and the demand for the firm’s soft and hard overall architecture is expected to rise.
The test effect, as shown in the graph below, is that in the imagenetval validation data set, the resnet 50 cut-off model has been slightly increased in accuracy by distillation, and the scissors model has been increased by 2.74 times as much as the original model. In the Quantified int 8 model, the throughput was 13.82 times higher than the original model with no loss of accuracy, with significant effects.
The target-detected yolov5m model optimization test results are shown in the graph below. On the Coco2017 validation set, yolov5m lost accuracy of less than 1% after distillation of the cut and int8. The optimised Yolov5m model is 3.39 times higher than the original model.
\triangleright has basic capabilities such as software, hardware, chips, operating systems, etc., to provide additional digital economy applications to the base capabilities, \triangleright
5g built less than expected, less productive infrastructure built, less than anticipated, China-American trade frictions, securities creation, commercial securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, with deep coverage of smart manufacturing & cloud computing idc industrial chain, cable & telecommunications new energy.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications sector, mainly in the areas of networking, vehicle navigation, smart grids, operators, 5g applications. Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. in Physics, Beijing University, condensed physics. In December 2021, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which works in communications.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.