A 25.7 per cent increase in net profit from non-repatriation in the first quarter of the year compared to the same year
On 21 April, the company released its first quarter of 2023: in the first quarter of 2023, the company was enriched with a matrix of products that fully captured the development opportunities offered by the construction of the digital economy and the application of artificial intelligence The network of operators: deep expansion and operation while the share of key wireless and wired products is steadily increasing
Businesses: While the growth of light transfer products is continuing, servers and storage are fast breaking through the financial, Internet and other industries and forming scale.
Data centres, data communications, databases, etc. are also becoming the dominant force in the domestic market. The Digital Nebula platform continues to be a multi-inventive product of intelligence, low ultra, and one of the naked 3d tablet computers nubiapad3d.
In the new business, the company actively embraces the new digital age, and continues to introduce high-density numeracy.
G5 servers with dynamic outreach, hesitancy, etc., and the first global 5-g-collage laptop, “Managing The Three Businesses Together, The Second Curve is Progressing Well”
Wind 2 et cetera, driving corporate second-curve innovation business revenues up by 40% on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter of the year. -Emergency News, 2022, mid-point annual report stocktaking, “Accurate, pragmatic, robust growth”, capital efficiency improvements, and significant increases in profitability.
During the first quarter of 2023, the efficiency of the use of corporate funds improved significantly, with sales costs as a percentage of total operating income  (7.46 per cent) having decreased by 0.24 percentage points in the same year; administrative costs as a share of total operating income (4.57 per cent)
Growth, increased corporate R & D investment, and increased R & D costs as a percentage of total business income to 20.36%, an increase of 3.54 percentage points, compared to 3.54 percentage points. Companies ' profitability has increased significantly, with M & A rates rising by 6.72 percentage points compared to the same year. Companies are the leading providers of communication information solutions globally and are expected to benefit fully from the digital economy and
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.