A high rate of growth in the construction of 5g base stations and rapid growth of arithmetic products such as servers 2023 20 April 2023: A press conference was held by the new office on 20 April to present industry and information in the first quarter of 2023
As of the first quarter of 2023, the country had built 5g base stations by a cumulative 2.64 million stations, and 5g base stations by a total of 328,000 in the first quarter, a 145 per cent increase in the same year and a 257 per cent increase in the ring.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, by the first quarter of 2023, the country had built 5 g base stations in excess of 2.64 million stations, and in the first quarter of 2023 we calculated that 5 g base stations had been built in excess of 328,000 stations, an increase of 145% over the same period, an increase of 257% over the same period.
By the end of 2022, according to the Ministry of Information and Communications, we had built a total of 6.03 million base stations. By contrast, the 5g base station was under-built.
Net demand is expected to rise significantly. China-China communications, as the backbone of the equipment, will benefit from the advancement of the 5g network, while companies focus on re-investment in R & D at $21.602 billion in 2022, and high R & D investment will strengthen the company.
Jiang Yung will open the company's growth curve 2 from network to arithmetic, in chip, server, switch, practice number: 150052100002
Databases, adlik algorithms, and so on. In the operator market, 2022, communications x 86 servers were ranked first at 175,000 shipments, the telecommunications industry x 86 service providers were ranked first, and the operator data centre switch was expected to double in 2023; and in the i server
The market, which became a reliable base of “business as one” calculations, indicated that the company was expected to launch a gpu server to support chhatgpt by the end of the year; in terms of the adlik architecture, the Google, Meta, 100-degree deep learning bank had been connected to the adlik architecture, and long-term demand was expected to continue to release.
Smart cars, multiple businesses that continue to land - Smart Nets I.S.A. Series (1).
The Consumer's Return - Value Realization in Deep 2 (Consumption Electronics)
The server market: server products are strong and ranked first in many of the operators' projects.
We believe that the construction of the digital economy in 2023 is one of the main lines of national development, that the construction of the network infrastructure will be accelerated or accelerated, and that capital spending by all three operators in 2023 will be sustained at a rate of more than 20 per cent in terms of arithmetic, with the central benefit of communications.
1) The company achieved full contract coverage in the central purchase of servers in China ' s telecommunications 2022-2023, with the first share, with the first in packages 1, 4 and 6 and the second in packages 2, 3 and 7. 2) The company has the first share in the central purchase of the 2022 cloud server in China, with the first in the total; and the first in the 2022-
In 2024, China connected international servers were ranked second in the central purchase slot 1; in 2022, China joined the third in the central acquisition of an artificial intelligence service; and in 2022, China ' s combined share of the general access server collection was second in total. 3) The company moved China 2019-2020, 2020 pc servers, 2021-2022pc servers collections (net cloud)
Second in total share of China ' s 2021-2022pc server collection (first batch); third in total share of China ' s 2021-2022pc server collection (second batch, 1-6 package); second in China ' s 2022 government firm client computing server collection; third in China ' s mobile centralized network cloud pool
>ai server: strong product performance, becoming a reliable base of calculus, March 16, according to the Chinese Communications Micromessage, the Chinese Communications and Centuries joint announcement that the Chinese Communications Server will support 100
“One Word,” which provides a stronger numeracy support for the application of one’s products, and contributes to the industrialization of one’s applications and ecological prosperity. “One Word,” a product that is a product of generation, based on a technology based on a big cultural model, with a deep, multi-moderated, multi-linguistic understanding and generation capability, “One Word,” which will provide a service to industry through a 100-degree intelligent cloud.
In the case of server products, the company ' s server products, which fully meet 100-degree customization requirements and are tailored to the needs of 100-degree intelligent cloud, in-depth learning, have high density, modularization, fine design, high performance, high reliability, easy to expand, easy to manage, and have excellent performances in the fields of ai, cloud computing, big data, nfv, etc., applicable to 100
We believe that this collaboration reflects the Department’s strong ability to provide the solution for the one server, and that the company’s server product can fully meet the robustness of the one model.
In the future, with the continued development of the national production of the i model and the downfall of the i-downstream application, the need for model reasoning is expected to drive the company’s i-server to keep up. So far, the company’s latest r6500g5gpu server supports 20 single- and-a-half-long gpu acceleration cards.
At the China News 2022 Press Interpretation Exchange, the company said it was expected to launch a gpu server and a high performance switch in support of chhatgpt by the end of the year, 2023.
The exchange is expected to multiply, while companies are the world’s leading provider of the ict solution, with strong R & D capabilities, and we appreciate the company’s strong technology R & D strength in the continuous value realization of new applications, such as one. On servers, the market share has risen rapidly, maintaining a higher rate of growth.
\triangleright, according to idc data, the size of the Chinese server market in 2022 was $27.34 billion (1888.37 billion yuan), an increase of 9.1 per cent over the same period, and the revenue of the server in 2022 was 10.08 billion yuan in communications between China and China; according to the China Communications Officer Network, 2022,
China’s communications servers and storage revenues increased by nearly 80% from the same year; according to the idc market tracking report for Chinese appliancers in the fourth quarter of 2022, top8 server manufacturers experienced a decline in wave, Dale, joint share, super-merger and centralization, with the share of the communications market rising from 3.1% to 5.3%, the company’s fifth place in the country today.
At the launch of the new year’s product, it was indicated that the first three servers and storage products in the country (up from 10% in 2022), and the top five in the world, would be fast-tracked. Google, Meta, and 100% of the depth learning bank have been connected to the emerging alk architecture, and long-term demand is expected to continue to release.
On December 28, 2022, the company, together with Intel, launched the White Paper " The reasoning of the Intel Alliance model for optimal depth learning in order to achieve efficiency gains " , which provides an in-depth overview of how open-source central communications-led projects are integrated with the Intel Openvino tool. Deployment costs will be significantly increased to address the purchase of specialized gpu hardware, and the scope of application is available.
Limited, less flexible issues, medium-evolving communications through depth optimization at the hardware innovation and software level, in some settings, such as direct use of cpu for reasoning, will help to reduce costs and increase flexibility. The white paper states that through middle-earing, adlik can use automatic branch cutting and distillation of the ii model to optimize the size of the model, and then through the amount of openvinoTM
The combination of tools and reasoning engines to quantify the model int8 to reduce the calculation of the resource and memory bandwidth required for model reasoning, and to improve the model ' s reasoning performance. By using a combination of high-precision ai models that have already completed their training, using the middle-generation Intel+third generation to the powerful scalable exhibition processor +openvinoTM tool sets, it is possible to convert the high-precision ai model into parameters.
Small, simple-structured, minimal-precision small-ai models that are close to large models and have a higher volume of model data throughput, thus achieving that the direct use of cpu servers, without adding gpu hardware and significantly reducing deployment costs, would satisfy the daily reasoning requirements of the model, successfully achieving mitigation efficiency, and making the model more easily deployed in a context of limited computing capacity, compared to the one in which the model is deployed.
We believe that this solution will achieve the reduction efficiency of the ai model reasoning, and that the application of the small ai model in the vertical fields is expected to accelerate landing and fully meet the needs of different scenarios. Adlik is used to complete the in-depth learning model from training to deployment to specific hardware, to provide the end-to-end tool chain for application services.
The purpose of the application is to rapidly deploy models from research and development products to the production application environment. Adlik can collaborate with multiple reasoning, support multiple hardware, provide a uniform external reasoning interface, and provide a variety of flexible deployment options. Google can now connect, metapytorch and 100 degrees of the pjet depth learning library.
As the image encoder function in sam has to be performed in pytorch and requires gpu for efficient reasoning, we believe that the development of the computer visuals industry is expected to further drive the development of the meta in-depth learning library pytorch and other ai Internet enterprises.
The demand for a deep learning library is expected to increase in the firm's soft and hard overall architecture. Figure 2: The overall structure of the firm. Test effects, as shown in figure 3, on the imagenetval validation data set, renet50 clipping models are distilled and refined
The output of the scissors model was 2.74 times higher than that of the original model. The volume of ingestion of the int8 quantified model was 13.82 times higher than that of the original model, without loss of accuracy.The target test of optimisation of the yolov5m model was shown in figure 4, at the Coco2017 validation set, yolov5m
Models that are distilled and quantified with int8 have lost within 1% of accuracy. Optimized Yolov5m models have an ingestion rate of 3.39 times higher than the original model. \triangleright
The company has basic capabilities such as software, hardware, chips, operating systems, etc., to provide additional digital economy applications to the base capabilities. \triangleright 5g is not built as expected, smart cars are not developed as expected, and Central American trade is venerated.
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covers in depth the intellectual manufacturing & cloud computing Idc industrial chain, the cable, the rock yoyote, a communications research assistant and a master's degree in finance from the Beijing University of Foreign Languages, the English language class VIII. He worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation's mri research centre, responsible car block research. He joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020.
Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. in Physics, Peking University, specializing in condensed physics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2021, conducting research in the communications industry, covering areas such as new sources of cable & telecommunications, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.