Performance exceeded expectations and profitability increased significantly, with a 40 per cent increase in second-curve innovative business revenue on the same date + 21 April 2023: on 21 April, companies released their first quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2023
In terms of business, deep corporate outreach and cooperation with operators in computing networks, cloud networks, increasing market share of wireless and cable critical products in the network of operators, and continuing promotion of servers and storage.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, by the end of 2022, we had built a total of 6.03 million base stations in the country. By comparison, by the first quarter of 2023, we had completed 5 base stations, 2.64 million stations, with insufficient capacity.
The demand is expected to rise significantly, and the company’s operators are expected to continue to benefit from their operations; in government and business, the company’s optical transmission product is growing steadily, and servers and storage products are emerging as new engines of growth, breaking through the financial and Internet sector clients. Data centres, database products, and the competitiveness of the country’s political and business markets continue to grow.
Digital nebula platforms have continued to empower a wide range of industries; in consumer business, companies have become rich in corporate products, more recent innovations such as axon50ultra and nubiapad3d have been released, and the company ' s 5gmb&fwa data terminal product continues to be a global leader, consolidating its market position.
The second-curve innovation business has grown by more than 40 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and as artificial intelligence has developed and digital China has been built, we believe that there are arithmetic products such as corporate servers, storage, switchboards/routers, databases, etc.
Practicing number: $1,500521010002. Companies practiced “precision, robust growth” business strategies, increasing profitability, steadily increasing Māori rates and net interest rates, and nearly doubled their operating net cash flows.
The Māori rate rose by 44.50 per cent, by 6.72 percentage points and the ring by 8.03 percentage points, and the net net cash flow of 2.33 billion yuan, an increase of 95.9 per cent in the same year, with excellent corporate fee control, a decline in both sales and management costs, persistent R&D inputs, and the consolidation of technical barriers.
Communications Insight Report: A full-scale layout, sales costs 2,174 million yuan, an increase of 10.2 per cent in the same year, representing 7.46 per cent of total revenue, and smart cars, many operations continue to fall -
The Smart Network Car Series (1), mainly due to the increase in net interest income and the increase in exchange rate earnings; R&D costs of $5.933 billion.
The Consumer's Return - Value Realization in Deep 2 (Consumption Electronics)
Figure 1: The company's quarterly main business collects and returns the mother's net profits.
Figure 2: Quarterly net operating cash flows of companies Figure 3: Quarterly fee control capacity of companies further enhanced Figure 5: Sustained growth in corporate R & D inputs during the first quarter
(b) Operator ' s server market: server products are strong and ranked first in many of the operators ' projects \triangleright
We believe that the construction of the digital economy in 2023 is one of the main lines of national development, that the construction of the network infrastructure will be accelerated or that capital spending by all three operators in 2023 will be sustained at a rate of more than 20 per cent in terms of numeracy, and that communications between China and China are expected to benefit from the core. 1) The company has achieved full-scale coverage in the centralized purchase of servers in China ' s telecommunications in 2022-2023, with a total share first among them.
In packages 1, 4 and 6, it ranked first, and in packages 2, 3 and 7 it ranked second. (2) The company ranked first in the total share of China ' s consolidated purchases of 2022 cloud servers, of which package 1 ranked first; in China ' s consolidated purchases of international servers, 2022-2024, it ranked second in the list of bid 1; and in China ' s access to artificial intelligence suits, 2022
Servers were ranked third in central procurement; in 2022, China had the second largest share in general server collection. 3) The company was ranked first in China ' s 2019-2020, 2020pc server collection, 2021-2022pc server collection (web cloud package): China moved the 2021-2022pc server collection (first batch) in the first instalment.
Second; ranked third in the total share of China ' s mobile 2021-2022pc server collection (second batch, packages 1-6); second in China ' s mobile 2022 government client arithmetic server collection; first in China ' s mobile centralized network cloud pool, third phase of project computing server procurement.
>ai server: The product performance was strong and became a reliable base of computing power for "One Word" on 16 March, and according to the China-China Communications Micro-Trust Public, the China-China Communications and the People's Mission announced that the China-China Communications Server would support 100 degrees of "One Word" to provide stronger numeracy support for the use of the ai product, and contribute to the industrialization of the ai and ecological prosperity.
“One Word” is a 100-degree-based generation-ai product based on big-minded model technology, with multi-module, cross-linguistic deep-semantics understanding and generation capabilities, and “one Word” will provide industry with a sense-of-the-art service through a 100-degree cloud. With regard to server products, the company’s server products fully meet 100-degree customization requirements, targeting 100-degree intelligent cloudai, in-depth learning.
The need for high density, modularization, precision design, high performance, high reliability, easy to expand, easy to manage, and excellent performance in the fields of ai, cloud computing, big data, nfv, applied to 100-degree brain and oar depth learning platforms.
We believe that this collaboration reflects the Department’s strong ability to provide a solution for the one server, which can fully meet the high demand for the one model and the enormous amount of data to be swallowed. In the future, as the national production of the one model continues to evolve, the one that is being applied downstream will be located.
To date, the company’s latest R6500g5gpu server has been able to support 20 single, half-wide gpu acceleration cards with high density numeracy, flexible expansion, isotopic numeracy, mass storage, stable reliability, and a two-way maximum of 120 nuclear, ai.
At the Intercom 2022 Annual Press Interpretation Exchange, companies said they were on track to launch a gpu server and a high-performance switch in support of chhatgpt by the end of the year, and in 2023 they were expected to double the number of central exchanges, while companies were the world’s leading provider of the ict solution, with strong research and development capabilities.
We look forward to seeing the firm’s strong technological R & D strength realized in the continuing value of new applications, such as the one on the one hand. On the other hand, on the server: the market share is rising rapidly, maintaining a higher rate of growth \triangleright
According to idc, the size of China ' s server market in 2022 was $27.34 billion (18.837 billion yuan), an increase of 9.1 per cent over the same period, and the revenue from China Communications in 2022 was $10.08 billion; according to the China Communications Officer Network, in 2022, China ' s communications server and storage revenue was $10 billion, an increase of nearly 80 per cent over the same period; and according to idc, Chinese uniforms, in the fourth quarter of 2022
The engine market tracker reports that there has been a decline in the wave, Dale, conglomerate shares among the top8 server manufacturers, and a marked increase in super-mulgation and centralization, with the central communications market rising from 3.1% to 5.3%, the fifth highest in the country. At the new product launch this year, the company indicated that it would fast-track the first three servers and storage products in the country (up from 10% in 2022).
On December 28, 2022, the company, together with Intel, published the reasoning of the Intel Alliance ' s Optimizing Insight Deep Learning Model, which is expected to continue to release long-term needs, and which has been linked to the Middle East and North America.
This White Paper on achieving efficiency gains provides an in-depth account of how open-source central communication-led projects, adlik, are integrated with the Intel Openvino tool. To address the problem of purchasing specialized gpu hardware, which would significantly increase deployment costs and have a limited and less flexible application, the edifice is optimized through hardware innovation and software levels, in some settings, for example,
If cpu can be used directly for reasoning, it will help to reduce costs and increase flexibility. The white paper states that adlik can automatically cut and distill the ii model, optimize the size of the model, and quantify the model int8 through the quantitativeization tool and the reasoning engine of the openvinoTM, thereby reducing the scale required for model reasoning.
A combination of high-precision ai models that have completed their training can be converted into smaller, simple-structured, minimally accurate models that are close to large models, with higher throughput of model data.
So, without increasing the gpu hardware and significantly reducing deployment costs, direct use of the cpu server would satisfy the daily reasoning requirements of the model, successfully achieve the downscaling efficiency and make the model more easily deployed in contexts with limited arithmetical capacity, as in the case of auto-drive end-of-life scenarios. We believe that this solution would achieve the downswing efficiency of the ai model reasoning, applying the verticals.
It is expected that small-scale models in the field will accelerate their landing and fully meet the needs of different scenarios.adlik is a chain of end-to-end tools for the deployment of deep learning models from the completion of training to the deployment of specific hardware and the provision of application services for rapid deployment of models from research and development products to the production application environment.adlik can draw from a variety of reasonings.
To support multiple hardware, provide a uniform external reasoning interface, and provide a variety of flexible deployment options. Google tensorlow, metapytorch, and 100-degree pop depth learning libraries are now able to access the alk architecture. The computer visual industry may accelerate with the advent of the open-source image partition model for metaaisam.
The image encoder function has to be performed in pytorch, and gpu is needed for efficient reasoning, and we believe that the development of the computer visuals industry is expected to further drive the demand for a deep learning library for the meta in-depth learning library and other ai Internet enterprises, and the demand for the firm's soft and hard overall architecture is expected to increase.
Figure 8: overall structure of adlik The test effect is as shown in the following graph: in the imagenetval validation data set, the resnet 50 clipping model was slightly improved by distillation and the slicing model was 2.74 times higher than the original model.
Models, with no loss of accuracy, are 13.82 times higher than the original models and have a significant effect. The target test Yolov5m model optimization test results are shown in the graph below. In the Coco2017 test set, yolov5m lost within 1% of the accuracy of the clip distillation and int8 quantified model.
\triangleright has basic capabilities such as software, hardware, chips, operating systems, etc., that give more digital economy applications to basic capabilities.
\triangleright 5g built less than expected, smart cars developed less than expected, trade frictions between China and the United States, securities creation, sales securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, with deep coverage of smart manufacturing & cloud computing Idc industrial chain, cable & communication new energy
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications industry, covering areas such as networking of goods, vehicle navigation, smart grids, operators, 5g applications.
Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Doctor of Physics, Beijing University, Condensed Physics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2021 for communications industry research, covering areas such as cable & new energy sources, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.