The second curve is cultivated by a higher performance than the previous year, by building an efficient digital base, with an increase of 18.60 per cent over the same year, a net profit of $6.167 billion from the non-repatriation of the mother, a growth rate of the same growth of the company globally and in the three major areas of business, and a sudden rise in the performance of the government and business.
In 2022, the company grew its revenues from the three main types of operations, namely, the network of operators, companies, and fee collectors. The domestic and international market revenues were 85.24 billion yuan, $37.71 billion, an increase of 9.20 per cent and 3.44 per cent, respectively.
Businesses and consumers collect 80.4 billion yuan, 16.63 billion yuan and 28.28 billion dollars respectively.
Italy and Thailand built a 5g demonstration network, with companies delivering 5g base stations in 2022, and 5g nuclear heart network in 2022, the second-largest global shipment.) In the area of cable products, companies seized the opportunity of global broadband access to fibre optics and maintained market leadership in the field of grid fixation; and in the field of light transmission within the country.
Operator otn collection leads, 3) operator cloudnet operations, top/lowest price for 52 weeks product and solutions, including servers, storage, chip, operating systems, video mediums, number
According to the Centre, the company ' s servers and storage products have been collected for many years continuously by round-the-clock operators, and in 2022 they were ranked first in multiple collections.
Business and industry highlights include: 1) servers and storage products have succeeded in breaking through the Internet and the gold industry; 2) in digital energy, companies provide solutions such as heart, micro-module data centres, container data centres, and the supply and distribution of electricity, heating, etc.
Core systems, such as management, leading the development of new national data centres, enabling green low-carbon data. 3) In terms of industry digitization, companies are building a digital platform for businesses based on a digital nebula with a core of 5g.
Customization programmes to achieve business resilience, system growth, and reduced costs. 4) In distributed financial databases, corporate goldendb supports the steady operation of the core business of banks for more than four years and is the only bank with a national policy, large State-owned bank, equity bank, city-owned business.
A financial database of core business transformation practices of industry and large financial institutions and telecommunications operators. Consumers’ business highlights include: 1) the continued promotion of mobile images and display of two-engine innovation by medium branded mobile phones, the strengthening of the advantage of underscreening cameras, and the roll-out of a global leader
Axon40ultra on the third generation of screens and three masters to calculate the growth of the camera's flagship cellular phone.) In terms of mobile interconnections, the company's share of the global bmb&fwa market in 2022 was the first. 3) Cross-border growth in household information terminal products was achieved in 2022.
The market share of the wi-fi6 product continues to lead, with commercial size in Italy, Spain, Japan, Thailand, etc., and the droidtv topbox continues to deliver on a sustained scale in Asia and the Pacific, Europe, South America, etc.
A significant increase in the Māori rate of operator network operations has led to an improvement in the Māori composite rate. The Māori rate of company network operations has increased by 3.77 to 46.22 per cent, mainly due to a change in income structure. The company maintains long-term high R&D inputs, with cost rates for periods other than R&D.
Long-term high R & D investments in wireless, grid-fixing, light transmission, arithmetic facilities have continued to take the lead, issuing new multi-products and programmes and maintaining greater competitiveness in areas such as chips, databases, operating systems.
Exchange losses and financial cost pressures from exchange rate fluctuations are reduced and the same ratio is reduced
There was an exchange of concerns. In the current digital economy, the company was positioned as a “digital economy road builder”, based on the core of the ict end-to-end, built around connection (ct technology) and arithmetic (it technology), from the ict industrial dimension, industry application dimensions to participation and promotion of numbers.
In the area of computing infrastructure, companies already have a full range of servers and storage products, including general service servers, gpu servers, liquid cold servers, and all flash storage products.
In the area of artificial intelligence, the objective of the company is to use the leading software and hardware digital intelligence base capabilities to support clients who train, use large models, and continuously reduce the costs of large model deployment and energy consumption.
Help clients improve R & D, production, and operational efficiency. In the future, focus will be placed on three product directions: 1) the company’s new generation of IAC infrastructure products, and overall support for large model training and promotion, including high-performance ai servers, high-performance switches, dpu, etc. 2) the next generation of numbers
Nebulous nebula solutions, using generation ai technology, undertake research in the areas of code generation, office intelligence, transport intelligence, and overall improvement of enterprise efficiency; 3) _ new generation ai acceleration chips, model light-quantization techniques that significantly reduce the costs of large model reasoning.
The competitive advantage of server products is strong, and cross-cutting growth is achieved. Rapidly rising demand in the arithmetic market offers huge incremental opportunities for servers and storage products. The central communications service and storage product lines were established in 2005 and now have a full range of servers and storage products.
Competing advantages in R & D, quality control, supply chains, channels and self-researching of critical equipment have been promoted over the last three years to rapidly raise company server revenues from more than $1 billion to nearly $10 billion, accounting for nearly 10 per cent of revenue and cross-border growth.
To capture the opportunities of operators for cloud networks, arithmetic networks, and second-curve development. Building on the opportunities for traditional network-building opportunities for operators, companies focus on increasing the opportunities for operators to invest in cloud networks, arithmetic networks and the introduction of niche products that meet the needs of operators, such as servers, data centres, etc.
Switchboards, digital energy, data centres, databases, cloud computers, etc., foster the company’s second-largest long curve.
On the central exchange, self-researched chip products have been rolled out, combined competitiveness has increased significantly, with a doubling of the target performance in 2023. More than that, we see companies’ future performance, with the first “buy-in” rating being covered.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and that, through independent judgement and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective and fair.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.