The new computer vision milestone sam model is emerging, and the emerging demand for adlik is expected to rise on April 10th, 2023.
Event: On 5 April, Metaai released a new model for segmentanythingmodel (sam) and a set of segmentanythingsa-1b images.
According to the Sam official network, sam is a powerful image split-ai model. Similar to gpt-2, gpt-3 in the text field, sam has a zero-shot capability in the image field.
You can divide any unknown object in an unknown image and automatically generate the corresponding mask without additional training. The user only needs to use a simple label for the split image (labelling the mask), and sam can learn and improve continuously. The sam output mask can be used as input to the other ai model, for example.
Use sam to identify the mask of the chair in the picture to make 3d modeling in the image application to improve efficiency. The sam model can be divided into image encoder, hint encoder, and mask decoder, where the image encoder is present.
This is achieved in pytorch, where gpu is required for efficient reasoning; the hint encoder and the mask decoder can run on cpu and gpu of various platforms like pytroch, onnx, etc. We believe that the sam as an open source model will significantly improve the efficiency of manual annotation in the image field, lower industry thresholds, count
Arithmetic visuals and a number of vertical applications that will accelerate the development of computer visuals
As we pointed out in our previous research report, Mid-Engine Communications: The First Five in the Country, Working Together in Intel to Create a Low-Income Benai Architecture, Meta's deep learning library has been connected to the booming overall structure of the adlik, if the future deep learning library of Meta is used on a large scale, the booming adlik.
The need for a soft and hard overall architecture is expected to rise. Smart cars, many operations continue to land - Smart Nets series (1).
"Climate Communications: Full Screen Power Global Lead, Consumer Electronics Return - Value Realization at Depth 2 (Consumption Electronics)"
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Figure 1: Sam's model design includes image encoder, tip encoder and mask decoder. Google, meta, centigrade, etc. deep learning libraries have been connected to the edlik architecture and long-term demand is expected to continue to release \triangleright
On December 28, 2022, the company, together with Intel, launched the White Paper " The reasoning of the Intel Alliance model for optimal depth learning in order to achieve efficiency gains " , which provides an in-depth overview of how open-source central communications-led projects are integrated with the Intel Openvino tool. Deployment costs will be significantly increased to address the purchase of specialized gpu hardware, and the scope of application is available.
Limited, less flexible issues, medium-evolving communications through depth optimization at the hardware innovation and software level, in some settings, such as direct use of cpu for reasoning, will help to reduce costs and increase flexibility. The white paper states that through middle-earing, adlik can use automatic branch cutting and distillation of the ii model to optimize the size of the model, and then through the amount of openvinoTM
The combination of tools and reasoning engines to quantify the model int8 to reduce the calculation of the resource and memory bandwidth required for model reasoning, and to improve the model ' s reasoning performance. By using a combination of high-precision ai models that have already completed their training, using the middle-generation Intel+third generation to the powerful scalable exhibition processor +openvinoTM tool sets, it is possible to convert the high-precision ai model into parameters.
Small, simple-structured, minimal-precision small-ai models that are close to large models and have a higher volume of model data throughput, thus achieving that the direct use of cpu servers, without adding gpu hardware and significantly reducing deployment costs, would satisfy the daily reasoning requirements of the model, successfully achieving mitigation efficiency, and making the model more easily deployed in a context of limited computing capacity, compared to the one in which the model is deployed.
We believe that this solution will achieve the reduction efficiency of the ai model reasoning, and that the application of the small ai model in the vertical fields is expected to accelerate landing and fully meet the needs of different scenarios. Adlik is used to complete the in-depth learning model from training to deployment to specific hardware, to provide the end-to-end tool chain for application services.
The purpose of the application is to rapidly deploy models from research and development products to the production application environment. Adlik can collaborate with multiple reasoning, support multiple hardware, provide a uniform external reasoning interface, and provide a variety of flexible deployment options. Google can now connect, metapytorch and 100 degrees of the pjet depth learning library.
As the image encoder function in sam has to be performed in pytorch and requires gpu for efficient reasoning, we believe that the development of the computer visuals industry is expected to further drive the development of the meta in-depth learning library pytorch and other ai Internet enterprises.
The demand for a deep learning library is expected to increase in the firm's soft and hard overall architecture. Figure 2: The overall structure of the firm. Test effects, as shown in figure 3, on the imagenetval validation data set, renet50 clipping models are distilled and refined
The output of the scissors model was 2.74 times higher than that of the original model. The volume of ingestion of the int8 quantified model was 13.82 times higher than that of the original model, without loss of accuracy.The target test of optimisation of the yolov5m model was shown in figure 4, at the Coco2017 validation set, yolov5m
Models with distillation and int8 have lost within 1% of accuracy. Optimized Yolov5m models are 3.39 times as high as the original model.
On March 16, \triangleright, according to the China-China Communications Micro-Credit, the China-China Communications and the People's Congress jointly announced that the Chinese-China Communications Server would support 100-degree “one word” to provide a stronger numeracy support for the use of the one's products and to contribute to the industrialization of the one's applications and ecological prosperity.
“One Word” is a 100-degree-based generation-ai product based on big-minded model technology, with multi-module, cross-linguistic deep-semantics understanding and generation capabilities, and “one Word” will provide industry with a sense-of-the-art service through a 100-degree cloud. With regard to server products, the company’s server products fully meet 100-degree customization requirements, targeting 100-degree intelligent cloudai, in-depth learning.
The need for high density, modularization, precision design, high performance, high reliability, easy to expand, easy to manage, and excellent performance in the fields of ai, cloud computing, big data, nfv, applied to 100-degree brain and oar depth learning platforms.
We believe that this collaboration reflects the Department’s strong ability to provide a solution for the one server, which can fully meet the high demand for the one model and the enormous amount of data to be swallowed. In the future, as the national production of the one model continues to evolve, the one that is being applied downstream will be located.
To date, the company’s latest R6500g5gpu server has been able to support 20 single, half-wide gpu acceleration cards with high density numeracy, flexible expansion, isotopic numeracy, mass storage, stable reliability, and a two-way maximum of 120 nuclear, ai.
A 10-fold rise in digital economic development provides a strong numeric support. At the China-China News 2022 News Interpretation Exchange, companies said they were looking forward to the launch of a gpu server and a high-performance switch in support of chhatgpt by the end of the year, a data centre in 2023, with a doubling of switchboard receipts, and companies are the leading global provider of the ict solution, and we are strong in research and development.
See the firm’s strong technological R & D strength on a continuous realization of value in new applications such as ai. Servers: market share rises fast and increases high \triangleright \triangleright
According to idc, the size of China ' s server market in 2022 was $27.34 billion (18.837 billion yuan), an increase of 9.1 per cent over the same period, and the revenue from China Communications in 2022 was $10.08 billion; according to the China Communications Officer Network, in 2022, China ' s communications server and storage revenue was $10 billion, an increase of nearly 80 per cent over the same period; and according to idc, Chinese uniforms, in the fourth quarter of 2022
The engine market tracker reports that there has been a decline in the wave, Dale, conglomerate shares among the top8 server manufacturers, and a marked increase in super-mulgation and centralization, with the central communications market rising from 3.1% to 5.3%, the fifth highest in the country. At the new product launch this year, the company indicated that it would fast-track the first three servers and storage products in the country (up from 10% in 2022).
Top five of the world’s business plans. Operator’s server market: server products are strong and ranked first in many of the operators’ projects \triangleright
We believe that the construction of the digital economy in 2023 is one of the main lines of national development, that the construction of the network infrastructure will be accelerated or that capital spending by all three operators in 2023 will be sustained at a rate of more than 20 per cent in terms of numeracy, and that communications between China and China are expected to benefit from the core. 1) The company has achieved full-scale coverage in the centralized purchase of servers in China ' s telecommunications in 2022-2023, with a total share first among them.
In packages 1, 4 and 6, it ranked first, and in packages 2, 3 and 7 it ranked second. (2) The company ranked first in the total share of China ' s consolidated purchases of 2022 cloud servers, of which package 1 ranked first; in China ' s consolidated purchases of international servers, 2022-2024, it ranked second in the list of bid 1; and in China ' s access to artificial intelligence suits, 2022
Servers were ranked third in central procurement; the second in total share of China ' s general server collection in 2022.3 The company was ranked first in China ' s 2019-2020, 2020pc server collection, 2021-2022pc server collection (web cloud package); and the second in its total share of China ' s 2021-2022pc server collection (first batch)
Second; ranked third in the total share of China ' s mobile 2021-2022pc server collection (second batch, packages 1-6); second in China ' s mobile 2022 government client arithmetic server collection; first in China ' s mobile centralized network cloud pool, third phase of project computing server procurement.
\triangleright has basic capabilities such as software, hardware, chips, operating systems, etc., to provide additional digital economy applications to the base capabilities, \triangleright
5g built less than expected, smart cars developed less than expected, and Chinese-American trade frictions. In January 2021, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which covers the intellectual manufacturing & cloud computing Idc industrial chain, sea cables, rock yoghurt, a communications research assistant, Master of Arts in Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages, English language level VIII. He worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation Mri Research Centre.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications sector, covering areas such as networking, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, 5g applications. Chen Guang Yi, member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. in Physics, Beijing University. In December 2021, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which specializes in condensed physics.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.