At the 2023 China Light Network workshop, China's mobile indicated that 400-g technology was currently available.
By the end of this year, 400g product collection will be launched, pushing 400g into the commercial phase and launching the Kyushu Initiative for the Development of the Arithmetic Light Network Industry. The China-China communications industry’s first real 400g light transfer programme is expected to continue its cooperation with China’s mobile operators and other operators to promote 400g commercial progress.
China’s mobile drive to build the 400-g backbone network led by China’s communications technology reserve: at a 2023 China luminous web workshop, China indicated that it would push 400g into the commercial phase, while publishing “Nine”
State's Arithmetic Light Network Industry Development Initiative, 2023-2024, Promoting Arithmetic Hub Node 400gotn, 2024-2025, Promoting the Full Deployment of All Arithmetic Hub Node 400g Otn, with the introduction of other bandwidth technologies as required; and beyond 2025, Promoting the Deployment of 800g on a Needs basis
otn. China’s communications lead in 400g, with a real 400g transfer program released in 2023, leading more than six months of industry at 400g’s super-long range. At the beginning of 2023, it helped China move to complete its first 400gqpsk global network pilot, reaching a total length of 2,808 km.
As the next 400-g backbone network construction cycle is officially launched, we believe that the demand will lead to rapid growth in corporate performance. The second curve, with sustained growth, is expected to support future performance growth: 20231, with companies serving.
Product combinations and storage, terminals, 5g industry applications, auto electronics, digital energy, etc., have maintained a rapid growth of over 40% of business earnings over the same period.
Multiple operators have the first share in server collection; the number of servers delivered is the top five in the country. Others such as financial databases, industrial digitization, 5g industry applications, auto electronics, digital energy, intelligent institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulationa
The second curve is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future, while at the same time providing a significant boost to the company’s future performance. Focusing heavily on the ai industry, the gpu server will be launched by the end of the year and a new generation of ai chip will be developed: public:
The Division attaches great importance to the industry opportunities presented by the rise of the ii industry. In December 2022, the company, in conjunction with Intel, jointly released the Intel Consortium Optimizing Insight Learning Model reasoning to achieve efficiency gains. The White Paper will address the cost, limited application and scope of model deployment costs for the purchase of specialized gpu hardware.
Less flexible issues; March announcement and 100-degree collaboration, the server will support 100-degree “one-size-fits-all” and provide the robust computing needs required. In April, the company's performance statement in 2022 indicated that it would launch a gpu server to support chhatgpt by the end of the year and that a new one would be developed.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.