An overview of events: On 21 April 2023, the company published its first quarterly report in 2023, with 23q1 earning 29.14 billion yuan, an increase of 4.3 per cent and a decline of 4.1 per cent in the ring ratio; and a net return to the mother of 2.64 billion yuan.
This represents an increase of 19.2 per cent in the same year and 109.7 per cent in the ring; a net gain of $2.45 billion in non-repatriation, an increase of 25.7 per cent in the same year, a net increase of 298.4 per cent in the ring, and a net operating cash flow of $2.33 billion, an increase of 95.9 per cent in the same year.
(1) Operator network: According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, in the first quarter of 2023, about 330,000 new facilities were built at the 5g base station in China, benefiting directly from the company as the lead major equipment provider. The company continuously raises the market share of wireless cable products, and expands the network ' s cooperation, transforming to ict, servers and storage, new data centres, data exchange,
Innovative products such as digital energy are fast-growing. The size of the company server market has jumped to the top five in the country. (2) Businesses of government: the company's optical transmission product has kept growing, servers and storage are fast breaking through the financial, Internet and other industries and forming scale applications, becoming a key growth engine for the government and business.
Products such as data communications, databases, etc. are gradually becoming the dominant force in the domestic market. Building on digital capabilities, the digital nebula platform, the company continues to produce intelligence, low-carbon parks, smart ports, and transportation.
ultra, a global top-notch 3d tablet computer nubiapad3d and many other innovations. 5g s01052209005
The Mbb&fwa data end product continues to be a global leader. Household information terminal business income has increased by double digits, and intelligent households have continued to enrich the product matrix by launching new products in the first quarter of 2023, following the release of ax5400pro+ at the end of 2022.
(4) Innovative business: the company is continuously launching a g5 series of servers with high density, flexible outreach, isomer numeracy, etc., containing high-efficiency prefabricated power modules, liquid cooling, ai smart management, etc., with high net profit deductions, and a second curve leads to growth - 2023/03/
The new generation of data centres and the global first five-g-coated laptop computer, Wind 2, are driving the second curve, with revenue from innovative business operations growing by more than 40% in the first quarter of the year. The Māori rate has risen significantly, with net return profits rising faster than expected.
\triangleright Review: Staying firm, with a high-quality development horizon of 2022/1 Mäori q1 of 44.5%, an increase of 6.71 ptt and an increase of 8.02 ptc over the same period, mainly due to:
Optimized product structure and economic control of chip supply chains. Sales/management/research and development costs are 0.19/+2.28 pct, cost controls are effective, and sales and management costs are reduced by the same ring ratio.
Investment proposal: In view of the company ' s continued enhancement of its basic ict capacity, first curve business resilience has been highlighted, resulting in sustained optimization - 2022/03/09 \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.