The top five servers in the country, working together in Intel to build a low-cost ai structure, are expected to benefit from the development of the digital economy as a digital economy, with central communication as an arithmetic leader with continuous depth layout in the areas of servers, chips, databases, etc.
China News (000063.sz) Servers: The market share has increased rapidly, maintaining a high rate of growth, and according to idc data, the size of the Chinese server market was $27.34 billion in 2022 (1888.37 billion)
According to the China-China Communications Officer Network, in 2022, the revenue from communications servers and storage in China increased by nearly 80 per cent in comparison with the previous year; according to the idc server market tracking report for the fourth quarter of 2022, there was a significant increase in the share of top 8 service providers, waves, Dale, joint ventures.
Long, the share of China’s telecommunications market rose from 3.1% to 5.3%, the fifth largest in the country.
Smart cars, multiple businesses that continue to land - Smart Nets I.S.A. Series (1).
The Consumer's Return - Value Realization in Deep 2 (Consumption Electronics)
The server market: server products are strong and ranked first in many of the operators' projects.
1) The company achieved full contract coverage in the central purchase of servers in China ' s telecommunications 2022-2023, with the first share, with the first in packages 1, 4 and 6 and the second in packages 2, 3 and 7. 2) The company has the first share in the central purchase of the 2022 cloud server in China, with the first in the total; and the first in the 2022-
In 2024, China connected international servers were ranked second in the central purchase slot 1; in 2022, China joined the third in the central acquisition of an artificial intelligence service; and in 2022, China ' s combined share of the general access server collection was second in total. 3) The company moved China 2019-2020, 2020 pc servers, 2021-2022pc servers collections (net cloud)
First in all; second in total share in China ' s 2021-2022pc server collection (first batch); third in total share in China ' s 2021-2022pc server collection (second batch, 1-6 package); second in China ' s 2022 government firm client computing server collection; third in China ' s mobile centralized network cloud pool
We believe that the construction of a digital economy is one of the main lines of national development in 2023, that the construction of network infrastructure will be accelerated, and that capital spending on computing by all three operators will remain at a pace of more than 20% in 2023, with central benefits expected from communications.
On March 16th, China Communications Micro-Trust Public, China Communications and Pepsi jointly announced that China Communications Servers would support 100 degrees of “Toneness” to provide stronger numeric support for the use of the ai product, contributing to the industrialization of the ai and ecological prosperity.
“One Word” is a 100-degree-based generation-ai product based on big-minded model technology, with multi-module, cross-linguistic deep-semantics understanding and generation capabilities, and “one Word” will provide industry with a sense-of-the-art service through a 100-degree cloud. With regard to server products, the company’s server products fully meet 100-degree customization requirements, targeting 100-degree intelligent cloudai, in-depth learning.
The need for high density, modularization, precision design, high performance, high reliability, easy to expand, easy to manage, and excellent performance in the fields of ai, cloud computing, big data, nfv, applied to 100-degree brain and oar depth learning platforms.
We believe that this collaboration reflects the Department’s strong ability to provide a solution for the one server, which can fully meet the high demand for the one model and the enormous amount of data to be swallowed. In the future, as the national production of the one model continues to evolve, the application of the one downstream falls.
So far, the company’s latest R6500g5gpu server has been able to support 20 single- and-a-half-long gpu acceleration cards with high density numeracy, flexible expansion, isomer numeracy, volume storage, stable reliability, etc., with two-way maximum support of 120 nuclear, ai.
A 10-fold rise can provide a strong numeracy support for digital economic development. Together with Intel, the in-depth learning reasoning software and hardware architecture is released, with some areas being replaced with high-cost gpu \triangleright by low-cost cpu.
On December 28, 2022, the company, together with Intel, launched the White Paper " The reasoning of the Intel Alliance model for optimal depth learning in order to achieve efficiency gains " , which provides an in-depth overview of how open-source central communications-led projects are integrated with the Intel Openvino tool. Deployment costs will be significantly increased to address the purchase of specialized gpu hardware, and the scope of application is available.
Limited, less flexible issues, medium-evolving communications through depth optimization at the hardware innovation and software level, in some settings, such as direct use of cpu for reasoning, will help to reduce costs and increase flexibility. The white paper states that through middle-earing, adlik can use automatic branch cutting and distillation of the ii model to optimize the size of the model, and then through the amount of openvinoTM
The combination of tools and reasoning engines to quantify the model int8 to reduce the calculation of the resource and memory bandwidth required for model reasoning, and to improve the model ' s reasoning performance. By using a combination of high-precision ai models that have already completed their training, using the middle-generation Intel+third generation to the powerful scalable exhibition processor +openvinoTM tool sets, it is possible to convert the high-precision ai model into parameters.
Small, simple-structured, minimal-precision small-ai models that are close to large models and have a higher volume of model data throughput, thus achieving that the direct use of cpu servers, without adding gpu hardware and significantly reducing deployment costs, would satisfy the daily reasoning requirements of the model, successfully achieving mitigation efficiency, and making the model more easily deployed in a context of limited computing capacity, compared to the one in which the model is deployed.
We believe that this solution will achieve the reduction efficiency of the ai model reasoning, and that the application of the small ai model in the vertical fields is expected to accelerate landing and fully meet the needs of different scenarios. Adlik is used to complete the in-depth learning model from training to deployment to specific hardware, to provide the end-to-end tool chain for application services.
The purpose of the application is to rapidly deploy models from research and development products to production applications. Adlik can collaborate with multiple reasoning, support multiple hardware, provide a uniform external reasoning interface, and provide a variety of flexible deployment options.
The test effect, as shown in figure 3, is that in the imagenetval validation data set, the resnet 50 cut-off model has been slightly improved by distillation, and the slicing model has seen an ingestion of 2.74 times higher than that of the original model. The int8 quantified model of the ingestion volume of the model has been 13.82 times higher than that of the original model, with significant effects, with no loss of accuracy.
The target-detected yolov5m model optimization test results are shown in figure 4, where, at the Coco2017 validation set, yolov5m lost accuracy of less than 1% after distillation and int8. The optimised Yolov5m model is 3.39 times higher than the original model.
\triangleright, a leading global provider of ict solutions, will benefit fully from the accelerated construction of 5g as the lead equipment provider, while research and development is strong, and we appreciate the continuing value realization of the firm’s strong technology for research and development in new applications.
5g built less than expected, smart cars developed less than expected, and Chinese-American trade frictions. In January 2021, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which covers the intellectual manufacturing & cloud computing Idc industrial chain, sea cables, rock yoghurt, a communications research assistant, Master of Arts in Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages, English language level VIII. He worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation Mri Research Centre.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications sector, covering areas such as networking, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, 5g applications. Chen Guang Yi, member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. in Physics, Beijing University. In December 2021, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which specializes in condensed physics.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.