The second curve continues to grow at a higher rate than expected, with the company issuing a quarterly report in 2023, generating business income of $29.14 billion, yoy+4.34 per cent, and the company achieving it.
Net profits of $2.64 billion, yoy+19.2 per cent, combined eps of $0.56, slightly over-expected performance, maintaining “buy-in” companies outperformed expectations during the quarter, and profitability demonstrated: q1 Māori increased by 44.5 per cent, 6.7 per cent, ring increased by 8.02 percentage points, and Māori significantly increased projected
Due to changes in product structure and the increased profitability of the operator’s operations, the company’s performance has increased efficiently. In terms of cost rates, the company’s sales/management/financial costs have increased by 3.5 percentage points, and the company now owns more than 1,000 people in the ai field globally.
Research and development staff in innovation work, companies will continuously reserve technological capabilities, enrich product matrices, enhance the second curve and bright eyes, and are expected to support future performance growth: companies maintain fast the second curve operations, represented by servers and storage, end-of-end, 5g industry applications, auto electronics, digital energy, etc.
In 2022, companies accounted for the first share of the collection of many domestic operators: servers accounted for the top five. Other areas, such as financial databases, industrial digitization, 5g applications, auto electronics, digital energy, intelligent households, etc.
Highlights. The second curve is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future, while at the same time driving the company's product mix, giving a high priority to the ai industry, with the introduction of the gpu server and the development of the new generation of the ai chip by the end of the year:
The Division attaches great importance to the industry opportunities presented by the rise of the ii industry, and announced in March that with 100% cooperation, the server will support 100% of the "one word" and provide the required strong numeracy.
The 2022 performance statement will indicate that the company will launch a gpu service server to support chhatgpt by the end of this year, and will develop a new generation of ai chip to reduce the cost of large model reasoning. The impact of the epidemic on companies’ overseas operations continues.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.