On April 13th, 2023, China’s communications and communications network Eco-summit was held in Shenzhen on April 12, 2023.
According to the 2022 annual report, companies managed to raise $14.630 billion, an increase of 11.84 per cent.
The revenues were 11.90 per cent; the company’s servers and storage products were close to $10 billion, which is a near-growth rate. The company’s government and businesses have collected more than 30 per cent of the total in the past three years, including 85 per cent, 72 per cent, 41 per cent, and 26 per cent, respectively, for the Internet, finance, large enterprises, and the government sector.
The company released a number of new computing products at the Summit: g5; 2 PVS servers r5930g23, r5530g23. Of these, the intel server improved its orthopaedic performance by 57% and the floating point by 56%; and the amd server improved its orthopaedic performance by 100%.
Jiang Ying, 85 per cent improvement in float performance; 19 per cent increase in orthopaedic performance of sealight servers and 16 per cent increase in float capacity. hdd/satasssd storage capacity increased by 24 per cent, nvmesd capacity increased by 50 per cent; two-wide gpu
The card slots are raised by 50%, with a 2u server supporting four double-wide gpus and a 4ur6500g5 server supporting a maximum of 10 double-wide gpus. The server supports coolboard cooling, which drops to 1.15, and the impregnable program is also being developed.
otn light network: roll-out of real 400g light transfer programme with no reduction in speed; 60 per cent increase in transmission distance, 58 per cent decrease in power consumption and 32t increase in network capacity.
Digital Star Network 2.0: Introduction of analk model reasoning tool (open source), where knowledge distillation functions can model smart cars, multiple operations continue to fall - Smart Nets series (1).
So far, both are ranked first on the paperwithcode list.
The Consumer's Return - Value Realization in Deep 2 (Consumption Electronics)
Cell phone/plate terminal: launch of axon50ultra5g sector initial satellite telecommunications 5g secure cell phone without network coverage.
Used to send messages, security features, and a two-system that fully meets the security needs of governments and corporations. The Nubiapad3d global front-line i3d tablet, which provides 3d videoconferencing, 3d live video, 3d medical health, 3dxr Wonyu, education, etc., is a multi-sector solution.
Databases: Goldendb has won both of China's mobile national production database collections, with a total share ranking first; a full range of banks, exchanges, and head voucher dealers, such as state-owned banks, policy banks, stock holdings, municipal comptoirs and agricultural comptoirs, are involved in production. Google, Meta, 100-degree, etc., are all connected to the middle- and middle-level learning base, and long-term demand is expected to continue to be released.
On December 28, 2022, the company, together with Intel, launched the White Paper " The reasoning of the Intel Alliance model for optimal depth learning in order to achieve efficiency gains " , which provides an in-depth overview of how open-source central communications-led projects are integrated with the Intel Openvino tool. Deployment costs will be significantly increased to address the purchase of specialized gpu hardware, and the scope of application is available.
Limited, less flexible issues, medium-evolving communications through depth optimization at the hardware innovation and software level, in some settings, such as direct use of cpu for reasoning, will help to reduce costs and increase flexibility. The white paper states that through middle-earing, adlik can use automatic branch cutting and distillation of the ii model to optimize the size of the model, and then through the amount of openvinoTM
The combination of tools and reasoning engines to quantify the model int8 to reduce the calculation of the resource and memory bandwidth required for model reasoning, and to improve the model ' s reasoning performance. By using a combination of high-precision ai models that have already completed their training, using the middle-generation Intel+third generation to the powerful scalable exhibition processor +openvinoTM tool sets, it is possible to convert the high-precision ai model into parameters.
Small, simple-structured, minimal-precision small-ai models that are close to large models and have a higher volume of model data throughput, thus achieving that the direct use of cpu servers, without adding gpu hardware and significantly reducing deployment costs, would satisfy the daily reasoning requirements of the model, successfully achieving mitigation efficiency, and making the model more easily deployed in a context of limited computing capacity, compared to the one in which the model is deployed.
We believe that this solution will achieve the reduction efficiency of the ai model reasoning, and that the application of the small ai model in the vertical fields is expected to accelerate landing and fully meet the needs of different scenarios. Adlik is used to complete the in-depth learning model from training to deployment to specific hardware, to provide the end-to-end tool chain for application services.
The purpose of the application is to rapidly deploy models from research and development products to the production application environment. Adlik can collaborate with multiple reasoning, support multiple hardware, provide a uniform external reasoning interface, and provide a variety of flexible deployment options. Google can now connect, metapytorch and 100 degrees of the pjet depth learning library.
As the image encoder function in sam has to be performed in pytorch and requires gpu for efficient reasoning, we believe that the development of the computer visuals industry is expected to further drive the development of the meta in-depth learning library pytorch and other ai Internet enterprises.
The need for a deep learning library is expected to increase the demand for the firm ' s soft and hard overall architecture. Figure 1: overall structure of the firm
The output of the scissors model was 2.74 times higher than that of the original model. The volume of ingestion of the int8 quantified model was 13.82 times higher than that of the original model, without loss of accuracy.The target test of optimisation of the yolov5m model was shown in figure 4, at the Coco2017 validation set, yolov5m
Models with distillation and int8 have lost within 1% of accuracy. Optimized Yolov5m models are 3.39 times as high as the original model.
On March 16, \triangleright, according to the China-China Communications Micro-Credit, the China-China Communications and the People's Congress jointly announced that the Chinese-China Communications Server would support 100-degree “one word” to provide a stronger numeracy support for the use of the one's products and to contribute to the industrialization of the one's applications and ecological prosperity.
“One Word” is a 100-degree-based generation-ai product based on big-minded model technology, with multi-module, cross-linguistic deep-semantics understanding and generation capabilities, and “one Word” will provide industry with a sense-of-the-art service through a 100-degree cloud. With regard to server products, the company’s server products fully meet 100-degree customization requirements, targeting 100-degree intelligent cloudai, in-depth learning.
The need for high density, modularization, precision design, high performance, high reliability, easy to expand, easy to manage, and excellent performance in the fields of ai, cloud computing, big data, nfv, applied to 100-degree brain and oar depth learning platforms.
We believe that this collaboration reflects the Department’s strong ability to provide a solution for the one server, which can fully meet the high demand for the one model and the enormous amount of data to be swallowed. In the future, as the national production of the one model continues to evolve, the one that is being applied downstream will be located.
To date, the company’s latest R6500g5gpu server has been able to support 20 single, half-wide gpu acceleration cards with high density numeracy, flexible expansion, isotopic numeracy, mass storage, stable reliability, and a two-way maximum of 120 nuclear, ai.
A 10-fold rise in digital economic development provides a strong numeric support. At the China-China News 2022 News Interpretation Exchange, companies said they were looking forward to the launch of a gpu server and a high-performance switch in support of chhatgpt by the end of the year, a data centre in 2023, with a doubling of switchboard receipts, and companies are the leading global provider of the ict solution, and we are strong in research and development.
See the firm’s strong technological R & D strength on a continuous realization of value in new applications such as ai. Servers: market share rises fast and increases high \triangleright \triangleright
According to idc, the size of China ' s server market in 2022 was $27.34 billion (18.837 billion yuan), an increase of 9.1 per cent over the same period, and the revenue from China Communications in 2022 was $10.08 billion; according to the China Communications Officer Network, in 2022, China ' s communications server and storage revenue was $10 billion, an increase of nearly 80 per cent over the same period; and according to idc, Chinese uniforms, in the fourth quarter of 2022
The engine market tracker reports that there has been a decline in the wave, Dale, conglomerate shares among the top8 server manufacturers, and a marked increase in super-mulgation and centralization, with the central communications market rising from 3.1% to 5.3%, the fifth highest in the country. At the new product launch this year, the company indicated that it would fast-track the first three servers and storage products in the country (up from 10% in 2022).
The market for servers for operators: server products are strong and ranked first among multiple operators, and we believe that the construction of the digital economy in 2023 is one of the main lines of national development, and that the construction of network infrastructure will be accelerated.
In 2023, capital spending on numeracy by all three major operators was maintained at a rate of more than 20 per cent, and communications in China are expected to benefit from the core. 1) The company achieved full contract coverage in the centralized purchase of servers in China ' s telecommunications 2022-2023, with the first total share, with the first in the package, the first in the package, the fourth in the package, and the second in the package, the second in the package, the second in the envelope, the second in the row, and the second in the row.
2) The company has the first total share in the central purchase of the China Connect 2022 Cloud Server, of which package 1 ranks first; the second in the Chinese Connect International Server Central Purchase Marker, 2022-2024; the third in the central procurement of the China Connect artificial intelligence service server, 2022; and the second in the Chinese Connect Universal Server Collection, 2022.
3) The company was ranked first in China ' s 2019-2020, 2020pc server collection and 2021-2022pc server collection (web cloud package); second in China ' s 2021-2022pc server collection (first batch); third in China ' s 2021-2022pc server collection (second batch, 1-6 package);
China is ranked second in the collection of 2022 government and corporate clients ' computing servers; and first in the procurement of the computer-based servers in the third phase of China ' s mobile centralized network cloud pool. \triangleright
The company has basic capabilities such as software, hardware, chips, operating systems, etc., to provide additional digital economy applications to the base capabilities. \triangleright 5g is not built as expected, smart cars are not developed as expected, and Central American trade is venerated.
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covers in depth the intellectual manufacturing & cloud computing Idc industrial chain, the cable, the rock yoyote, a communications research assistant and a master's degree in finance from the Beijing University of Foreign Languages, the English language class VIII. He worked at the Shanghai Steel Federation's mri research centre, responsible car block research. He joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020.
Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. in Physics, Peking University, specializing in condensed physics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2021, conducting research in the communications industry, covering areas such as new sources of cable & telecommunications, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.