Communications (000063.sz) Communications system equipment iii All-store layout computing, self-researching chips to deepen the moat
Events: On March 10, 2023, the China-China newsletter published its annual report for 2022, and in 2022 it achieved a sustained high level of business performance in domestic and foreign markets and a steady growth of core business. During the reporting period, the domestic market and the country’s post-epidemiology period were able to sustain performance growth.
At the same time as the limited market share of the network is actively expanding the operator’s cloud network operations; at present, the company’s 5g base station delivery volume, the 5g core network delivery volume are the second highest in the world, and the company’s servers and stored products are ranked first in the domestic collection. For business, the company’s core product goldendb distribution database is published for 7.0 years.
In the case of consumer operations, the corporate layout strategy of the "1+2+n" smart end product introduces axon40ultra in flagship phones; mobile Internet products mb&cpe global markets.
The first share, 32.8% of the company’s market share, is the highest in the world. Companies are gradually integrating mobile phones, moving interconnected products, family information terminals and ecological capabilities, providing consumers and individuals with a wealth of smart products, Lee Hong Tao.
To strengthen the core of the ict, to build the base of the digital economy. The company locates the “road builder of the digital economy”, based on the core of the ict end-to-end, around connectivity (ct technology) and silicon (it technology), and engages and promotes the digital economy from the ict industrial dimension, industry application dimensions.
In the area of computing infrastructure, companies already have a full range of servers and storage products, including universal servers, gpu servers, liquid cold servers, and all-smugged storage products.
Over the past three years, corporate server revenues have risen rapidly from more than $1 billion to nearly $10 billion in size, with cross-cutting growth. At the same time, companies have been increasing their innovative research and cooperation with operators, data centre exchanges have been fully rolled out of self-research chip products, with a doubling of target performance in 2023.
In 2022, more than $20 billion was spent on research and development, and self-researched large models based on transformer. The company invested heavily in the area of artificial intelligence, self-researched large models based on transformer, providing a safe and credible model that gives people a sense of intelligence and helping clients to improve their R & D, production and operational efficiency. In the future, it will focus on three product directions: 1)
The company ' s new generation of IAC infrastructure products, which fully support large model training and reasoning, including high-performance ai servers, high-performance switches, dpu, etc.; and 2) the next generation of digital nebula solutions, using generation ai technology, to conduct research in the areas of code generation, office intelligence, and operational intelligence, and to improve overall corporate effectiveness
Rates; 3) New generation of ii acceleration chips, model light-quantified technologies that significantly reduce the cost of large model reasoning.
The need to diversify the landscape. Currently, three major players in the country are actively promoting the integration of computing networks, companies have tied China ' s telecommunications, and in 2022 they worked together to build a number of product-number markers and completed several existing network pilots, while focusing on three main areas, namely, cloud bottoms, industry innovations, cloud safety, and deeper and broader research and development cooperation and joint business innovations;
Business works with China to complete the piloting of the country's first centralized computer circuits and to promote a new information infrastructure development process that integrates computing networks: in the 5g industry, companies and the United China Mobile Publishing industry first based on the end-to-end 5gtsn, building a 5g digital grid demonstration, accelerating the commercial development of 5g in key industries
The cost structure continues to be optimized and core technology is steadily updated. In 2022, the company ' s Māori ratio was 37.19 per cent, a 5.52 per cent increase over the year, and the company ' s profitability continued to rise; sales, management, financial costs as a share of operating income were due to increased interest income and lower exchange losses due to exchange rate fluctuations.
This represents 17.57% of operating income, mainly due to the Group’s continued investment in technology related areas such as 5 g-related products, chips, services, and storage, and innovation. Companies follow global trends of digitalization and green low-carbonization to capture the opportunities for intellectual transformation, with construction in progress to become fixed assets in 2022, and are already working on chips.
Databases, operating systems, have mastered the bottom core of technology, which is constantly translated into corporate competitiveness and contributes to business growth. At the same time, companies will continue to deepen their numbers of intellectual transformations, 5g, East-West accounting, and double-carbon economies, without compromising their investment in the ict technology sector, to meet many aspects of business transformation.
Investment proposals: The company, as the head of the ict, is based on a “digital economy builder”, while helping operators and partners to build the “connection plus numeracy plus capability” think tank, accelerates the intellectual transformation of the promotions, sustained growth in business performance in 2022, and a second curve of new profits. We predict the company's revenue for 2023-2025.
Good, foreign markets are not expanding as expected; sharing is not building as much as it is.