On April 12, 2023, China’s newsletter held its 2023 China Communications Clouds Eco-summit in Shenzhen.
According to the 2022 report, companies achieved $14,630 million in revenues, an increase of 11.84 per cent and 11.90 per cent in revenues.
In the past three years, more than 30% of the cagr has been collected by government enterprises, including 85%, 72%, 41%, and 26% by the Internet, finance, large enterprises, and government administrations.
g5; 2 sealight mail servers r5930g23, r5530g23. Of these, intel servers have improved their orthopaedic performance by 57% and float performance by 56%; amd servers have improved their orthopaedic performance by 100%, Jiang Ying
The floating point performance increased by 85 per cent; the sealight server increased 19 per cent in orthopaedic performance and the floating point performance increased by 16 per cent.
The server supports coolboard cooling, which drops to 1.15, and the impregnated program is also being developed. otn light network: real 400g light transfer program is being introduced, and speed up is no less; transmission distance is 60% higher.
A 58 per cent drop in power consumption and an increase in network capacity to 32t. Communications depth report: full layout. Digital Star Network 2.0: Introduction of analk model reasoning tool (open source), where knowledge distillation functions can model
Smart cars, multiple operations that continue to land - smart network car series (1) have been reduced tenfold in size, and model cutting functions can reduce arithmetic demand by 50%.
All ranked first on the paperwithcode list.
Line Depth 2 (Consumption Electronics)
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, mobile phone/plate terminal: launch of the axon 50ultra5g first satellite communications 5g secure cell phone without network coverage, sending old messages, security performance, and a two-system that fully meets the security needs of the government. Launch Nubiapad 3d Global
The first one, a naked 3d tablet computer, provides 3d videoconferences, 3d live video, 3d medical health, 3dxr Zeus, education, etc. Multi-sector solutions. Database: Goldendb won both of China’s mobile national production database collections, with a total share first; it is large in the state.
On December 28, 2022, the company, in Intel Together, published the reasoning of the Intel Alliance Advanced Learning Model for Optimizing Insight, a series of banks, exchanges, head-collagers, etc. The Google, Meta, and 100-degree deep learning banks have all been connected to the Mid-Hingadlik architecture, and long-term demand is expected to be released.
This White Paper on achieving efficiency gains provides an in-depth account of how open-source central communication-led projects, adlik, are integrated with the Intel Openvino tool. To address the problem of purchasing specialized gpu hardware, which would significantly increase deployment costs and have a limited and less flexible application, the edifice is optimized through hardware innovation and software levels, in some settings, for example,
If cpu can be used directly for reasoning, it will help to reduce costs and increase flexibility. The white paper states that adlik can automatically cut and distill the ii model, optimize the size of the model, and quantify the model int8 through the quantitativeization tool and the reasoning engine of the openvinoTM, thereby reducing the scale required for model reasoning.
A combination of high-precision ai models that have completed their training can be converted into smaller, simple-structured, minimally accurate models that are close to large models, with higher throughput of model data.
So, without increasing the gpu hardware and significantly reducing deployment costs, direct use of the cpu server would satisfy the daily reasoning requirements of the model, successfully achieve the downscaling efficiency and make the model more easily deployed in contexts with limited arithmetical capacity, as in the case of auto-drive end-of-life scenarios. We believe that this solution would achieve the downswing efficiency of the ai model reasoning, applying the verticals.
It is expected that small-scale models in the field will accelerate their landing and fully meet the needs of different scenarios.adlik is a chain of end-to-end tools for the deployment of deep learning models from the completion of training to the deployment of specific hardware and the provision of application services for rapid deployment of models from research and development products to the production application environment.adlik can draw from a variety of reasonings.
To support multiple hardware, provide a uniform external reasoning interface, and provide a variety of flexible deployment options. Google tensorlow, metapytorch, and 100-degree pop depth learning libraries are now able to access the alk architecture. The computer visual industry may accelerate with the advent of the open-source image partition model for metaaisam.
The image encoder function has to be performed in pytorch, and gpu is needed for efficient reasoning, and we believe that the development of the computer visuals industry is expected to further drive the demand for a deep learning library for the meta in-depth learning library and other ai Internet enterprises, and the demand for the firm's soft and hard overall architecture is expected to increase.
Figure 1: overall structure of adlik Test effects as shown in figure 3, in the imagenetval validation data set, resnet 50 clipping models have been slightly improved by distillation, and slicing models have increased their throughput by 2.74 times as much as the original model.
Models, with no loss of accuracy, are 13.82 times higher than the original models and have a significant effect. The target test Yolov5m model optimization test results are shown in figure 4. In the Coco2017 test set, yolov5m lost within 1% of the accuracy after distillation of the cut and int8.
The volume was 3.39 times higher than the original model. \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \ \ \
On March 16, China Communications Micro-Trust Public, China Communications and Pepsi jointly announced that the Chinese Communications Server would support 100 degrees of “one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, one voice, and the other.
In the case of server products, the company’s server products fully meet the 100-degree customization requirements, responding to the need for 100-degree smart cloud, in-depth learning, and using high density, modularization, precision design, high performance, high reliability, etc.
The advantages of ease of expansion, ease of management, and excellence in the fields of ai, cloud computing, big data, and nfv are applied to 100-degree brain and oar depth learning platforms. Currently, the company server product has been scaled up to cover 100-degree intelligent clouds, fully meeting the needs of 100-degree intelligent landscapes for different configurations, resource allocation, and upper cloud services.
The Division is powerful in providing a solution for the ai server, where the company’s server product can fully meet the dynamic and massive data-absorption needs of the ai model. In the future, as the national production ai model continues to develop, and the downfall of the ai downstream application, model reasoning demands are expected to drive the company’s ai server to keep up.
So far, the company's latest R6500g5gpu server has been able to support 20 single- and-a-half-long gpu acceleration cards with high density, flexible expansion, isotopic algorithms, sea mass storage, and reliable stability, with two-way maximum support of 120 nuclears, agility up to 10 times, and a strong numeric support for digital economic development.
The company has indicated that it is expected to launch a gpu server and a high-performance switch in support of chhatgpt by the end of the year, a doubling of the data centre in 2023, while the company is the leading provider of the global ict solution, with strong R & D capabilities, and we appreciate the continued value realization of the firm ' s strong technology R & D strength in new applications such as the one.
\triangleright, according to idc data, the size of the Chinese server market in 2022 was $27.34 billion (18,88.37 billion yuan), an increase from the previous year.
9.1% long, with central communications revenue reaching RMB 1,00.08 billion in 2022; in 2022, central communications servers and storage revenues increased by nearly 80% compared to the same amount; according to idc ' s last quarter of 2022, there was a drop in the tides, Dale ' s share of the top 8 servers, super-mixing and China ' s share.
There has been a marked increase in the share of the telecommunications market, which rose from 3.1% to 5.3%, ranking fifth in the country. At the launch of the new product this year, companies indicated that they would move quickly towards the first three (up from 10% in 2022) of servers and storage products in the country and the first five in the world.
Operator server market: Server products are strong, ranked first among multiple operators, and we believe that digital economy construction was one of the main lines of national development in 2023, network infrastructure was either to be accelerated, capital spending on numeracy by all three operators remained at a pace of more than 20% in 2023, with central benefits expected from communications.
1) The company achieved full contract coverage in the central purchase of servers in China ' s telecommunications 2022-2023, with the first share, with the first in packages 1, 4 and 6 and the second in packages 2, 3 and 7. 2) The company has the first share in the central purchase of the 2022 cloud server in China, with the first in the total; and the first in the 2022-
In 2024, China connected international servers were ranked second in the central purchase slot 1; in 2022, China joined the third in the central acquisition of an artificial intelligence service; and in 2022, China ' s combined share of the general access server collection was second in total. 3) The company moved China 2019-2020, 2020 pc servers, 2021-2022pc servers collections (net cloud)
First in all; second in total share in China ' s 2021-2022pc server collection (first batch); third in total share in China ' s 2021-2022pc server collection (second batch, 1-6 package); second in China ' s 2022 government firm client computing server collection; third in China ' s mobile centralized network cloud pool
\triangleright has basic capabilities such as software, hardware, chips, operating systems, etc., which enable it to extrapolate digital economy applications.
\triangleright 5g built less than expected, smart cars developed less than expected, Chinese-American trade frictions started with Chinese securities, sales securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, covering deep-covering the intellectual manufacturing and cloud computing Idc industrial chain, sea cables.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications industry, covering areas such as networking of goods, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, and 5g applications.
Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Doctor of Physics, Beijing University, Condensed Physics. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2021 to carry out research in the communications industry, covering, inter alia, new sources of cable & telecommunications, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.