On the 14th of August, 2022, a number of markets were opened, and tram intelligence helped to grow.
The company is one of the leading companies in the industry, relying on a strong accumulation of more than 20 years in the pcb industry.
Corporate equity incentives are strong, demonstrating confidence in corporate development and contributing to greater cohesion. Performance is constrained by the epidemic, the international situation, and rising prices of raw materials, but companies are actively adjusting, and their performance is expected to continue with the boom in the digital + smart car industry in the future.
The base station needs are stable, market prices are rising, and the communications pcb industry is developing to meet new opportunities: in 2022, we officially launched the East and West Count project, and investment in data centre infrastructure by large cloud services and Internet manufacturers worldwide will not stagnate.
The size of the data centre market reached $76.56 billion, an increase of 13.5 per cent over the same period. In 2021, China’s cloud computing market reached $32.29 billion, an increase of 54.4 per cent over the same year, of which public cloud size increased from 70.8 per cent to 2181 billion.
Intel and amd announced that they will apply pcie 5.0 to the next generation of server processors to meet the need for ultra-high bandwidth for the full ai and cloud-end applications, and that the pcb board, as the key building block for the various walker lines in the server, will need to be upgraded to adapt to server upgrades and increase its value.
• The company is expected to benefit from the trend of motor intelligence through years of deep-farming and high-tech mounds, and the automobile industry is experiencing a number of destabilizing trends, such as electrification, intelligence and networking, and the pcb ratio per vehicle continues to grow as more and more electronic technologies are applied to automobile systems.
The trend towards car intelligence is clear that the market for unmanned vehicles will reach $1040 million in 2022, and that the growth will continue at a high rate: the average number of new vehicles on the market will increase rapidly in 2019-2025.
Long, from 1.62 in 2019 to 2.66 in 2025, multiple screens will gradually become new cars -- billions of dollars and 30% higher than the previous year. With 30 years of industry accumulation and high-tech barriers, the company is one of the leaders in the pcb industry, and its operations have been affected by upstream raw material prices, exchange rates, and epidemics in the last two years.
The impact of such factors has fluctuated, but it is still positive and the turning point is now in place. It is expected that, with 5g in the future, the build-up of the idc and the continued development of car intelligence, the price of pcb will rise, and one of the top pcb champions in the country will perform well.
1.1 The pcb industry is 30 years old and is one of the largest and most technologically powerful pcb manufacturers in the country.
The company was transformed into a limited company in 2003 and renamed the “Seize Electronics Company” and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2010. Since its inception, the company has been based on the development and production of circuit boards.
In keeping with the concept of “Growing, Growing, Joining the Interests” and focusing on the implementation of the established strategy of “Focus pcb Masters, Proficiency” for steady growth, there are currently 1.6 million square metres of capacity to print circuit boards, and strong operational links have been established with major domestic and foreign clients in the main product area of pcb.
In 2021, printing circuit boards accounted for 95.14 per cent of receipts, 65.01 per cent of business communications boards and 65.01 per cent of automobile boards.
In terms of communications, the company's clients are mainly Nokia, Huaieng, Naking Communications, Motorola, Ericsson, Microsoft and Meta: in terms of automobiles, the company's clients are Continental Motors, Biadi and Tesla.
1.2 Performance has been reversed, three fee control has increased, the Maori rate has stabilized, market demand has declined significantly, and the depreciation of the United States dollar has affected company-owned business income to a certain extent due to the main export of products to foreign markets, despite the potential of high-speed network equipment and data centre-related pcb products
The demand for pcb products in applications such as company high-speed network equipment and data centres was significantly constrained in 2021 owing to a shortage of global chip supplies, supply constraints for specific components, and geo-regional risk diversification strategies implemented by overseas clients. After entering 2022, the dollar appreciated slowly, the chip problem was eased, and pcb was reduced.
The demand for product applications was released and corporate performance slowly increased. 2022q1 achieved revenues of $1.917 billion, an increase of 9.77 per cent compared to 9.77 per cent, a net return to the mother of $250 million, an increase of 13.04 per cent compared to 13.04 per cent. pcb performance was relatively stable, and board operations remained the main growth point.
Business communications market boards continued to be the main growth point in corporate performance, with a revenue of $4.82 billion in 2021 and a capr of 13.52 per cent in 2017-2021, with steady medium-to-medium performance and further improvements in automobile intelligence as servers were upgraded and idc was built at a high speed.
The company’s three rates have been falling and the product’s Māori ratio has remained high. In 2017, the company’s three fees were 10.96 per cent of the revenue rate.
Figure 7: Corporate three-fee-control capabilities that highlight the sustainability of corporate development Figure 8: Business Māori is stable and the overall equity structure of 1.3 is fragmented, and equity incentives highlight corporate development confidence
In addition, the real management of the company is more stable and experienced, and the company's chairman is the director of the company.
Wu has been taking root in the electronics industry since the company was founded in 1992, and many of its managers have had more than a few decades of experience in the print circuit board industry. Equity incentives to bind core staff.
Six meetings and the company’s general stock meeting in 2017, among other things, led to the company’s restrictive equity incentive scheme, which in 2018 awarded a total of 44.9609 million shares in two instalments to 418 incentive recipients. In 2019, the company awarded 6 million restricted shares to 134 incentive recipients.
The Twentieth Meeting of the Sixth Board of Directors, the Seventeenth Meeting of the Sixth Supervisory Board, and the company ' s second year in 2020 were awarded a total of 29.992 million stock options.
2.1.pcb industry continues to grow in size, China becomes a global leader player printing circuit boards (printedcircuitboard, pcb) which are the basis for the assembly of electronic parts and are designed to connect between points on the common base and to print parts.
To connect the various electronic zero components to the intended circuits and to act as relay transmissions, is the key electronic interconnectivity of electronics, known as the "mother of electronics" .pcb not only provides electrical connection to electronic components, but also carries operational functions such as digital electronic equipment and analogue signal transmission, power supply and radio frequency microwave signal launch and reception.
The pcb sector is located in the middle of the industrial chain, with several areas downstream. The pcb sector has a long industrial chain, with pcb going up, mainly in raw materials such as bronze, copper sheeting, bobbles, resins, and downstream, mainly in electronic consumer products.
Products, automobiles, communications, aerospace, etc.. Currently pcb is more dependent on the upstream industry, especially ccl. ccl is a product that combines fabrics and copper with epoxy resins, is a direct raw material for pcb, and is made of printed circuit boards after etching, plating, multi-layer pressure.
The development of the pcb industry has a significant traction and drive, and the changes in demand directly determine the future development of the pcb industry, with communications equipment, data centre infrastructure, motor electronics being the core application area.
The cardboards, 32 per cent, are the largest; the computer industry and consumer electronics, 24 per cent and 15 per cent; and automobile electronics, 10 per cent. Market size is growing steadily. With downstream growth in 5g communications, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, etc., global and global and
China became the center of the pcb industry. According to the cinnoresearch data, global pcb 100 firms were concentrated in Asia in 2016-2021, and the market size of Chinese firms in 2021 was about 63%, an increase of about 2.7 percentage points from the previous year.
As the transfer of the pcb industry deepens, the share of our pcb output will increase further. China’s firm, pcb, has significantly increased its competitive power, and China has become a global producer of pcb pcb, with lower concentration of industries and more competitive markets.
Cr10 is 36.22%, with Taiwan occupying five seats in the global pcb manufacturer Top10. In 2020, China ' s pcb market stood at 50.7%, with the top 10 major producers being subsidiaries established in mainland China, mainly in Taiwan, Japan, and the leading pcb enterprise. Overall, the pcb sector has a low concentration of markets and a large number of players.
Competition is intense. Due to the high technical requirements of production in the pcb sector, the high financial barriers, and the relative stickyness of households, the high entry barriers, the multiplicity of customer, financial and other advantages associated with the dominance of the industry’s head firms, the benefits of market demand for technological upgrading, capacity expansion, acquisitions and mergers, etc., and the benefits of increasing industry concentration.
Promote a dynamic industry and a slow concentration of competition patterns in the future. 2.2 Communications board: 5g and idc construction accelerates, resulting in an increase in pcb business in 2.2.15g: construction progresses continuously, with a steady medium-term improvement.
The high frequency/high-speed board demand for high-speed transmission of signals has increased significantly. As 5g is applied to eco-training and expansion, 5g is bound to become the biggest driver of network infrastructure, and as more information data are created and moved to more and more places at a higher rate, the growth of value in the corporate communications market is driven by the growth of values in the field of communication.
There will also be a gradual migration from the 5g wireless side to the side of the network equipment, with a new generation of routers, switches, servers, etc., which will generate a strong demand for high-frequency high-speed pcb products and place higher demands on their technical level and quality.
The total number of mobile base stations was 1,035,000 by the end of June, a net increase of 387,000 by the end of the previous year. Of these, the total number of 5g base stations was 1,854,000, or 17.9 per cent of the total number of mobile base stations.
This compares with a 3.6 percentage point increase at the end of the previous year, with the construction of 5 g base stations in January-June, with 429,000 new ones. With steady progress in building the base stations, the company base stations are expected to perform well. In the base stations, pcb is used mainly in bbu (backboards, singleboards), rru under the antenna and aau under 5g.
Massivemimo large antenna arrays, fpga chips, light modules, radio frequency components and power systems will be integrated into high-speed, high-frequency pcbboards. 5g base station construction has steadily advanced for the company base station communication pcb, which officially began construction of 5g with the issuance of 5g license plates in June, and capital expenditure has continued to be added, with a marked increase in investment in 5g.
A total of approximately 87.9 billion yuan is invested in 5g a year and approximately 76.9 billion yuan is invested in 5g from 2019-2021. Operators’ capital expenditures directly drive the sale of primary equipment, transmission network equipment, and upstream components, which will have a direct impact on the economy.
Figure 18: Three major operators have continued to add capital spending to the data centre by 2.2.2: the market volume price is up, the communications pcb industry is developing to meet new opportunities. The data centre will generate a strong demand for pcb products. In 2022, the country officially launched the East-West Account.
As cloud computing, big data, super-clear video, artificial intelligence, 5g industry applications rapidly increase the demand for computing, data interaction, and demand for power and bandwidth is becoming more pressing, and servers are being promoted.
A new generation of devices such as routers, switches, servers, etc. will create a strong demand for high-frequency high-speed pcb products and place higher demands on their technical level and quality. Global data centres continue to grow in size.
The model reached $76.56 billion, an increase of 13.5 per cent over the same period, which is more than twice the increase in the gdp over the same period, and revenue from the non-ball server market is expected to grow by 17 per cent over the same period, to $111.7 billion, which is expected to contribute to steady growth in the size of the centre over the next few years.
Our cloud computing market continues to grow at a high rate, further stimulating upstream demand. According to data from the Internet, China’s cloud computing market reached $233.06 billion in 2021, influenced by policies such as new capital construction, and increased demand for a digital transformation of enterprises, and continued growth in the demand for cloud computing services will accelerate China’s cloud computing market.
Development is expected to reach 29,834 million yuan in 2022. Moreover, according to the Institute of Information and Communications Technology, in 2021 the China Cloud Plan was in an overall fast-growing phase, with a market size of 32,2.9 billion yuan, an increase of 54.4 per cent over the same period, of which public clouds grew by between 70.8 and 2181 billion yuan, and are expected to become the main engine of future growth in China’s cloud computing markets.
Server platform upgrades, requiring pcb floors to be increased and performance to be enhanced. According to Intel and amd bulletins, Intel and amd have announced that they will apply pcie5.0 to the next generation of server processors to meet the demand for ultra-high bandwidth for the ai and cloud applications, and Intel will release the whitley and eaglestream platforms in 2020-2023, and at the end of the year.
In 2020-2021, with the release of Milan, Genoa products, all aspects of the requirements of the new product ' s key components will change significantly, triggering a strong demand for high-frequency high-speed pcb products. The pcb board, as the server ' s key widget, needs to be enhanced to accommodate server upgrades: 1) higher layers.
Up; 2) transmission rate increases, with server platform transmission rate doubling per upgraded generation; 3) high-frequency high-speed work, requiring pcb panels to use verylowlos or ultralowlos grade copper plate material: 4), with dk values down to 3.3-3.6 as follows.
2.3 Automotive board: Smart + Web connection, driving the pull-up-pcb demand Automotive intelligence and web connection-pucb demand. The auto industry is experiencing a number of destabilizing trends, such as electrification, intelligence and web connection, and as more and more electronic technologies are applied to auto systems, automobile electrons are being modified.
The share of vehicle manufacturing costs is increasing, car electronics has become an important indicator of modern car levels, and the requirements for motor board performance and reliability are increasing, and there are infinite opportunities in the evolution of the automobile board industry, with the pcb ratio per vehicle continuing to grow.
2.3.1 Intelligentity: Autopilot + multiscreened good pcb industry development
Seventy-eight.24 billion yuan, amounting to 122 investments, and the attention of unmanned technology companies to capital. The wider use of unmanned vehicles, driven by multidimensional factors such as policy, technological development, and social needs, has led to a sustained increase in demand for self-driving services.
Figure 24: Financing of unmanned motor vehicle industry continues to grow, Figure 23: Unmanned vehicle markets are expanding, and trends in the multiscreening of smart cars will drive demand for pcb.
, which supports screen communications, data transmission, touch displays, etc. As a car smart module develops, the average number of screens per vehicle will increase, driving the demand for pcb to increase. The average number of screens for new models is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future, with a forecast for 2019-2025 based on the SAT data.
2.3.2 Networking: Communications module demand drives the pcb market boom, and we have high-speed car connectivity. In the overall trend of car connectivity, domestic market penetration is now higher than global penetration.
China’s car network market is expected to be 27.7 billion yuan in 2022, at a 30% increase over the same period. According to the ECU’s projections, the country’s car network penetration will further widen the gap between the average penetration rate of the global car network industry and the domestic car network industry by 2025.
Figure 26: At present, the country is at the stage of the development of the 5g+car-networked industry t-box demand in the network is driven by the demand for pcb. t-box, also known as the tcu (Car-network control module), is an important means of supporting functions such as data collection, data transmission, etc., to connect the car to the network.
t-box contains a variety of electronic components: wifi modules, radio frequency senses, power senses, transistors, ceramic separators, thermal resistance, batteries, etc., which require pcb connections to be supported, so pcb is indispensable in t-box. The t-box market is as t-box as smart network vehicle penetration accelerates.
According to the China Air Association, the global market for t-box was about 26 billion yuan in 2020, and is expected to reach 70.5 billion yuan by 2025.
Copper and epoxy resins are the primary raw materials for pcb products. The pcb cost component is a major cost for pcb, accounting for around 30%, and the cost fluctuations affect pcb prices. Moreover, manufacturing costs and labour costs are the second highest, at about 40%. In the cost composition of the caps, copper, fabric and resins are the most important.
Raw materials, with a total share of more than 80 per cent of the three main materials, with copper having the highest share of about 42.10 per cent, followed by resin, with a share of 26.10 per cent.
epoxy resins are important raw materials for pcb, mainly as glues, layer pressure materials, and so on. Our epoxy resins are mainly dependent on imports and are highly influenced by fluctuations in international crude oil prices. The price increase for epoxy resins in 2021 was mainly due to international crude oil prices.
The price of epoxy amounted to a historic high of $37,400 per tonne on September 23, 21 and began to show a steady downward trend after October 21 for downstream pcb producers.
Copper as the most pcb-based raw material, the decline in copper prices has eased the pressure on producers ' performance. For 22 years, international copper prices have begun to show a downward trend, changing the dilemma of maintaining high levels for 21 years, allowing pcb manufacturers to lower the price of raw materials.
3.1 Industry barriers are high, companies have a leading role in building the pcb sector, which has a large number of barriers. The pcb sector has multiple barriers: (1) financial and technical barriers: pcb is a complex market segment, and can be broken down according to different criteria.
High-end pcb requires high-end technical stability. Production enterprises must have a stronger financial strength and a higher level of technical skills, and products often undergo longer customer certification processes, combined with different production arrangements for different types of products, while the value of the equipment produced is higher and the general situation is difficult to resell and therefore barriers to entry and exit are relatively high.
High. (2) Environmentally sound: Environmental requirements are becoming more stringent at home and abroad, and standards and indicators for pcb products are increasing, leading to higher production costs paid by firms, higher entry thresholds, and forced weak firms to quit. (3) Industry certification barriers: International safety certification is often the safety of electronic components.
Certificates are more complex than safety certifications for the whole machine, longer certification cycles, and more expensive certifications. The more basic the material, the higher the certification requirements.
Backboard production lines, etc.; plate number certification. So it usually takes two to three years to meet customer requirements for plant environmental protection, product quality and stability and to place orders, and only powerful and technologically advanced pcb companies have the ability and financial means to pass through client certification and successfully obtain orders, which is an obstacle for new entrants.
Research and development personnel and R & D investment have steadily increased, building protected rivers for corporate products. 2022q1, the company's total R & D investment. In 2021, the company invested about $411 million in R & D, obtaining 10 patents for inventions and 8 new, practical and specialized benefits.
The development of products, new processes, new projects, and the successful development and import of new and additional products. Figure 34: The number of company developers in 2021 reached 992. Multi-product consolidation of corporate advantages. Sub-generational servers in the areas of communications, high-speed network equipment, data centres, etc.
Platform print circuit boards have entered the client sample sampling phase; high-level data centre switch printing circuit boards for 400g switches have been produced in bulk, pre800g switch products have been technically tested and produced in small batches, and 800g switch products based on 112g exchange chips are being developed and tested; high-speed interposer
The hdi product has entered the sample sample phase of the client, and the hdi product is being developed and tested. In the automotive subsector, the company collaborates with the client in the depth of the new energy car 3 system, autopilots, smart cabins, car connections, research and development of key technologies, deep participation in client pre-design and validation, and invests more resources.
Assessment and development of the reliability of vehicle high-level hdi and Anylayer technologies. In terms of specific products, products for 4d vehicle-mounted radars, autopilot domain controllers, smart space controllers, vehicle-mounted gateways, etc. are 3.2 depth-bound downstream customers, and client resources are stable and of high quality
Industry customers are more sticky and customers are less willing to change their suppliers. Because of the customized characteristics of the pcb product, certification by large customers requires several steps such as product certification, plant review, small batch test products, large volume test products, etc., usually takes more than 2-3 years to accumulate.
Companies are deeply tied downstream to high-quality customers, focused on customer relationships, and client structures are being optimized.
As a result of these initiatives, companies have established strong business links with major domestic and foreign clients in the main product area of pcb, receiving on several occasions such awards as the Best Quality Performance Award, the Best Partner Vendor and the Gold Card Vendor.
Figure 35: The top five customers of the power plant, in 2020, were able to optimize production, with several major plants operating in their respective sectors. The main production plants for the electricity sector were Xi Li Wei, Yellowstone I, Yellowstone II and Green Shirts.
High-end motor panels are the main business of the plant. Yellowstone is the main business of the company's telecommunications market board. In the future, the company will speed up the transfer of pcb products below the 16th floor of the plant and pcb products of low- and medium-level cars in the plant. Yellowstone is the main product of the plant, which has a car plate and a car line;
The company expects to expand 20% of the capacity of the Yellowstone I and Yellowstone II plants in 2022, and design the capacity to eventually achieve 3 million square metres of annual capacity to meet customer demand and to respond to price competition. The transfer of capacity to the Yellowstone plant is accompanied by a priority for the upgrading of the Greenstone plant and Quantico.
On the basis of a thorough research and evaluation of low-cost overseas areas, the resolution invested some $280 million in new production bases in Thailand. In recent years, corporate clients abroad have been generally interested in and strengthened.
With the implementation of a regional risk diversification strategy and the current concentration of corporate capacity in the country, investing in new production bases in Thailand can better tap and respond to the needs of overseas customers and effectively upgrade the size of the company, the competitiveness of the corporate sector, offshore market ownership and the resilience of the company as a whole.
Future companies will continue to be based on the printing of circuit boards, with medium- and high-end corporate communication boards and motor panels as core products, continuing to implement well-established strategies of differentiated product competition, sustained investment in R & D, improving the economies of scale of companies, improving productivity utilization and good quality, relying on technological advantages, higher product quality, shorter turn-over periods, comparison
Low costs and high financial resilience gain competitive advantages, gradually narrowing the gap with top competitors, and further improving the firm’s core competitiveness.
The company, one of the leaders in the pcb industry, has fluctuated over the last two years due to upstream raw material prices, exchange rates, epidemics, etc., but it is still doing well. It is expected that, as the construction of 5g and idc continues, and as automobile intelligence continues to evolve, the price of pcb will increase and the company’s profitability is expected to increase significantly.
Compared to comparable companies, there is a certain valuation advantage. The company, as a high-end pcb leader, is considered to be a technology leader, giving a certain valuation premium.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.