On 18 July 2022, the pcb industry became the leading industry, and the cost reduction is expected to increase at a high rate.
\triangleright \triangleright, in 1992, 30 years in the pcb industry, has been focused on the implementation of the established “focus pcb master, excellence” business strategy, creating a comparative competitive advantage in terms of technology, quality, cost, brand, size, etc.
The company’s core applications for pcb products are communications equipment, data centre infrastructure, auto electrons, supported by industrial equipment, semiconductor chip tests, long-term binding of leading international manufacturers such as China, Naking, Cisco, and mainly production-based plants such as Green Shirts, Yellowstones, Ulrich Microelectrics, etc.
The technological advantage is evident. The price of ccl, the main raw material, rose sharply in 2021, corporate profitability declined, performance was short-lived, ccl went down in 2022, corporate profitability rose, server platform upgrades led the industry up, and companies entered the growth cycle.
\triangleright \triangleright rapid upscaling of computing capabilities and data interaction needs in emerging areas such as computing, big data, super-high-resolution video, forcing the expansion and upgrading of network equipment such as servers, switches, routers, etc., both in Intel and amd
At this level, the unit price has increased by 218.70% over the 8-16 floor pcb. China has officially launched the East and West Count Project, which will set up eight major arithmetic hubs, 10 clusters, and upgrade the Chinese IT industry, and several government departments in Shenzhen City have jointly announced that the priority areas are no less than 20% of the original products, and that the key foundations of the Party's political organs and State-owned enterprises are the following:
The new generation of equipment, such as routers, switches, servers, etc., will generate a strong demand for high-frequency high-speed pcb products. For years, the firm’s deep-farming industry has been a leader in product technology, building on many high-quality customers, such as Hwa, Cisco, and Middle East, and will benefit from server parity in the future.
Automotive intelligence aids pcb products are upgraded, companies are buying and buying the business base. Automotive motors are on the move, and the electronic cost of cars as a whole is on the rise, and is expected to reach 50% by 2030.
The demand for pcb as a base element is increasing. Automotive intelligence requirements for motor board performance and reliability are also increasing, and the traditional six-storey interior-based motor panels are gradually being upgraded in the direction of multiple layers, high-hdi, high-frequency high-speed, etc., to meet the needs of intelligent driving, smart cabins, car networking, power system electrification, etc.
The company has long seen the future of the board of cars, with a modest expansion of the car board capacity to meet customer demand. The company plans to develop high-grade car hdi products to maintain and expand its competitive advantage. The company’s customers cover Eurodire1 and other Europeans such as Boshi and the mainland, as well as participating in the pre-vision p2pack.
The company focuses on the areas of communications and automobiles, the upgrade of the beneficiary server platform and the motor smart drive, and the company’s performance is expected to rise to a new round of growth, covering for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
Three decades of deep-deep farming, leading the pcb industry, 1.1 excellence, continued expansion of production capacity.
Since its inception in 1992, the company has been focusing on the implementation of the established “focus pcb master, excellence” business strategy, and after years of development and long-term accumulation, the company has developed a comparative competitive advantage in terms of technology, quality, cost, brand, size, etc.
The company is one of the major brands in the pcb industry. For many years in a row, the company has been selected as a pcb-strong company by industry associations and research institutions such as the Chinese Printing and Circuit Industry Association (cpca), Prismark, n.t.Information, etc.
Corporate product coverage is mainly in the areas of communications, data centres, automobiles and consumer electronics. The company ' s main clients include leading international manufacturers such as Huaiang, Naking, Ericsson, Nokia, Cisco, Motorola, Microsoft, Meta, Biadi, Tesla and the mainland.
Figure 1: The company’s main customers, the company’s main producers of Xuantium, the Yellowstone I plant, the Yellowstone II plant and the Green Shirts factory. The main operations of Quantico are high-end motor panels, designed to produce 1.5 million m2/year; the Yellowstone I plant is primarily business.
The company will accelerate the transfer of pcb products below 16 floors and pcb products of low- and medium-level vehicles from the green mill. The main product of Yellowstone 2 is a car plate with a car line with a design capacity of 750,000 square metres/year.
The company expects to expand 20% of the capacity of the Yellowstone I plant and the Yellowstone II plant in 2022, and design the capacity to eventually achieve 3 million square metres of annual capacity to meet customers’ needs and to respond to price competition. The transfer of production capacity to the Yellowstone plant is accompanied by a priority for the production of green-pit plants and platinum microelectric power.
Upgrading by upgrading the bottleneck system. 1.2 Horizontal M & A acquisitions of power shares, such as tigers, were established in 1992, opened operations in the field of telecommunications in 1997, and in 2002
In early 2022, the company invested in the video and further improved the layout of the car pcb industry. The company's deep-drawn printed circuit board industry.
In 30 years, the focus on pcb production and development has created advantages in terms of technology, quality, cost, scale, 1.3 employee ownership plans to enhance cohesion, and as of July 2022, the stock of the total stock in the power supply was 1,896.66 million shares, with the Wu Reyuan family actually working for the company.
The main major shareholders in the stockholding are the Elephant Group, the Hong Kong Central Clearinghouse, and the State-Thai Smart Automobile Fund.
In July 2018, the first phase of the E.T.S.S.S.S.S.S.A. was awarded to a total of 501 directors and middle and senior management of the company 52 million shares in restricted shares, and a total of 30 million stock options were granted to 628 directors, senior managers and cadres of the company ' s head of stock at the time of the announcement of the Incentives.
1.4 Communications are mainly downstream, automobile operations are steadily rising, material prices are rising significantly and chips supply is strained, and Central American trade frictions and renminbi appreciations are on the rise. 2022q1 companies have actually received $1.917 billion, an increase of 6.77 per cent and a decline of 4.48 per cent in the ring.
The supply of the ball chip was inadequate and the demand for the communications market weakened, with a decrease of about 65.01 per cent of the total revenue, with cars becoming the focus area of the company as a result of the electronic intelligence of the car, which accounted for more than 17 per cent of the company ' s total revenue in 2017-2021.
The success of new applications, such as Internet equipment and high-speed computer centres, has further reduced the Māori rate to 25.95% in the communications market. The primary product of pcb is increasingly competitive, leading to higher prices for raw materials and lower corporate profitability.
Figure 6: Sub-products Māori net profit, 2021, influenced by a new coronary pneumonia epidemic, a sharp increase in raw material prices and a strain on chip supply, net corporate returns were $1,064 million, a decline of 20.80 per cent in the year, and net interest rates were lower in the year.
The main function of pcb is to connect the various electronic zero components to the intended circuits and to act as a relay transmission.
It's a key electronic interconnectivity for electronics, known as the "mother of electronics" . The pcb manufacturing industry is dominated by raw materials such as bronze, bronze slabs, fabrics, resins, etc. The downstream sector is dominated by electronic consumer products, cars, communications, aerospace, etc. The production of circuit boards has a long industrial chain, with special wooden paper, electricity, etc.
Subclass fibreglass fabrics, electrolytic copper beryllium, ccl (release board) and pcb (printing circuit boards) are closely connected, mouth-to-mouth downstream products in the industrial chain. Pcb is an indispensable electrical pcb downstream application in modern electronic information products, with digital + car-led growth.
The need for information processing has gradually increased the use of and markets for pcb products. According to the Prismark number, the smart machine is the largest downstream application of pcb, with market size of $13.980 billion in 2020 and $16.25 billion in 2021, an increase of 14.63 per cent over the same period, with a projected compound increase in 2021-2026 on average.
5.7 per cent), wireless infrastructure (cagr 5.6 per cent), cable infrastructure (cagr 5.3 per cent) and other consumer electronics (cagr 4.9 per cent) are all higher than the overall growth in pcb.
Figure 10: Global pcb application capr 2.2 cost down-track, pcb performance repair in the sense that the main cost of pcb is the coating, and cost fluctuations affect pcb prices.
The cost composition of pcb is about 30% of the total cost of pcb, followed by manufacturing costs and labour costs, which are 20% of the total cost of pcb, 9% of the cost of bronze, 6% of the copper ball and 3% of the cost of photo-engine, respectively. In the manufacture of caps, copper beams, fabrics and resins are the most important raw materials, the three main ingredients.
The total share of materials is over 80%, with copper having the highest ratio of about 40%, followed by resins and fibrecloths, with 26.1%, 19.1%, and the cost of fabrics increasing in thick copper sheets. Copper is an essential raw material for pcb, and is also one of the most important.
Copper prices have shown an overall upward trend since 2019, from $4626.5 per ton on 23 March 2020 to $10720 per ton on 10 May 2021, an increase of $6093.5 per ton in the pcb industry, which is more affected by fluctuations in raw materials prices, and the cost of raw materials when copper prices rise
Increased, leading to lower levels of profitability and pressure on pcb. Copper prices have declined since 2022q1, pcb costs have decreased and profit levels have recovered. epoxy resin is the main raw material for the coating, mainly as a glue, in the cost structure of the sheet.
According to mainstream prices of epoxy resin in the East China market, epoxy expectations have declined further since October 2021. Prices of raw materials have fallen, pcb costs have decreased and profitability has recovered.
3.1 Overseas tap-and-code servers, the digital base of East and West Counts, are nodes of the network, mainly for storing and processing over 80% of data and information on the network, also known as the web soul. Servers are more demanding in performance than personal computers, and they have a high-performance owner.
It's about computing and data processing, stability, reliability, safety, outreach, and management. The epidemic has affected people by the transition to learning and office on the line, stimulating the transition of the sub-line economy to the online economy, driving the growing demand for servers, the continuing demand for servers, and the structural upgrading that will drive the process.
A server industry entered the upper cycle. 9.56 million shipments were made annually, 12.89 million in 2021 and 6.16 per cent in 2016-2021. According to idc, the global server market grew steadily from 2018 to 2024.
The size of the market for global servers is $88 billion, and is expected to reach $116 billion by 2024, compared to 4.72% in 2018-2024. Overseas cloud computing mega-capital spending has been rising, driving the cloud computing industry to a higher level.
The rapid rise of artificial intelligence technology, the network of things, has placed higher demands on computing, storage, network capacity and security, and has given rise to the development of the cloud computing industry, providing technical support for the realization of the intelligent world and becoming an essential part of it. According to financial data from cloud computing giants, facebooks, Microsoft, valleys, etc.
Despite fluctuations in quarterly capital spending in Google and Amazon, the overall upward trend will drive the cloud to calculate the industry landscape. Figure 17: Facebook capital spending and acceleration (in millions of United States dollars)
Businesses, rising harvests since 2021q3 mean that the server industry is up and running. Shinyo’s billion new tiles, 52.79% higher than the same year, highlight the current server’s high profile. In 2022, China officially launched the “East Count West” project.
The country has agreed to start building a national computing hub nodes for 8 countries in Kyoto Wings, Long Triangles, Hong Kong Australasia, Chengjing, Naymong Gu, Guizhou, Gansu, Ningxia, and 10 countries in total.
According to the central cluster, large and super-large data centres are built within each cluster. Eight computing hubs are used to better guide the intensification, scale, greening of data centres and the effective transfer of data centre-related industries from east to west.
The market size of the server pcb. The market size of the server is increasing as a result of an increase in the volume of goods delivered by the server and the high industry climate-driven increase in the market size of the server pcb. The market size of the server will continue to grow as an electronic base element.
Annually, $6,665 million will be achieved, with an average annual compound increase of about 4.41 per cent for 2020-2024. 3.2 Servers pcb require a high level of demand, pcie upgrades provide a full new opportunity. Servers pcb products are dominated by 6 floors and 8-16 floors, and platform upgrades have led to an increase in the number of pcb layers.
The main parts of the server ' s interior that involve pcb boards include power backboards, webcards, master boards, hard disk backboards, rister cards, etc., and the features of the server ' s pcb boards are found in the number of tops, high density and high transmission speeds. The pcb panels used are predominantly 6 floors of the server/storage pcb type, which account for about 24% of the total, followed by 8-16 floors.
The number of pcb layers is increasing, and when the server platform is upgraded to pcie 5.0, the number of pcb layers is required to be above 18. If not, the ratio of pcb levels 18 and above will be further expanded.
Server platforms are demanding more and more transmission speeds, and more and more requirements for server pcb layers. The higher the pcb layer number, the more flexible the design is, the more resistant it can be to circuits and the higher the speed of transmission between chips. The pcie 3.0 interface has a signal transmission rate of 8 gbps, corresponding to the server pcb
The plate is 8-12 floors; the current popular pcie 4.0 interface has a transfer rate of 16 gbps, using a server pcb layer of 12-16 floors; the server platform will be upgraded to pcie 5.0 floors with 36 gbps, pcb layers above 18. Intel and amd next generation will roll eagle and
zen4 platform, which supports pcle 5.0 platform, with rapid release of pcb over 18 floors. Server platform upgrades drive price increases for pcb and boost the market size of pcb. Server platform is transitioning from pcie 4.0 to pcie 5.0, and pcb floors are also increasing from 12 to 16 floors to 18-24, according to
Prismark data show that the average price of the 8-16 floor pcb sheet is $460 per square metre, while the average price of pcb above 18 floors is $1466 per square metre, with a difference of $106 per square metre and an increase of 218.70 per cent, which will further expand the market size of pcb.
3.3 Corporate operations: short-term telecommunications pressure, server start-up, company communications market boards are the main pcb product of the company's share in power, mainly the production base of the Quantium plant and the Yellowstone I plant. According to Chinese Ministry of Information data and our projections, China's 5g base station has been built as a result of the slowdown in construction of the 5g base station.
From 641.0 million in 2020 to 50.00 million in 2025, the pace of growth has also entered the market of 5g in 2020, with large-scale investments leading to the release of productive capacity and increased competition in the market and prices for pcb products related to the application area of 5g stations, leading to company operations related to pcb products related to the application area of 5g stations in 2021
Income decreased by $569 million in the same year, 37.15 per cent in the same year, and the Māori rate by 9.26 pct in the same year.c Corresponding to this, the potential demand for company high-speed network equipment and data centre-related pcb products is high, but due to a global shortage of chips, supply constraints for specific components and geo-regional risk profiles imposed by overseas clients
Dispersal strategy, the demand for pcb products in applications such as company high-speed data network equipment and data centres in 2021, influenced by these factors, recorded $4,823 million in corporate communications market boards in 2021, a sharper decline than in the same year, and a corresponding decline in the Māori ratio of 2.89 pct in 2021, mainly due to the exposure of pcb products to copper from major raw materials.
The pcb sector has experienced a sharp rise in prices, which has led to a sharp decline in the Maori rate. Corporations are technologically ahead and have reached international levels. According to the share-in-equity statement, companies were well advanced in 2010 than domestic technology and met international technical standards.
Levels; the Hdi top layer can be up to 24, exceeding the national average of 12-16; and the thick copper top can be up to 120 z, exceeding the national average of 3-50 z. After many years of development, companies have led their products to the same product and to a national leader through process improvement and technological innovation.
There is a clear trend towards electric intelligence in 4 cars, opening up company growth caps for 4.1 new energy cars, increasing the penetration rate of new energy vehicles, and China becoming the main market for new energy vehicles.
China’s share of new energy vehicles in total global sales is high, accounting for about 30% of total global sales. According to the FMC, China’s new energy vehicles were 56.07% sold in 2017, and China’s new energy vehicles are expected to account for about 50% of the global total in 2022.
New-energy automobile sales are increasing, driving the growing size of the automobile electronics market. According tostatista, the global automobile electronics market was $217.86 billion in 2020 and is projected to reach $40.270 billion by 2028, with an annual compound growth rate of about 7.9 per cent.
High, sensor technology applications are increasing, and the share of automobile electrons is increasing, driving the demand for pcb. According to the data of the Statesta, the electronic cost of automobiles accounted for 30 per cent of the total cost of cars in 2010, 35 per cent in 2020 and is expected to reach 50 per cent in 2030.
4.2 Electrodynamicity: New energy surges, pcb demand surges, pcb needs are supported by electronic components, and car e-occupancy lifts the need for car pcb. In car pcb applications, pcb is mainly used for motor control, auxiliary driving, vehicle communications, etc.
The use of car pcb enhances the efficiency and security of led lamps, transmission tank controls and control units. pcb is also used to control and manage components such as engines, entertainment systems, digital monitors, radars, gps, etc. Automotive, intelligent, light-quantified trends in the market have increased the demand for car pcb.
According to data on the sale of cars by the China-China Association and the Federation, global sales of conventional fuel vehicles in 2020 amounted to 77.940 million vehicles with a single pcb value of about $400, new energy vehicles worth about 32.4.6 million vehicles with a single pcb value of about $3,000 and a global vehicle pcb market of about 40.900 billion yuan in 2020; projected for 2025
Global sales of conventional fuel vehicles are estimated at 71.83 million and new energy vehicles are estimated at 25.24 million, and the global market for vehicles pcb is expected to be about $10.455 billion in 2026 and cagr is estimated to be 20.63 per cent in 2021-2026.
The ratio rose from 3.76% to 11.42% in 2019, and is expected to rise to pcb in 2024 to prismark. The Institute of Human Security has a multi-story car pcb, which accounts for about 46.56%.
The ratio is 26.93 per cent, 25.7 per cent, 17.37 per cent and 3.49 per cent, respectively, for single, double panels, 4 floors, 6 floors, and 8-16 floors. Multilayers are the main pcb product for automobile electronic applications, with a combined share of about 46.56 per cent. hdi, fpc, ic board, 9.56 per cent, 14.57 per cent and 2.38 per cent, respectively, together, account for 27 per cent.
According to data from the pcb Net City, the value of the traditional car pcb is $400 and the price of the high car pcb is $800; the electric motor drive pcb is used mainly for mcu, bms, vcu, etc., and the value increase is $2,000; and the penetration rate of the adas is increasing, driving the car towards the intelligent sector.
The number of sensors, such as laser radars, millimetre wave radars, cameras, etc., is increasing, resulting in an increase in value of 550 yuan; a slight quantitative trend is evident, with the bms soft board becoming the new energy vehicle model, bringing an increase in value of 500 dollars per vehicle pcb. On balance, the pcb of the new energy vehicle can be worth up to about 3,000 yuan.
In the area of traditional cars, pcb is widely used for airbag components, switch control components, control components, vehicle lamps, control components, radars, electronic dashboards, navigation systems, skylight control components, relays, seat control components, etc.
In recent years, there has been a growing trend towards car electrification, electronicization, and demand for pcb. According to research studies, the difference between new energy and traditional vehicles is mainly in power systems, such as inverters, dc-dc, etc.
Equipment such as vehicle chargers, power management systems, electrical controllers, etc. need to be used at pcb to directly generate a large number of car pcb board requirements. For example, Teslamodel3, the total value of pcb exceeds $2,500, which is 6.25 times that of a general fuel truck.
4.3 Intelligentity: adas build-up, high-frequency demand, cars move towards intelligence, adas pick-up rate rises. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, 50% of the year, then slides down and is expected to drop to 15% in 2040, while the l3 penetration rate continues to rise.
As intelligent driving levels rise, there is an increasing demand for vehicle-borne sensors such as laser radar, millimetre wave radar, which, according to yole data, includes 4 ultrasound radars, 1 long sensor rises to 29 sensors, 1 4 sensors is 29, and 1 5 requires 32 sensors.
The number of sensors is increasing and the number of sensors is increasing, and the value of single-car pcb is expected to rise. Figure 41: The number of single-car sensors (one) in 2020 varies from one type to another.
8 cameras, 1 millimetre wave radar and 12 ultrasound sensors with a pcb value in the range of $536-1364, representing 21.4%-54.6% of the total value of the car pcb. In smart pilot devices, laser radar pcb layers are higher than the pcb layers of other parts of the vehicle.
According to the Happiness Note, automatically driven laser radars require high speed pcb boards on the 12th floor, while other parts of cars are mostly pcbs on the 4th to 8th floor, which are printed circuit boards made of high-speed materials pressurized by multi-storey guidance graphics and low-medication electrical losses, with a high degree of signal integrity and power integrity design.
Laser radars are more valuable than other components. As the volume of new power cars increases and the number of single-car laser radars on board increases, the total number of laser radars on board rises.
The number of field shipments is 200,000, with an estimated 3.4 million by 2025 and an average annual compound increase of 76.23 per cent by 2020-2025. The increasing number of lasers on board has led to a gradual expansion of the laser radar market. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the global laser radar market was 1 billion by 2020.
Laser radar loads continue to climb, leading to an expanding market in pcb, creating a new incremental market. Moreover, the frequency of the smart pilot's millimetre wave radar is mainly 24 ghz and 77 ghz bands, with a much higher frequency than the normal circuit use scene, so a stable high performance pcb antenna is needed to deliver and deliver.
The reception function also requires pcb antenna materials to have low-deficit properties and to continue to have good medium constant tolerance changes in the condition of the vehicle ' s environmental change, so millimetre wave radars are generally used with high frequency pcb, while HF pcb has a unit price of several times the normal pcb. According to Aquaminohua data, China ' s 2020 millimetre Wave Radar pack
The number of vehicles is estimated at 8.19 million, and the number is expected to reach 31.25 million by 2025, with a higher share of millimetre wave radar pcb in 2020-2025 and a single-car pcb value of $60. According to Thai technology, pcb accounts for 16% of the cost of millimetre wave radar.
The value of the wave radar is about US$ 50 and the value of the pcb is about US$ 8. The volume of the vehicle vehicle single vehicle millimetre wave radar of class 1-3 is carried by six short-range millimetre millimetre millimetre millimetre millimetre radars and two long-range millimetre millimetre millimetre millimetre radars, and the value of the vehicle millimetre cyb radar pcb is about US$ 60.
Billion, 2016-2022, 7.64% cagr. Currently, fpc is widely used in the bms connection program, fpc, a single-car power cell with a value of $400-600. With the widespread use of new technologies such as 5g, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence, car networking, intelligent traffic, no one.
The emergence of new applications, such as driving, has contributed to the progressive intellectual development of the automobile industry and to the increasing use of fpc, which is expected to be more than 100 pieces of fpc in the future, with a larger 4.4 company business: high growth of motor panels, and acquisition of technology leading.
In the area of automobiles, the main production plant is the Yellowstone I plant, which has a car board line. In 2017-2021, the company’s carboard harvest was 1,128 million yuan, 1,282 million yuan and 1,328 million dollars at a lower rate, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, the instability of the supply chain and the low demand in the market, which led to the shutdown of the plant.
In 2021, the global volume of electric cars was increasing, multiple destabilizing trends such as Electrification, intelligentization and network connectivity were added, car electronics were increasing in the cost of manufacturing the entire vehicle, and the traditional six-storey-based motor panels were gradually upgraded to multiple layers, high-level hdi, high-frequency high-speed, etc. to meet the requirements of intelligent driving, intelligent seating, etc.
So, Yellowstone's auto plate production was released quickly, reaching $1.682 billion in 2021, an increase of 26.54 per cent. Against a backdrop of rising prices for copper, the company's product structure continued to be optimized, with $429 million in 2021, the same figure.
The company successfully developed the bsg control year in 2020 with a direct stake of about 12.82% and indirectly 17.21% through Schweizer.
. Victory is the production base for the schweizer embedded power chip encapsulation technology, pcb using p2pack technology can be applied to hybrid power, pure electric vehicle-driven systems, p2pack technology with optimal heat transfer routes between the chip and pcb, reduced heat resistance to the system, increased system power density and dispersion.
Heat efficiency, effective reduction of parasitic sense, enhanced blast-through performance, improved interchip electromagnetic interference, reduced system size, reduced system cost, enhanced system integration, enhanced system reliability, and further technological upgrading of motor panels.
In 2022, major global chip manufacturers will increase their production and supply of car-grade chips, the problem of chip deficiencies will be alleviated, while the price of the coatings will fall, and the high cost of the main raw materials will improve. While the public administration will increase the capacity of the Yellowstone 2 carboard, it will also use hdi production in high-level cars.
Production and capacity expansion, high-frequency high-speed material application research for automobiles, high-trust product development and production effectiveness 5.1 Prospective profit scenario split with operations pcb product, primarily communication boards and motor panels
The company’s production delivery was hampered by the first half of the year’s epidemic, and, as later controls eased, the company’s production delivery was accelerated. The company’s communications market board: the construction of 5g was slowed, but the data centre’s industrial landscape was rising and demand was rising.
In addition, Intel and amd announced the use of pcie 5.0 for the next generation of server processors, the upgrade of the server platform, and the prospect of full-scale price increases. Meanwhile, the production capacity of the green mills and the Yellowstone plant continues to climb, and the business communications market boards are expected to develop. We expect a new business communications market camp in 2022-2024.
Automotive plates: A clear trend towards electric intelligence in cars, leading to a new demand for pcb, with the prospect of a full price of pcb, a build-up of car-line capacity at Yellowstone II and a rising company 's motorboard business. In 2022, the outbreak, office and industrial equipment plates: a steady growth of 10% is expected in office and industrial equipment panels.
In 2024, the consumption of electronic panels generated $20 million, $21 million and $22 million in revenue, with a year-on-year increase in cost rates and others: continuous optimized reforms within the company and a gradual decline in management costs; high-end products of the company, with emphasis on technological R & D, increased R & D inputs, and a gradual increase in R & D costs due to interest
The share of electricity is in the printed circuit board manufacturing industry in the electronic parts industry, and is in the vanguard of the industry. We believe that comparable companies with more similar domestic operations are the deep south, the dove and the worldway, and the three.
In 2022-2024, the average value was 21 times, 17 times and 14 times. The current market value of the shares is 2,444 million military goods, the main pcb product is a telecommunications board, a barboard board and a car board, and the demand for downstream market products is strong.
The main pcb product is the communications board, the digital board and the car board, and the company is expected to increase its air temperature from 2022 to 2024, with the upgrade of the server platform expected to lead to a double increase in volume and price; driven by motor motor intelligence, the electronic cost of cars as a proportion of the total cost of the vehicle is increasing, the use of the pcb is increasing, the public is increasing.
The Division’s operations are expected to benefit from this, with greater space for development and a low historical valuation, with the first coverage, giving “pull 1” to the risk of price volatility of raw materials. Raw materials account for more than 50% of the company’s main operating costs, and stability and price trends in the supply of raw materials will affect the stability and profitability of the company’s future production.
2) Downstream demand is less than expected. The company’s main product is a communication board, a barboard board, and a motor panel. The data centre’s recovery of industrial demand is still in its early stages, adding to the global economic downturn, and may be less than expected; the demand for motor panels is related to the volume of new energy cars sold, which, if affected repeatedly by the epidemic, leads to a drop in sales, which makes the company’s revenue less likely.
3. Industry competition increases the risk. The pcb sector is less concentrated, the market is more competitive, Chinese pcb enterprises are gradually shrinking due to such advantages as cost and market, large-scale expansion of industry and environmental protection are becoming more stringent, and companies will be faced with methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, present the present report independently and objectively, and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.