In the case of auto-car parts and spare parts iii, it was reported that the “internationalization + zero” double-wheel drive percentage point. Of this, 2q earned $34,392 million, an increase of 16.18 per cent over the same period; and net return to the mother was achieved.
From: (1) "Internationalization" is advancing steadily: long-line interiors deepen public, universal and other forms of cooperation abroad, operations such as aggregates and electronic appliances seize the opportunity of rising consumption and self-empowerment and maintain a higher rate of growth than industry; new energy-driven systems are developing in tandem with smart drivers and autonomous brands.
In the first half of 17 years, companies collected $44,869 million, an increase of 8.72 per cent. The company’s innerware business already held a high market share in the country, with a wide and well-structured customer coverage, and is expected to remain the same as the overall sale of cars in the future.
At the same time, overseas, companies have continued to advance their globalization strategy, and 16 years with the restructuring of the global auto interiors business with the United States, Jiangsen (currently 70 per cent of the world’s largest car interior companies, China Domain Holdings), which has been accompanied by Mercedes, BMW, Ford, the general public, and the general public, as their foreign customers continue to grow.
Corporate globalization strategies, in general, open up the growth space of insider companies abroad and further elevate their position in the global market. Active deployment of smart drivers and new energy vehicles, exploring new opportunities for transformation and upgrading.
The development of 24ghz backward wave radar and 77ghz forward millimetre radar products is actively promoted as entry points, and some 24ghz backward millimetre radar products are expected to be supplied in bulk in October. In the area of new energy sources, the company has completed the construction of new research and development and production bases.
Liu Wen-Ting has come into production and is supported by the first-in-a-roll Internet suverx5. The company will continue to go deep and look for new opportunities for industrial transformation and upgrading in the area of smart driving and new energy cars.
In the first half of 17 years, the growth in corporate performance was in line with expectations, mainly from: (i) “internationalization” steadily advancing: deepening cooperation between the public, the general public and others abroad, generating 15.778 billion yuan abroad, an increase of 14.81 per cent over the previous year; and (ii) “zero graduation”, a gradual breakthrough: operations such as functional totals and electronics, seized the opportunity of rising consumption and self-empowerment and maintained a higher level than industry.
Increase speed; new energy-driven systems developed in tandem with intelligent driving and autonomous brands. (i) Business growth has been steady, and interior services have been well advanced overseas. Product breakdowns show operating revenues of $44,869 million, compared to 8.72 per cent, in the first half of 17 years, for interior and external apparel operations;
Figure 3: Business income and combined Māori rates for each company ' s business year Figure 4:1h17 operations as a percentage of Māori by product breakdown
The gross profit split, with a gross profit share of 65.38% of the gross profit of the foreign and domestic adornment business, remains the most significant profit contribution. The gross gross profit margin is 14.22%, with a net interest rate of 6.70%, an increase of 0.33 and a decrease of 0.37 percentage points, respectively, in corporate business development.
To date, Māori rates and net interest rates are expected to remain stable. (ii) Third, the ratio of R&D inputs has stabilized, while the ratio of R&D inputs has declined.
In terms of R & D inputs, the share of corporate R & D costs in operating income was 1.57 per cent in the first half of 17 years, and the share of future R & D inputs is likely to increase as companies continue to invest in new energy sources, intelligent driving, etc. Figure 8: Three rates over the last 12 quarters
During the first half of the seventeenth year, companies collected $44,869 million, or 8.72 per cent, in domestic and external apparel operations.
At the same time, overseas, companies have continued to push for a globalization strategy, and 16 years have seen the restructuring of their own global auto interiors with the United States of America and the establishment of the long-fisted interior companies (currently the largest in the world).
Large auto interiors, 70% of China’s domain holdings), which now have products in place, including Mercedes, BMW, Ford, the general public, and general-purpose companies, are expected to continue to grow at a higher rate as foreign clients continue to expand. Overall, the domestic and foreign two-wheel drive model will help companies to grow steadily in their interiors in the future and to strengthen their corporate leadership in the global market.
(ii) In the area of layout and new energy vehicles, exploring new opportunities for transformation and upgrading Smart driving, the adas project has completed initial R & D and volume preparation, 24ghz back-to-mm and 77ghz forward-mm radar products are being developed on an ongoing basis, and some 24ghz back-to-mm radar products are expected to be achieved in October
In the area of new energy vehicles, the company has completed the construction of new research and development and production bases, and has developed a new generation of high-performance power-driven power plants for new energy vehicles, which are now ready for production and are accompanied by a first-loading of the Internet. As the company continues to expand its deployment in the area of smart driving and new energy vehicles, it is expected that the new products will gradually be produced and delivered to the company.
The rate of increase in automobile sales slowed; foreign clients were not expanding as expected.