The net profit for the three quarters alone increased by 61% over the same period, and the net profit for the car calculation and interactive base was 568 million dollars for the DSEV, a 61% increase over the previous three quarters of 2024.
On the one hand, high growth in stock clients and incremental vehicle-type emissions have contributed to significant performance growth of 2024q3.
At the stock end, the company’s important clients would have preferred cars, Gilly cars, Chirre cars, a crowd of people, the toyota, the Toyota gas, the Toyota toyota sales in 2024q3, respectively, +45 per cent, +16 per cent, +30 per cent, -19 per cent, long, incremental cars, or from ideal, Jili, Hiro, the Great Wall, etc.
In the first half of 2024, the company's smart cabin operations collected $7,965 million, or +27.4 per cent, of the same amount.
Modelled volume production, and obtained new project orders from customers such as Chirre, Gilly, and Toyota. The fourth generation of smart-space controllers has already produced a product on customers such as ideal cars, and continues to obtain new project orders such as ideal cars, wide-air vehicles, and Gilly cars.
On the other hand, in the first half of 2024, 2,667 million dollars, compared to 45.1 per cent, were collected by the company ' s smart driving business.
Texas net profit increase of 64 per cent over the same period in the first quarter of the year; domain control models continue to rise; lightweight smart-driving domain control products have been endorsed by multiple clients and have been awarded Chirí de Cessivitation (00292.sz) - 42 per cent over the same period in the quarter, domain controllers
New projects, such as automobiles, a red flag, etc.; company and long-line intelligence and strategic alignment with a new annualized project order of over 24.5 billion in 2023.
In addition, the company has accelerated its internationalization by setting up subsidiaries, offices, production bases in several regions of the world and working on localization.
The second quarter of 2023 saw a 45 per cent increase in the same year in the harvest in Dessahwet, which enabled production and services to respond positively to clients’ needs and contributed to the arrival of several new overseas project orders. The investment proposal: to maintain a profit forecast that is better than the city rating. We maintain a profit forecast that we expect.
A total of 18,975 million yuan, or +31.13 per cent, and a net profit to the mother of 1,407 million yuan, or +46,49 per cent. On a quarterly basis, the competitiveness of the products of the cabin business, the smart driving business, the location and development of new products and technologies, the opening up of new customers, the opening of new businesses, and the growth of income and profits of the enabling companies.
Figure 2: Business income for the first quarter of Dessahway and increase in year-on-year ratio Figure 5: Increase in vehicle/car fleet production and increase in Desersiwe camp Figure 6: Increase in vehicle/car fleet production and increase in Dessahweeh camp quarterly
Figure 9: Changes in the four rates in Desai Siwi, Figure 10: Changes in the four rates in the first quarter of Desai Si Wei, according to data released by the Chinese AutoIndustry Association, 2024q3 of the country ' s passenger vehicle output was the same as 1.92 per cent in Desai Si Wei
On the one hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, the stock side, the important clients of the Department are ideal cars, Gilly cars, Chirre cars, one pop, one pop, one pop, one pop, one pop, one pop, one pop.
On the other hand, the incremental model and the incremental product contributed to significant performance growth of 20243, either from ideals, Quillies, Volkswagen, Walls, etc. For traditional car companies, the new model of the Wall is expected to continue to make a significant contribution in 2024.
Performance. We're collating Chirre's sales of 2024q3, Chir's global sales of 706.4 million, 15 per cent, 12 per cent over the same period, 563 million over the same period, 55 per cent over the same period, the new power of the ring, the next generation of autopilot controllers based on the English darin chip, ipu04, has been cleared.
The new drivers of cars such as cars, pelicans, kryptonite brands, Eian brands, etc., and the project for mainstream traditional car companies are now in the production phase, with 2022h2 starting to scale up.
Figure 14: Ideas for monthly sales (car) Energy-motion-interactivity-interactive, Dexeciway-based and interlocking car intelligence. Looking ahead, cars can be split roughly from the bottom to the bottom of the chassis, and the bottom of the chassis is a human interaction under the smart cabin.
On-site, a breakdown of the industrial chain into "chips-systems-applications-shows" is expected to be a core interactive product, with screens, hud, glass, headlights, etc. Underboards are mainly smart electric power and smart driving, smart electric integration three power systems, which support the core energy of the entire drive; intelligent driving is based mainly on "sensor-calculation platforms"
-Automated driving algorithms go to the implementation level to achieve horizontal and vertical motor control. In summary, in the future, smart cars have three core elements at the end of the vehicle: energy, motion, interaction, and Dessehway is a motor movement and an interactive motor intelligence tap.
Figure 15: The three core elements of the future smart car at the end of the vehicle, namely, energy, motion, interaction
As a motorist and interactive motor intelligence leader, the heart of Desaiway's business end lies in intelligent driving (22.81% in the first half of 2024), smart cabins (68.12% in the first half of 2024). Smart driving is a fast-growing business for companies.
Domain controllers (ipu01, ipu02, ipu03, ipu04), smart cabins for firm business, the core of which is the bulk of the bulk (LCD, control, airspace controllers) of the cabin.
Joint-venture-head ownership, new forces and joint ventures, volume increases (to clients), price increases (high-value-added product product product product product extension) are the core logic that cuts across Desaiway’s clients and products. In the first half of 2024, corporate smart cabin business, smart driving business products became more competitive, and new products were made more competitive.
With the location and development of new technologies, the opening of new customers, new businesses, the recovery of support companies, and the continued break-up of profits, the acquisition of new orders has continued to rise steadily. Corporate performance is continuing to make a breakthrough in the current situation of low consumer confidence and increased competition in the industry.
The combined power of technology, customer resources, intelligent manufacturing, quality control, industrial ecology, cyber security, etc., builds technological links from intellectual mobility to intelligent transport, actively responds to the challenges of the automobile industry in a new four-fold trend, and the company’s performance continues to grow. In the first half of 2024, the company achieved $11,692 million in revenue, compared to +34.0 per cent.
The breakthrough of the new clients (increasing numbers) underpinned the high growth in corporate performance. Figure 16: Smart driving in Desaiway, increase in smart cabin operations, price increases: product dimensions, focusing on three major operations: smart cabins, smart driving and network services
At this stage, the company has successfully built healthy, balanced, sustainable industries.
The matrix, which focuses on three major business groups: smart cabins, smart drivers, web services, mature business, growth business, and incubating business three-way rolling curves, drives companies to grow and grow. In 2023, companies released smart travel solutions for efficient front-line product technology.
Provides a better road for co-ordinated and intelligent auto-drive user experience that represents a step closer to the company's mission of creating “a more secure, comfortable and efficient travel life”. 1) Smart cabin: operating income of $7,965 million in the first half of 2024, an increase of 27 per cent over the previous year.
With regard to smart spaces, companies are committed to building new human interactions that satisfy future intelligent travel scenarios. Based on an understanding of the experiences of future users, smart interactive systems, smart display hardware, smart domain control hardware, smart computing solutions, re-engineering of travel experiences to meet the needs of users for their personal character in the use of car scenes.
In the first half of 2024, the company smart cabin business continued to grow steadily, with revenue exceeding $7,965 million, an increase of 27.4 per cent.
Figure 17: In the first half of 2024, the company responded closely to market demand by introducing more differentiated smart cabin programmes that provide customers with more meta-product choices, while at the same time vigorously developing higher-performance smart cabin products and maintaining a stick-leading position.
The company’s third-generation smart space controller has been able to build up a large number of customers, such as the ideal car, the Chirre car, the BV car, and obtain new orders from customers, such as the Chirre car, the Gilley car, and the Toyota Air. The fourth-generation smart space controller has been able to produce a fast-growing market.
And keep getting orders for many new projects, such as the ideal car, the wide passenger car, and the Gilly car.
A powerful ai computing capability that integrates in-board human interaction allows for a greater variety of in- and out-of-car functions. At the application level, it supports in-board office moves, berthings, etc., and now has orders for new projects in the country and for leading companies around the world.
Information and entertainment systems, display systems and LCDs have taken a lead in the country, continuously expanding the share of the global market, and obtaining new client projects in a number of international markets such as Europe, Japan, and South-East Asia.
Waiting for customers to set up new projects; showing that the system has obtained new orders for new projects from customers both inside and outside the sea such as Chirre, Gilly, Wall, Volkswagen, Toyota, Ceer, Seet, Audi, Cat, etc. LCD meters have acquired new customers such as Wide-Ann, Wide-Air Ride, One-Air Toyota, Hiroshima Toyota, Stillantis, Cat, etc.
With regard to new products, in the first half of 2024, the company ' s body area controller product was produced in real estate and obtained new orders for domestic and external customers such as cars, Chirres, Proton and others: Hud products and electronic mirror products were also receiving orders for new projects.
With regard to smart driving, companies are committed to providing industry’s leading smart driving solutions, product coverage, smart driving computing systems, sensors, algorithms, etc., to create safe, comfortable and efficient intellectual driving services and experiences for global users. In the first half of 2024, the company’s smart driving business continued to grow at a high rate.
Six months of operating income of 2,667 million yuan, an increase of 45.05% over the same year. With the widespread use of smart driving, it is particularly important to scale up high-level smart driving, which is represented by urban noa, to create high-growth commercial opportunities that will lead to continued growth in corporate smart driving.
Figure 18: Dresseeway's smart driving business will face enormous security challenges as intelligent driving functions are upgraded and spread. Companies have reached industry leadership in the areas of smart driving, product safety, cyber security. By the end of 2023, companies won the country.
The certification certificate for the advanced functional security process of the smart car solution, iso 21448 (sotif), issued by the international authority certifications, marks an internationally advanced level of management and control of the expected functional safety risks of road vehicles and a stronger safety and security of corporate smart driving products.
The company’s smart-driving domain controller product has been leading the industry for many years in a row, with a more balanced and well-balanced product matrix, fully adapted to different market demands. High-calculus smart-driving domain controllers have been scaled up on a variety of customers, such as ideal cars, polar kryptonite cars, and have acquired Toyota, Wall Street cars, Hiroshima, UCPs, etc.
A number of mainstream clients, such as the East Wind Nitros, have continued to grow in size; the company's lightweight intelligent driving, domain-controlled products have been recognized by a number of customers, and new projects, such as Chiré, a red flag, have been targeted. Based on research and development of new generation of high-calculation central computing platform chips, companies have entered into battles with longline intelligence and thongs.
A modest cooperation agreement will jointly promote the accelerated landing of a new generation of UI platforms, and even central computing platforms, with high-level high-level autopilot hardware and software system requirements. The growth of intelligent driving operations will continue to be strongly supported by diverse intellectual domain control solutions based on varying arithmetic.
Auto-intelligentization is accelerating towards high-level intelligent driving, marked by noa, and high-level intelligent drivers are constantly demanding greater performance of millimetre wave radars. In the first half of 2024, the company released a new generation of high-performance cascade imaging radars, frd03 forward-mm wave radars, crd03e horn radars, and so on a series of sensor products...
In the reporting period, the company's millimetre-popular radar product has received orders for new projects in a number of cars, such as Chirre, Hiroshima, and Toyota. On August 21, 2024, the Great Wall's first noa smart six flagships, Suv-Wei, were officially launched.
The face market, the New Blue Mountain-style Itody Cecipu04 intelligent domain control platform, which has achieved a single chip high, arithmetic release, support for an el2+ level intelligent driving function, and an end-to-end model based on the Wall ' s autonomous development, as well as the integration of up to 27 sophisticated sensors to form a full-scale, dead-end intelligent perception network.
On September 5th, 2024, Kez10 will be launched in Hangzhou, where Desai Siwei will provide them with key products such as smart driving solutions, instrument screens, central control screens, and so forth.
In terms of intellectual driving functions, the linklhp high-level intelligent driving support system, which carries the Desaiway smart driver ipu04 and 11 cameras, achieves functions such as "high speed noa, urban noa, full-scale smart parking".
Guangyang Island in Chongqing officially opened a global pre-sale, and during the e07 production process, Desaiway provided him with the intellectual ability to drive solutions ipu04, 11 cameras and the bluetooth key.
Figure 19: The Great Wall's first Noa Six-Sud Wei brand-new Blue Mountain, October 18th, 2024 Chiri Global Innovation Congress, held under the theme “Technology and Smart Management of the Future”, which brought together Desai Wei and Chiré at the height of this gathering gathering of the most advanced technological achievements of the industry.
The development of the "8775-class central computing platform." In October 2024, Desaiway and Gilly started a sharing and convergence of smart technology innovations and applications, with high-performance intelligent driving domain control devices ipu14, 8775-class central computing platform, p-hud panorama display technology, etc.
The technology solution came to the Jili Institute, demonstrating the agile support of a new product that was pumped with oil and electricity.
The autopilot, stage 1-4, provides smart support for household-specific efficiency and comfort improvements with a highly systematic, safe and redundant design and algorithmic liberalization capability. The product has now been received by multiple car companies, and the future Desai Siewis will help clients achieve high-quality landing applications.
Fig. 21: Transceiver 8775 CB platform 3) Network operations: focus on the development of vehicle-borne software and operating services, which have been newly designed by leading domestic and international companies
The company’s whole-of-the-move solution, smart access, smart space ecology v-aiot, and big data applications have been continuously upgraded and acquired the ideal cars, Chirí, céer, Chang An, Toyota, Hiro.
Toyota and others, leading domestic and foreign firms, new project orders. Figure 23: Smart Networking in Desaiway, Increased number: Client dimensions, company access to international markets, customer structure re-enhanced
At present, the company's third generation of high-performance smart class products are the main driving force behind the growth of smart cabin operations, and they have been produced in quantities, accompanied by customers such as ideal cars, Chirés, Guang Cyans, Guang Cyans, Hiroscos and others, as well as new projects targeted by multiple mainstream customers such as Chirés, Guang Cyans, Biades, etc.; fourth-generation cabins.
In driving, the smart and computer-driven field control platform has produced a number of cars, small pelicans, Lutus, Guangmoan, Aquarium, and so on, as well as new cars, and a lot of cars.
Ann, Gilly, Walle, Lutus, and Kirk, among others, are new project orders for more than 10 car companies; the lightweight differential platform has gained major autonomy, foreign branding project fixes, and will be replicated for a larger number of clients. The pace of corporate internationalization is accelerating.
2024h1, a foundation ceremony at Weimar, Germany, for the new European Science Park in Dessahwei, the first phase of which has now been launched includes an office building and a 3d antenna surveying laboratory, which provides ample space for the company to develop its internationalization process in Europe. Meanwhile, Dessahwei Europe established its first in Paris, France.
In addition, the company’s start-up of a smart factory project in Spain will respond to demand from European and neighbouring markets with a shorter delivery time and faster service speed.
The company has established subsidiaries, offices, and production bases in several regions around the world, and is committed to responding positively to clients’ needs with localized production and services, and contributing to the arrival of several new overseas project orders. The company has always been client-market oriented, increasing its dynamic development, and in the first half of 2024, American Motors.
In 2024, News magazine launched the 100th highest number of car parts suppliers worldwide, with the company ranking for four consecutive years as the world ' s 100th largest supplier of automobile parts and components, currently ranked 74th, 15th higher than last year ' s, and the largest increase in corporate brand power in this year ' s ranking.
In terms of production capacity, while business growth continues, companies are tightening up their capacity to meet the demand for orders. In the first half of 2024, the company ' s central west base project was officially launched in Chengdu, the launch of the Heinan II smart factory, and the foundation ceremony at the Spanish smart factory in Desailawe, which is forming production in several parts of the world.
Manufacturing capacity, committed to providing supply security to clients. Figure 24: Desai Siwi kicks off the Spanish indigenous production process. Figure 25: Desai Sives has been ranked as the world ' s top provider of auto parts and components for the fourth year in a row.
In 2024, a global car spare parts supplier, 100% (China Enterprise) Investment proposal: to maintain a profit forecast that is better than a major market rating.
1) Traditional products have benefited from the increase in the value of bicycles: the engine that contains the control screen and the LCD instrument is the core module of the cabin, which is the entrance to the interaction of the future smart car, and in recent years the driver's demand for the car-borne entertainment system has been upgraded in content, quality, and form. The overall trend is from partition to integration, from button to button.
In body screens, the value of the bike has been raised from 600 to 700 to over $2,000, and Desaiway, as the hub of the autonomous company, has benefited from the upgrading of the traditional motor vehicle business.) The focus on new products outside the mainframe business is on smart driving, smart seating, smart network: smart seating.
In the first half of 2024, operating income was $7,965 million, a 27 per cent increase in the same year, and the company's third generation of smart seats, the airspace controllers had been scaled up on the model of many customers, such as the ideal car, the Chirre car, the BV car, and obtained new project orders from customers, such as Chirre, Gilly, and Hiroshima Toyota, and the market was fast-moving.
The fourth generation of smart-space controllers has been matched to produce products for customers such as ideal cars, and continues to receive many new project orders, such as cars, wide-air vehicles, and Gilly. In addition, more different-space prosecution cases have been assigned to new projects. Information entertainment systems, displays, and LCDs have taken a lead in the country.
In terms of smart driving, 2,667 million won in the first half of 2024, an increase of 45% over the same period.
New orders from a number of mainstream clients, such as cars, Walls, Volkswagen Eyan, Uplift Generals, East Wind, etc. Collections continue to increase, and corporate lightweight smart-driving domain control products have been endorsed by multiple clients and have been targeted for new projects such as a Dichiri car, a red flag, etc.
R & D, the company has entered into strategic cooperation agreements with long-line intelligence and Xiao Xing to facilitate the accelerated landing of a new generation of pilots, and even central computing platforms, that match the high-level high-level autopilot hardware and software system requirements. The diversity of intelligent domain-controlled solutions based on varying arithmetic power strongly supports the continued growth of intelligent driving operations.
On the other hand, the company ' s whole-of-the-moot solutions, smart access, continuous upgrading of the cabin space eco-services and acquisition of ideal cars, Chirés, céer, Chang An, Toyota, Hiro, Toyota, etc.) client structures are optimized year by year, with core client groups including mainstream autonomous brand clients, joint venture brand clients and others.
Clients abroad, companies active in international markets, and their client structure has been strengthened. Companies are constantly pursuing their home-grown internationalization strategy and increasing overseas market input. 2024h1, The New Technology Park in Europe in Texas, held a base ceremony in Weimar, Germany, and a phase of work has now been initiated, including an office building and a 3d antenna surveying laboratory, New Section.
At the same time, Desecway Europe has set up its first office in Paris, France, to further strengthen its client territorial services capacity and provide better support and solutions to clients. In addition, the company will launch a project in Spain to build a smart factory.
Landed production capacity to respond to demand from European and neighbouring markets with shorter delivery times and faster service speed. As the corporate globalization process moves forward, companies have established subsidiaries, offices, production bases in several regions of the world that are committed to responding positively to customers’ needs in localized production and services, and have helped to create new jobs abroad.
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts that are better than the big market ratings. Desai Weiwei, as the base of car computing and interactive products, is a national driver's headline. We maintain profit forecasts, and it is expected that four generations of smart cabin products have been scaled up and that more differential airspace control programmes will be set for new projects.
In addition to the volume of ipu03, ipu04, the lightweight smart-driving domain control products that have been recognized by multiple clients and project-specific points, companies have entered into strategic cooperation agreements with longline intelligence and Xiang Xiang to promote the accelerated landing of a new generation of Quantities and even central computing platforms, and to enrich the output of orders, which are expected to continue to outpace the industry.
Order sales are over $24.5 billion a year, and future performance is expected to remain high. 2) Smart driving is relatively scarce, companies are currently a small number of producers of autopilot domain controller products, industry drivers are scarce, industry space is large, faster, valuation premiums are available, and Texas 2025 is updated
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject