Development of a retrieval and industry space perspective for the long-term Desai Weiwei, November 14th, 2024, Research Assistant Sun In-hoon.
• How to understand the core competitiveness of the race?
The 2017 suv dividend and the new energy dividend after 2022; in terms of industry trends, the Division captured the car class overscreening around 2017 and the smart driving industry dividend after 2022.
As the company evolves, it is now more in line with the globalization strategy to have no real control over people, with a new management taking up office, with many of the company ' s founding employees, and companies binding core staff through employee holding platforms, equity incentives, etc.
Industry chain position: We believe that the current market pessimism about the electronic car supply chain is exaggerated, that we have repeated the development of the fast-track box, and that it was found that the industrial development was dominated by changes in the mainframe plant at an early stage, and then was decentralized to the supply chain, and we believe that the electronic car industry chain could also be maintained.
(b) Borders have been widened further, and demand on suppliers has been further enhanced, with Desai being the first leader in the industry to create a market space to look ahead to automobiles within/outbound electronics:
"Desessive" (002920); "Thirty-quarterly report 2024 " Smart-driving domain controller: mid- and low-level intelligent-driving domestic market space is expected to start in 2024.
21.8 billion was raised to 25.3 billion yuan in 2027, and external market space remained largely stable; high-level smart-driving territorial/off-shore market space was expected to rise from 19.339 billion yuan in 2024 to the present, with performance above expectations.
In the mid- to long-term market space reaches more than 10 billion people in 2025.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company is a champion of smart driving parts and components, and we see that good companies are able to grow over the long term, and we maintain the company's revenue forecast for 2024-2026 at a lower than expected penetration rate of 1.3 intelligence in the country.
1. The development of the development redisk: taking advantage of two major trends and starting with the winding up of the rediscovery, the increase in the volume of vehicle sales and the relationship between block dynamics, which we believe the automobile industry is currently in a state of electro-intelligentity.
In 2022 and before, the Car Index was accompanied by a resonance between downstream sales and new energy penetration rates, and after September 2022, when downstream demand was characterized by cyclical shocks in vehicle sales and a slowdown in new energy penetration rates after 35 per cent.
Valuations echoed industrial trends and are currently in transition from two rounds of industry. Recounting stock prices and valuations, pre-2021 for the electric sector, Beta Driven by Performances and Valuations, benefited from core client ideal/petm, etc.) New energy penetration has slowed since q4 in 2022, and the next round of intelligent/globalized industries has slowed down.
By 2020, we'll have two stages of corporate development: the Suv era, where we capture the powerful cycle of the Great Wall, the general population, the Chang An, etc., and the income scale that touches phase two: the electric/intelligent era, the powerful cycle of the pelican/ideal car, and the intelligent product that has been in existence for many years.
Using industry as a model, we believe that companies will enter the post-intelligent/globalization era by 2024. The post-intelligence era is characterized by “brain power” – a high-level intelligent driving that is decentralized to 200,000 or less vehicles, companies, and companies.
Intelligent business can reach customers from the new power of the head to full autonomy. The era of globalization has been characterized by a surge of head zero component businesses, with company automobile e-business reaching customers from home (the center of 2000 million annual sales) to global (80 million annual sales), and a new wave of corporate revenue.
Figure 3: Total production of the company ' s core complement of vehicles in the suv era (millions, calculated figure 4: Core of the company ' s smart driving business in the electrodynamic/smart age approach: total output of the company ' s announced core complement of vehicles)
Phase I: Seizing the dividends of the suv era, with revenues of 0->50 million. Before listing, companies achieved rapid growth in their revenues through a core set of electronics, a combination of joint ventures and autonomous suv models, such as the first three sales in 2016, the Great Wall, Haffah 6, the passing of gs4 and the Bozo 560, all of which were company-backed models; a new mass platform was cut off in 2017.
In exchange, it further supports corporate revenue spending. Figure 5: Share of the vehicle industry by vehicle (tagged as the Dexahway nuclear model) Figure 6: share of the Dexahway joint venture + foreign investment income (calculation method: disclosed)
Phase II: Control of self-empowerment + electricization with 20 billion revenues. After 2020, the company took control of electrodynamics/intellectuals.
The opportunity to tap into opportunities, the rapid release of intelligent driving, especially when the ideal new car cycle was stronger in 2023, led to a rapid increase in corporate income. The opportunity came from a thick, thin-haired company that had been working with British Welda since 2019, when smart driving had not yet been able to add to the company’s performance, and after 2020, the company had worked with pelicans to realize its ideals.
The rapid growth of intelligent driving has led to the closure of products from R & D to commercialization. Competitiveness blames the fact that industry trends pre-judgement and the result of strong client selection.
The year-to-year large screen of the cabin and the dividends of the intelligent driving industry after 2022. Figure 11: Corporate revenue structure/billion-dollars. 1.2. Management review: binding core staff, keeping strategy ahead of schedule
The company is located in Huezhou, where it was founded in 1986 as a sub-producer for high-quality cars that are free from Central European electrons and hold German genes. The gene of foreign capital gives management an internationalization perspective and a sense of control over industry trends, post-2010.
The group buys foreign shares and is based on domestic capture of autonomous motor vehicles to fly. Figure 13: Dexivet's development history; Recapitulation of shares: Matching with corporate strategic planning.
Autonomous car company customers - >Innocuous Controls (2024, corporate control returned to management to internationalization on the basis of deep-farming domestic markets). At this critical node of corporate internationalization, companies now have an uncontrollable equity structure that is flexible enough to respond to market transformations.
The group held 28.3% of the shares, while the Tesai group controlled the company as a founding shareholder, and the State Treasury of Hyeju City as the second largest shareholder. Before the company was listed, several employee holding platforms were set up to bind the company’s core management.
In 2024, the company’s new management came to power with many years of corporate management experience. At the same time, the company introduced equity incentives in 2021, covering 848 company management technicians.
Table 4: Corporate equity incentives in 2021 1.3. Core competitiveness analysis: long-term industrial status of tap car electrotier 1
1.3.1. Why is there now a general pessimism in the market about Tier1’s competition in the electronics chain of automobiles? In terms of the industrial chain position, automobile suppliers are at the bottom of the smile curve, with lower bargaining power, especially in the electronics chain of automobiles defined by the heart of the mainframe plant.
It can be found that 1) the current industrial position of car electronics is in a “transformation period”, i.e. the electronics chain of automobiles is changing from a “linear” to a “net” (the core industrial change behind is an upgrade of the car e/e structure) and the role of the electronics chain of automobiles is expected to be reshaped; 2) the upstream cost pressure transmission plus the autonomous definition of downstream car enterprises has been strengthened, resulting in motor power.
Sub-industry chain voice seems to be declining. Upstream: chip is the core, manufacturing end (which can be understood as part of auto electro-tierl) is relatively less core, and upstream chip suppliers have had a very strong voice in the industrial chain over the past few years.
Directly leading to a significant increase in potential risk inventories, the loss of impairments in assets increases lower profits. Downstream: In many ways, such as mastering core competitiveness in an age of intelligence, almost all car firms are trying to automatically drive “all-in-house.”
In addition, Smart Sred seems to follow the Moor's law, that is, the rapid downward trend in the cost of intelligent driving hardware as software is upgraded, but the user experience is rapidly optimized, and the core drivers of change at the end of the industry are also driven by car companies rather than by Tier1.
1.3.2. Relying on changes in the tank industry: from vertical integration to industrial division of labour, the industrial strengthening of Tier1. It is normal to question the industrial chain status of Tier1 in the course of industrial upheavals, and it is also consistent with the trend of industrial change. In the early stages of industrial development, vertical integration is the core capacity of car firms, and the driving force of industrial change is often the driving force of industrial change.
From car companies, in other words, they have to be deeply involved in the industrial process; in the post-industrial stage, product patterns are fixed, technology is reduced, industry links are often decentralized to suppliers, and the core capabilities of car firms are derived from product platforming down to suppliers, and through the history of recalculation converters, the following characteristics are also found: 1) the industry is often in the early stages of the start-up process.
After nearly a century of industrial evolution, the industry has developed a virtuous partnership between the company and the supply chain, and has developed a relationship between the supply of automatic speed change boxes for individual car companies:
1) ATM suppliers bound to the depth of the car: Eichon-Toyota, Gatko-Japanese, Allison (from Tonto 2), tending to produce autonomously: Toyota, General, Ford, Stillantis, Benz. Typical third-party fastbox suppliers: Eaves, matched by a higher market rate (11% in 2023)
And the most comprehensive customer coverage. The current relationship between car firms and suppliers in the ATM field has created a well-developed matrix of supply that we believe can evolve into intelligent driving.
1.3.3. Proximity and technical barriers to leading Tier1 should be recognized, and the profitability of medium- and long-term automobile electronics should remain stable. The past three years have been three years of electricization, intelligent development in the automobile industry, and most supply chain companies have significantly increased R & D inputs and capital spending, influenced by industry demand.
The price rate is up. Desai, as a car electron tap, has entered a turning point in the growth-in-drilling boom, the profitability of Desai's smart driving business has increased even more dramatically, the Hud, Burtley Line control operations have been profitable, the technical barriers to the area control product have continued to grow, and the problem with the domain control is, "How does it work at a high level of functional demand?"
At the hardware design level, a high arithmetic soc will need to increase the multidimensional indicators of transmission, radiation, stability, functional security. From the radiant angle, the domain controller will need to be designed to take full account of the many factors surrounding the environment, air circulation, space placement, nvh, cost, etc.
The complexity of the interactive signal links within and outside the system requires hardware design to focus on the variable characteristics of the optical chain, while also addressing the serious signal decay caused by the high bandwidth data bus on the signal link.
Figure 26: Thermal management is one of the core issues that Tier1 needs to address: The change in the model for the development of electronic chains in automobiles, which we believe to be an extension of capacity boundaries for suppliers, rather than a decline in the status of the chains.
e/e architecture upgrades and oems towards white boxing of solutions mean that oems need to have a full-scale capacity to address programme delivery while maximizing the alignment of Oem needs, resulting in “tier 0.5” depths of suppliers involved in the development, production and manufacture of domain controllers.
Software defines cars and the collaboration between oems and suppliers shifts from a “chain-like” to a “ flat” approach. The boundaries of traditional suppliers at different levels are becoming blurred, and suppliers at all levels are required to provide maximum responsiveness around a common definition of autonomously driven products.
Outlook: Measuring the electronic/off-shore market space of automobiles Product matrix: The cumulative unicycle value of Dessahwet passed by $20,000. The company forms a product matrix of smart cabins + smart driving + web-connected services, which complements each other and aggregates a unicar value of up to $200.
2.1. Smart cabins: multiple product penetration peaks, focussing on domain controllers Most cabin class penetration peaks, see as intelligent airspace controllers and pattern changes. Smart cabin control passes by 20% and has an accelerated trend of penetration; the core competitiveness of the flight lanes is "customer capability."
(b) The high-chip chip advantage is evident and the share continues to rise, with the new headships, idealized, after the higher version of the 8295 chip was launched, leading to the upgrading of the cabin chip, and consolidating the industry leader of the high-train chip.
Looking ahead to the size and pattern of the follow-up market, we believe that: 1) the largest part of the increase is from the penetration rate of the airspace control and the increase in value; 2) the pattern is based on a closer top suppliers with more production-side experience and high communications top suppliers.
The size of the internal and external smart cabin markets is in an expanded space, and the combined size is expected to break by 400 billion yuan in the medium and long term (after 2027).1 Domestic markets: the penetration rate of traditional products (medium screen + LCD) is expected to exceed 70 per cent in 2024 and penetration rates are expected to be higher than 70 per cent in 2024
Higher, with a slight increase in the single-carasp expected as the size of the cabin screen is overscreened; new products (hud+ domain control) are currently less permeable, with a projected Hud/facility control penetration rate of 18/35 per cent in 2024, expected to be raised to the size of the airspace control market in 2027, cagr is expected to reach 13/17 per cent/25/53 per cent, and the industry as a whole is expected to be in 2027
In addition, there is still a wealth of smart cabin products, and new products such as electronic rear-view mirrors are expected to contribute. 2) Out-of-country markets: cars are generally less intelligent abroad, big screens/area control trends are similar, and the market has a more asp-up industrial logic than China, taking into account the penetration and unit-price escalation of the domestic market.
It is expected to double the growth of offshore bicycles in 2027 compared to 2022, and the size of the offshore smart cabin market is expected to break out of $20 billion by 2025.
We divide autopilot solutions into high-level and low- and low-level programs, with fewer top-level program players, mainly British Weida, Wah, Tesla, and potential high-tour/terrestrial horizons, and medium- and low-level program providers, such as horizons, Texas instruments, mobileye, high-tubes. Different chip solutions correspond to different domain controller providers, patterns.
We briefly summarize the following: medium- and low-level domain control - fiercely competitive, high-level domain control - clear advantage. 2.2.1. Medium- and low-level intellectual domain control: a deer-to-deer-to-driver, an internal market space outlook of $25 billion.
Field patterns, although including high-level intellectual domain control providers, still show the industry as it is: internal and external competition, a large number of end producers, and difficult to talk about the dominant effects. Space measurements: down to medium- and low-level intelligent driving, we predict low- and medium-to-medium-to-long-long-range intelligent driving of single vehicle prices.
At a value of around 1500 yuan, China’s smart driving penetration rate was more than 50% in 2024, and China’s suppliers had an opportunity to take their own cars out of the sea because of the strong international rivals in the fields of l3 and medium- and low-level intellectual driving. It was estimated that the penetration rate of intelligent driving outside the country’s L2+ and below is close to 80%, while the foreign dragon tierl was deployed earlier in the lower- and middle-level intellectual driving.
With a clear customer advantage, China’s suppliers are more likely to be able to break through directly. In 2024, China’s mid- and low-level smart drive abroad is expected to be largely stable in the area control market.
We believe that China has the best chance to get out of the sea by driving outside the country.
2.2.2. High-level intellectual domain control: the head of the new power, the internal market space outlook of $40 billion, classifies the different cars according to the high-level intelligent driving capability: 1st Platoon: the successful head of the new force, Cyrus/Peng/Ideal/America, their high-level intellectual partner.
In 2024, the condom was significantly increased to effectively raise consumers' awareness of intelligent driving (Teslafsd is not in China, and the second echelons: new energy models for other autonomous companies, mainly self-owned brands such as Biadi/Chang An/Giley/Girry/Chire, which have managed to catch up with the front of the industry through collaboration (e.g. Long Into the StockBu/Biadey Cooperation) and self-researching.
Technology; new forces, such as millet and kryptonite, also launched a competitive high-level intellectual driving model in 2024. The high-level echelons of this echelon, with a price of 200,000-400,000, are priced.
Step 4: Autonomous and joint branded tanker model, which is still difficult to achieve high-level intellectual driving under the current technological architecture
High-level smart-driving bikes are down, and we're predicting that bikes are down to less than $10,000, with one side relying on tierl engineering, but more importantly on algorithms/chip ends for further upgrades, if you can expect the next generation of thor chips in British Welda to get into the car to achieve the high-level intellectual driving of the single chip, and the ability of the computer system to make progress.
High-level smart-driving markets have expanded rapidly to take stock of their share capacity. At the end of the spectrum: we have a bottom-up calculation of the high-level intelligent-driving industry by the split-up type, which is expected to be 13 and above.
The penetration rate rose from 4 per cent (2024) to 23 per cent (2027), and given the supply chain drops brought about by technological advances, it is expected that the high-level smart-driving domain controller will remain above $6,000, and that the industrial market space is expected to break out in 2027.
We believe that the development capabilities, engineering capabilities, and customer resources of Tierl are the core barriers to the industry, and that Desai is expected to gain more than 25% of the market share in 2027. (Note: the above calculation does not take into account the trend of cockpit integration for the time being)
The development of the intellectualization of the offshore leader Tier1, which we believe is more than adequate, but less effective, has already led to the creation of a ministry dedicated to autopilot at the organizational level: 1) The World, the Continent, etc., which reflects the importance attached to intelligence; 2) The acquisition and acquisition of genes by overseas tierl, which is mostly based on acquisition, collaboration and so on.
At the margins of capacity development, there is a weak self-capacity reserve; (3) most of the overseas Tier1 smart products are still at the perception level, and only the World has reached the end of the high-level smart driving solution. Overseas car companies have intelligent genes, and high-level intellectuals are required.
With about 80%, well over 50% in the country, an offshore car company with an intelligent gene and a consumer base for intelligent driving, we believe that high-level intellectual driving abroad is essential in the early stages of its development, with a pace of about two to three years behind. In 2030, it is expected that it will reach more than 20%.
There is a higher requirement for redundancy of intelligence abroad, a higher unit price for intelligent driving, and an even steeper theoretical market space expansion. Overseas car companies are more conservative about high-level intellectual driving, predicting the value of high-level intellectually controlled bicycles or more than 1.5 times the value of their territory.
The auto e/e structure has completed initial domain concentration integration from the traditional distribution, autopilot upgrades are expected to lead to further consolidation of the mobile domain control structure, and the cockpit integration domain controllers are eager to call it out. The engine of the cockpit integration is a drop-down, i.e., as many functions as possible with one or more large arithmetic chips, with hardware recovery/user improvements.
At the end of the industry chain, attention is focused on upstream chip product rotation, low-level program, high-tech has been launched since 2023, supporting both the cockpit and the soc chip adas, and Hessemac1200 is a product of the domestic first single chip performing cross-domain functions; the high-calculation chip has been more clearly settled (e.g., British Weldathor, high 8775), and the chip has been officially landed at the top of the deck.
The integration programme is expected to be fast-tracked.
The mode of integration is divided into onebox, oneboard and onechip, which run a different operating system for a single chip, which integrates for the true sense of the cockpit and is more in line with the mainframe plant.
In terms of progress, domestic suppliers such as Desai Weiwei, the Huayang Group, etc., have launched the corresponding onechip class integration product, and the Beijing Car Fair Overseas vendor, 2024, has launched a single chip-based one-way integration solution, at the highest cost, figure 52: the path to the one-way drive integration.
Fig. 53: Demo, Fig. 55: Wayang Group Bing One Area Control based on 8255 chip DUI: Inland tactile space is expected to break by 10 billion in 2027. We're talking about smart cabins and intelligence above.
The driver's market space measurements do not take into account the industry trend of cockpit integration, and it is expected that, after 2025, the driver's market will be released to a certain extent to crush the traditional singlesoc's domain control market space, but it will still be a “left-hand against right” for car electronics providers and a potential opportunity for head suppliers to continue to increase their share.
At this point in time, it is even more important to keep pace with the trend. Industry trends: low-steed drive integration from the point of view of the downside is moving faster, with a number of auto electronics providers now launching a package based on a high-fibre chip program; high-level intelligent driving and the integration of the cabins are dependent on the next generation's big computing chip.
Launch with a focus on the rollout of the British Weidathor chip. Permeability: Based on upstream supply chain progress and the roll-out of the high-calculation chip, it is expected to be high in 2025 and beyond, with a significant reduction at the end of the supply chain, according to 2024.
Demo, a scheme that is separate from two socs and two controllers, with a 30 per cent reduction in the total cost of driving the integration programme; and Ceo Butcher, who is a smart driver, once pointed out that “the combination of a cockpit chip and adas chip together would save $30-50 for a low-end car and $30-50 for a medium-end car.
Industry Space: According to Dr. Hein, the management of Bo Corporation, “Global sales revenue from the information entertainment and driver system's cross-area integration platforms is expected to reach 3 billion euros by 2026”, we expect the size of the country's one-space control market to reach $30 billion by mid-2028.
3. Profit forecasts and investment ratings, based on the following core assumptions, we have detailed projections for the performance of Desai Weiwei for 2024-2026: smart cabin operations: companies have large hand orders, current traditional cabin products, such as screens, and new cabins, such as seat-space control.
The product is in the lead in terms of share, downstream client ideals, Chirres, etc., and it is expected to be overseas after 2025.
Autonomous clients, who are expected to benefit from a rapid increase in the size of the smart dividends of the automobile industry, are expected to be able to select the platform car parts provider Tupou Group, Autoelectronics Dragons and Bertlees as comparable companies in 2024-2026 with an average of 28/22/18 times.
For the headlines, to fully enjoy the dividends of this wheeled car intelligence industry and to compete for electronic parts and components for global automobiles, we believe that the company will have great potential for future development, enjoy a premium on the valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The annual corporate business income, 42 per cent, benefited mainly from a rapid increase in domestic penetration of new energy sources and smart driving The profit end: net interest rate hub was largely stable and performance was robust. The corporate return net profit, 52 per cent in 2019-2023, was due mainly to the downward pressure on the Maori rate following the rise in the income scale.
In a round of scale-up cycles, the increase in the size of fixed assets and the increase in income generated by investing in fund-raising projects, the size of the accounts receivable, we believe that the company has come to the end of the last scale-up cycle, and that in the coming years it intends to expand the capacity of the company further, or the company may enter a new scale-up cycle, but based on historical financial data, the company's output is expected to grow even further.
With a shorter release cycle, a high level of income from hand orders tends to offset the increase in depreciation amortization, the company’s old amortization as a share of income has continued to decline since 2019, and the company is expected to maintain a prudent expansion of its size in the future while safeguarding performance growth. Cash flow statement: good blood-producing capacity, still needs to raise investment funds to prepare for the next round of expansion.
The quality of the gold stream has gradually improved with a rapid upswing in performance, but given the fact that companies have continued to invest in capital spending for the last two years and that cash in hand does not match the size of the company ' s current income, we feel that the choice of financing to the secondary market at this point is necessary and beneficial for the company ' s long-term development.
Figure 67: Net cash flow from business activities/billion yuan. The fund-raising project is focused on the future.
Now, the company plans, on the one hand, to set up an energy base in the southwest, re-radiate the southwest car industry cluster, while also looking at future projects for the integration of cockpits, in line with industry trends. Global ai technological innovation is lower than expected.
Teslavsd has made less progress than expected. Teslavsd's entry schedule is lower than expected due to geopolitical and other factors. Domestic consumers are less willing than expected to pay for the 3rd smartness bill.
The monetary units of the relevant data are the renminbi, and Dong Wu Securities Company Limited, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.