Auto-intelligent re-scaled, internationalized accelerated, product-intelligent layout, client structure development, first-time coverage.
Desecway's deep focus is on efficient integration in the various areas of car intelligence, and it's a business of intelligence, a cabin, a smart driver. The company was founded in 1986 and has been intelligent since 2020 as a leading company in the electronics sector of automobiles, and it's working with a number of domestic and international car companies.
In addition, the share of revenues from domestic operations is over 80%, and foreign operations are growing rapidly. Desai Weiwei opens up and builds healthy customer structures through global service systems and multichannel markets.
In 2023, new orders for smart cabin operations passed $15 billion a year and continued to make breakthroughs in overseas markets.
Seven hundred and sixty-five million yuan, an increase of 27.43% in the same year. The third generation of high-performance smart cabin products in the airspace of the airspace continues to be the driving force behind the growth of smart cabin operations.
In addition to deep farming in the domestic market, the services of music systems, display systems, and LCDs continue to open up major international markets in Europe, South-East Asia, Japan, and North America. In the case of new products, body-space controllers have landed: Hud has acquired project locations.
Intelligent driving: leading the domain control industry, diversified product programmes, company smart driving sales and new project orders continued to grow in size, rising by about 74 per cent year-on-year in 2023, with new orders breaking through year-on-year sales.
45.05% of corporate intellectual domain control products are industry-first, with 23.90% in January-August 2024. The company’s product matrix will cover a larger range of computing areas to meet larger market demand.
A number of car companies, such as Eyan, Aurang, etc., provide strong support to maintain high-speed growth in intelligent driving. The lightweight smart-driving domain controller ipu02 will introduce more new programs, suitable for the largest segment of the country’s low-to-high-middle-to-high-priced area.
The firm’s deep focus will be on efficient integration of car intelligence, deployment of smart pods, intelligent driving, smart network, leading company in the electronics sector of cars, with a scale effect and close to intelligence.
Structural diversification and breakthroughs to overseas markets, first coverage, with firms being given an “enhancement” rating, vehicle sales below expectations, targeted vehicle volume production below expectations, profitability below one product intelligent layout and client structure diversification
Integration software hardware, deep in intelligence. Deloitte Westway has continued to develop highly integrated smart hardware and leading software algorithms in recent years. Deepness focuses on efficient integration in various areas of car intelligence.
Interactive systems, smart display hardware, smart domain control hardware, smart computing solutions, re-engineering of travel experiences to meet the individual needs of users in a car scene. 2) Smart driving: working to provide industry leadership in intelligent driving, overall solutions, product range covering smart driving computing systems, sensors, algorithms, etc. 3) Smart networking
Services: Focus on vehicle-borne software development and operation services to provide or co-create holistic solutions such as ecology and operation, basic software, smart access to assist in the construction and enhancement of overall car-networking ecological capabilities and operational uniforms
Smart cabin, smart driving, entertainment display, control display, head-up display.
Blue whaleos smart-driving domain controller solutions instrumentation, information and entertainment systems, wireless charge, intelligent surfaces.
Cameras, millimetre waves/ultrasound/laser radars, smart antennas, ota, protocol counters, algorithms, network security • smart access
Smart traffic systems: airspace control, auto domain control/area control, smart gateways, smart traffic products and solutions
Algorithms, security, management platforms, modules, module space ecology in cabins, car load ktv, game cabin, air management
1.2 Products continue to overlap and the size of the harvest is visible 1) Initial phase: in 1986, the company's predecessor, Central European Electronics Industries Ltd. was established. In 1989, the Department became an associate supplier with the “Audi” and formally moved to the inner market; in 1999, Mannes Manwedio.
Acquisition of Hong Kong Gold Mountain shares, Central European Electronics officially became a joint venture between Mannes Manwedio and Desai Group; in 2001, the Siemens Wiedio Automobile Electronics Group was formed. (2) Growth phase: in 2002, Central European Electronics Ltd. changed its name to Siemens Wiedeo Automobile Electronics.
(Heju) Ltd.: In 2004, the company developed a first global vehicle sound system in support of mp3 formats. 3) The new area expansion phase: in 2010, Desai Group successfully acquired 70% of foreign shares, changed the name of the company to "Desersiway Motors Electronics Co. Ltd. in Hyezhou" and launched a business expansion in the area of car intelligence: 2016.
Within the company, a “smart driving support unit” has been formally established, starting with the exploration of smart driving-related products; in 2017, the company was placed on the market at the end of the year, and the concept of “smart cabin” products was formally introduced in the annual newspaper. 4) Break-through phase: since 2020, the company has opened a lot of flowers in the area of car intelligence.
During the year, the company's second-generation smart cabin product was scaled up and the third-generation smart cabin product was targeted for a number of autonomous branding clients, including the Great Wall, Chiré, ideal; in 2024, the company's fourth-generation smart seat module product, and its intellectual domain control, ipu04, continued to be produced and matched with a multi-client model.
The company’s equity structure has been relatively stable. Since its listing in 2017, the combined share of the Guangdong Tso Group and Hyezhou City Innovative Investment Company Limited has remained at over 55%. As of August 2024, the share of the Texas Group as a residual shareholder was below 4%. The company’s subsidiaries are clearly structured and divided.
The Department is engaged in activities such as technical services and development, production and marketing of electronic automobiles, and investment in industry. Its headquarters are located in Huezhou, China. China has nine branches and 14 branches abroad.
The net profit of the division’s shareholders has continued to grow at a high rate over the past five years. The net return ratio fluctuates from 8% to 8%, mainly because of the combination of a decline in the Māori rate and an improvement in the cost rate.
The cost rate is controlled for the period. The sales cost rate has benefited from economies of scale and has decreased considerably; in terms of research and development, firms have continued to increase their R & D inputs but have remained at 9-10%. In 2023, the number of R & D researchers increased to 3.886 and R & D effectiveness increased further.
Smart driving is the focus of strategic corporate development, driving 68.12% of total revenue, benefiting mainly from the third generation of high-performance smart cabin products that have produced ideally equipped cars, Chi-Ri-cars, wide-air passenger cars, etc.: the fourth generation of smart-car products have acquired the desired car, Gilly-car, Guang-bang-bang, etc.
New projects targeted by clients such as Eian, Combine, Gilly, etc., have been produced and delivered over time. Smart driving: 2,667 million yuan in operating income for 2024h1, an increase of 45.05 per cent over the same period in the previous year, representing 22.81 per cent of total income, mainly benefiting from the use of smart-drive controllers in ideal vehicles, polar nitrogen vehicles, using high-calculus platforms.
Toyota, Great Wall, Broad-Voice Eyan, Upper Air General, East Wind, etc., have been ordered by several mainstream clients; lightweight smart-driving domain control products have been recognized by many customers and have been targeted for new projects such as Chiré, a red flag, etc.
SMM-BORADA products have received orders for new projects in various cars, such as Chirre cars, wide-air vehicles, and wide-air Toyota.3 Network services and others: 2024h1 generated an operating income of $1,060 million, an increase of 66.90 per cent over the same period the previous year, representing 9.07 per cent of total revenue, focused on vehicle-borne software development and operational services, and provided or co-created ecological software for the car factory.
The company’s whole-of-the-car solutions, smart access, smart access, cabin space ecology v-aiot, and big data applications.
Companies have established long-standing and stable partnerships with a large number of domestic and international automobile companies. Corporate client groups include mainly home-owned brand customers, joint brand customers, and overseas customers.
In Texas, the share of domestic business revenues rose by more than 80% over time, reaching 92.50% in 2024h1, mainly because domestic operations grew faster than foreign operations. In the last three years, revenues from foreign operations grew rapidly, with factories, R & D centres, and marketing channels breaking through new customers abroad.
In domestic markets, companies continue to push for the “old customer, new product” strategy, increasing the product supply category of core clients, while at the same time providing high-end brands and strengthening a small number of important white-point clients. In international markets, firms build a global service system based on headquarters-based empowerment, opening up rapidly the world’s major automobile markets.
Figure 132019-2024h1 Percent, offshore and offshore: 2 smart cabins: abundance of products, exploitation of overseas market opportunities, 2.1 module markets are good and arithmetic upgrades of new opportunities
A car smart seat refers to a new class of smart technologies, including car-borne information and entertainment systems, driving aids, smart air conditioning, smart lighting, etc., designed to provide a more comfortable, safe, intelligent driving experience. The main components include instrument display systems, front and back controls, car-borne entertainment systems, streaming media rearview mirrors, etc.
The size of the smart cabin in China is growing steadily. According to the Marklines database, the size of the domestic smart cabin market is 56.7 billion yuan in 2020: it is projected to split between 2024 and 2026.
The penetration rate has also remained stable. Marklines data show that, as of March 2024, the overall penetration of the intelligent cabin had reached 70 per cent and was expected to reach 71 per cent throughout the year; the penetration rate is projected for 2025.
Figure 1520-2026: The size and speed of China’s smart cabin market was largely driven by the size of the smart cabin. According to our calculations, the annual capacity growth of the smart cabin from 2020 to 2026 was around 10%; the average unit rate of the smart cabin was about 10%.
Slower, loads are associated with intelligent cabin penetration, and average unit prices are associated with intelligent cabin functionality, which we believe is more important at this stage than intelligent cabin functional diversity. The future growth in intelligent cabin penetration is largely driven by two factors: the product is in the low-end-priced model.
Accelerating penetration breaks through the incremental market: product technology upgrades open up the stock market. Smart cabin penetration in medium- and high-end vehicles is more mature, and low-end vehicles will be the main battleground for future incremental markets.
More than 60%, more than half a million models over 80% for three years in a row, and the higher the price of cars is a better ride for smart seats. But in recent years, smart cabins have been fast-tracking to low-cost models, and as of March this year, $10-300,000 of these models had reached a large scale: 10-20 million of them have reached their capacity.
Seventy-two%; with a capacity of 68.8% for 200,000-300,000 vehicles, and a weighting of less than $100,000 for smart cabins, the penetration rate for low-end vehicles is expected to increase further. The technological upgrading will lead to a breakthrough in the stock market.
First, the advanced smart cabin still needs to be developed and popularized. The White Paper on the Classification and Integrated Evaluation of the Smart Cars, published jointly by the Chinese Autoengineering Society, shows that the smart cabin is divided into five classes, from lo to l4, and can be graded to achieve proactive senses and service crews and sustainable upgrades of network cloud capacity.
The book predicts that the L2 level partial cognitive smart module will be marketed on a large scale and is expected to be marketed on a large scale by around 2025: the L3 level upper cognitive smart module will be marketed on a large scale, and it is expected to be marketed on a large scale by around 2030: the L4 level full cognitive intelligence module will be gradually developed on a large scale and will be marketed on a large scale after 2035.
The lack of computing is the main challenge in upgrading a high-level smart class. The advanced smart module is linked to the depth of artificial intelligence, and the industry’s demand for car intelligence is growing rapidly as the big car companies accelerate the application of the big one model in the smart module, where cloud computing is the big one that can't train a car company.
There is still a large gap between the supply side of the car’s computing power, below eflops. But domestic firms are also actively increasing their computing power, rising to 8 eflops at the end of the year: Plum is expected to reach 10 eflops by 2025.
Chart 20 Teslaai Calculus (h100 chip gpus) Chart 21 SuperCounter Cloud Calculus and Future Targets (eflops)
Starting in 2023, major head-car companies began to roll out a big model of a cabin. In order to match the computing requirements of a large model, major brand hosts have in recent years also been working on new and old car models for high-calculus chips.
A high-tech platinum 8155 chip was used year after year, with a combined power of 16 tops and below; a 2024 change and a new model of tackon 8295p chip were used, with a total capacity raised to 60 tops. A high-calculation chip replacement, meaning that the window period for the replacement of the stock of smart cabin products, was gradually opening.
2.2 Embrace the multi-mode class, with the city’s leading smart class business having evolved from a traditional product to an intelligent cabin product. Early on, the company focuses on traditional vehicle-borne products such as car-borne information and entertainment systems, driving information display systems and air conditioning controls.
Until 2017, the company officially introduced the smart cabin concept, initiated the intelligent transformation, and started setting up new products, such as smart cabins and smart space controllers. In 2018, the company’s first generation of smart cabin products received orders from customers, such as cars and home (now ideal cars) and Chang An, and produced in 2019.
In 2021, the company formally integrated its smart cabin business in its annual report. The previous products, such as the Carborne Information and Recreation System, together with new products such as the then smart cabin and the airspace controller, formed the company's smart cabin business. During the 2021 reporting period, the company's second generation smart cabin products were scaled up and the third generation of smart seats were produced.
At the same time, the company has joined forces to build a fourth-generation smart cabin system. So far, the company’s smart cabin business has grown steadily in traditional cabin products, and there has been a rapid increase in smart cabin products.
With regard to information and entertainment systems, companies have continued to expand their share of the global market while maintaining their domestic leadership, and in the first half of 2024 they have gained a new target for a number of clients, such as Huayan, the Wall, Mazda and Toyotaindonesia: smart cabin products, in 2023, the third generation of high-performance smart cabin products have become smart.
In the first half of 2024, the company's fourth generation smart space controller was already in the ideal car size of many customers, such as cars, Chirres, BVs, and obtained new project orders from customers, such as Chirres, Gilleys, Hiroshima and Toyota. The fifth generation of smart space products is in the research and development phase and is expected to be in progress.
Corporate smart cabin business as a whole has maintained a positive growth momentum in 2025. By the end of 2023, smart cabin business had achieved a revenue of $15,802 million, an increase of 34.42 per cent over the previous year; by 2024 h1, the company smart cabin business had achieved a revenue.
79.65 billion yuan, an increase of 27.43 per cent over the same period. The increase in the size of the collection was mainly due to the scalding of the third and fourth generation airspace controllers and the continued acquisition of new orders.
2.2.1 The airspace control continues to overlap, with a wide range of upstream and downstream clients cooperating. The domain controller is the motor vehicle electronic control unit (ecu) which is the “brain” of the vehicle control system and is responsible for receiving, handling and transmitting information to control the different functions and systems of the vehicle and ensure its proper operation and safety.
With the complexity of the automobile industry and the diversity of car functions, the number of ecus on board each vehicle is increasing to 50-100. In the past, individual ecus used to operate independently, imposing some restrictions on hardware and software upgrading throughout the plant.
In 2017, Bo divided the development of a car-wide electronic and electrical structure into six phases: modularization, functional integration, etc.
The central domain controller phase, the cross-domain integration phase, the vehicle central computer and the regional controller phase, and the vehicle cloud computing phase. Currently, Tesla is the first vehicle in the industry to complete the “central computing + regional architecture” site.
Or the imminent arrival of the “central computing + regional control platform” solution, which will drive the supply chain into a new upgrade of the graphic 26 auto electronic architecture, which accelerates the penetration of the airspace. According to the Gaethe car statistics, the Chinese market's airspace was installed in 2023.
The occupancy rate was 16.5%, up from 24q1 to 21.5%, with a delivery rate of 1,026,000 units.
Figure 28,2023h1-2024h1 Acreage-based block-loading rates The size-based competition pattern of airspace control is to be seen, suppliers’ share of the market is tied to the driver’s share, and local brands are becoming dominant.H1 of 2023, and Sook and Guangda, thanks to Tesla’s rapid pace of development in China, are at the top of the market’s list.
The share is 23.2 per cent: Desaichevy, with the rapid growth of its clients during the same period, such as the ideal car and the Chirre car, is the largest supplier in the country, with 15.6 per cent of the city: magnesium technology, billion curls, the East Fosse Group, and local suppliers such as the United Cars have also done well and become market owners.
In 2024, h1, the pattern of competition changed. Tesla’s retail sales were 28.17 million in the first half of the year, a decline of 4.19 per cent in the same year, with the consequent impact on the size of the complex and the wide range, with the second lowest market share in the first half of the year, falling to 12.1 per cent, while ideal cars and Chirres grew by more than 50 per cent over the same period last year, synchronously.
This led to a rise in the number of Desai Weiweis, which was ranked first, with 15.2 per cent in the city; a volatile market share for downstream car companies, and a decline in the shares of Sook/Wanda and Desaiwei, while other local producers, such as billion curls, cars all around the world, Huayang, and great power, showed strong power.
Figure 30224h1 Field control supplier competition patterns Chart 292023h1 Area control supplier competition patterns FDI-led domain control chip markets, home-grown chips are starting to rise.
The total market share of cards (high, amd, and Risa) is still over 80%. High is an absolute leader, up to and up to the chip program of 8295. National chips are being phased out, with a leap to 4th and 5th, with a market share of 3.8% and 3.7%, respectively, although the market share is still far from the top three suppliers, but it is above three.
As of October 2024, companies had released four generation smart space platforms, with the first three generation of products concentrated at 8 tops levels.
(b) The fourth generation of products has made a gradual breakthrough in computing, reaching 60 tops and 48 tops, respectively, supporting the multi-model integration of the ai and following the tide of the large cabin ai model; and at the same time, the company has responded to the electronics of cars.
The broad trend towards centralization of cross-domain integration will be launched in 2025, with a fifth company, based on a central computing platform, working on a long-term co-operation with Hightower chip, which has been actively exploring a national chip solution in recent years. Of the four-generation smart cabin domain control platforms that have been released by the Department, three generations have adopted a high-to-do chip solution.
In April 2023, the company was also strengthening its contacts with a national chip supplier, and in April 2023, it worked with the HDR technology to build a ds06c domain control platform: in September 2023, it took a drive abroad, and the Jevon technology contract worked together to build a global cockpit platform, "Node v5/gxv5. "
Chart 34 is a signing ceremony with Cycling Technologies. 2.2.2 The traditional products are put in place, and the new products are promoted in an orderly manner.
Motor body control, wireless communications, online entertainment, tsp services (car Internet and communications) are the manifestation of motor vehicle digitisation, networking, and intelligence. In the core configuration of the smart cabin proposed by the Gables, apart from the airspace control, the company smart cabin operations are equipped with the following features: the control screen, the full liquid crystal meters.
As of March 2024, the penetration of the medium screen, voice interaction, and car connections had exceeded 80%; the ota and whole fluids had more than 80% penetration.
The penetration rate is around 70%; while the Hud market is still a blue sea, with the company leading the market as of June 2024 for the control screens and LCDs, and the purchase of orders is currently good. As of June 2024, the company ' s market share in the control screens and LCD products was 21.70% and 12.90%, respectively.
The company was ranked first in the 2024 reporting period. The company ' s display system has obtained several new orders for offshore and offshore customers such as Chire, Gilly, Wally, Volkswagen, Toyota, Ceer, Seet, Audi, Cat, etc. The LCD instrument has been acquired with a wide-breath Eyan, a wide-breath vehicle, a single-breath Toyota, and a wide-breathing gas.
The company also actively promoted the business expansion of the new product, reporting that during the reporting period the body area controller product was in place; the Hud product and the electronic rearview mirror product also continued to receive the customer’s share in the LCD market in January-June of 392024.
Figure 402023 - 2024h1hud Top 10 domestic and foreign suppliers market share 412023 - 2024h1hud Top 10 suppliers market share (%)
Taiwan Elli, crystal light, future black technology.
Sun multimedia, viewing electronics, the laptop.
Three smart drivers: the domain control industry leads, the product programme is diverse. Smart drivers can be divided into six grades from lo to l5, depending on what they can achieve.
At this stage of diffusion, some car companies have opened the way from L2 to L3 by car. The data show that, by the first half of 2024, the penetration rate to reach L2 is more than 50% and is expected to reach 70% by 2025.
The vehicle split price shows that there is much room for raising the L2-level intellectual penetration rate below $200,000. By the end of 2023, 200,000-300,000 vehicles had the highest penetration rate of over 60%; less than 200,000 vehicles had penetration rates of less than 40%, of which 10-20 million had no penetration, and less than 100,000 vehicles had little penetration.
Car companies are actively exploring intelligent driving downsides... to capture $200,000 up to and including the smart driving market.
So far, there have been many L2-class smart driving models, among which the price of Bohae-Yu-Yu-Plus-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju.
3.1 The downward trend is significant, and the market is expected to sink, similar to the airspace control, which integrates autopilots into each other's ecu, and achieves integrated control of different ecus through one or more "central brains".
A vehicle with domain control is capable of performing vehicle perception, vehicle control, security protection, fault diagnosis, network communication, and data processing functions to varying degrees.
In January-February 2024, the overall penetration rate for intelligent domain control was 9%, compared to the same period in January-February 2023, when the penetration rate for intelligent domain control was only 0.5% in that price segment of the vehicle. The higher sales ratio, and the lower penetration rate, made vehicles below $200,000 the “crash” of a breakthrough in the overall penetration rate for intelligent domain control.
The intellectual control penetration rate is much lower than the L2-level intellectual driving penetration rate, in that it just meets the L2-level driving support capability, and does not bind the intellectual driving control. For the lo-l2 (including just reaching the L2) level, it is basically met by a front-viewing program.
At present, the L-l2 level of smart driving is more likely to be in the use of vehicles, which account for less than $200,000 in size, and the threshold of an L2 level of smart driving is reached without the allocation of intelligent domain control. But the Visual Perception Program+Arimental Chip Smart Domain Control is helping to test low-priced cars.
The previous smart driver used the laser radar program more often at the perception level to achieve noa functions, but for price reasons it was more difficult to spread to low-end vehicle types. The laser radar sensor programme was based on laser radar.
Lead, in conjunction with millimetre wave radars, ultrasound sensors, cameras, etc., to transmit information such as gauges and images into the system. By the first half of 2024, laser radars had reached 66% in passenger cars marked with high-speednoa functions; this figure was even higher in passenger cars marked with more complex urban noa functions.
100%. Because laser radar prices are high, they are not widespread in low-end vehicles. By the first half of 2024, although the prices of laser radars had declined, they were still low in less than 200,000 vehicles, of which only 0.6 million were carried in 10.2 million.
Chart 482024h1 is marked with high-speed noa laser radar pick-up ratios chart 492024h1 is marked with urban noa laser radar pick-up rates Chart 502023h1-2024h1 laser radar sub-priced block loads (millions) The visual programme is gradually becoming the mainstream of low-end vehicle IED programmes based on its value-added advantage.
Sensitization programmes do not need laser radars, but are led by cameras, which, in conjunction with hardware such as millimetre-wave radars and ultrasound sensors, transmit data such as images acquired into the system, thereby calculating information on vehicles and roads around cars.
Motor functions. Because of the low demand for hardware, visual options are less costly and easier to carry on low-priced models. Automobile data show that the cost of a set of pure visual options is at a 1,000-dollar level, for example, Tesla, and the cost of hardware for eight cameras mounted by model3 and modely is approximately $1417, equal to or less than the current price of a laser radar.
Through the delaser radar programme, a number of car companies have now achieved intelligent driving downs, containing vehicle-type prices of around $200,000 or less, representing Pelimonam03, Pelican 7+, and Dark Blues07, Deep Blues07 and Deep Blues07, all of which work with Changon.
However, because the information provided is image-based, the visual program has less information to analyse than the laser radar program, and to achieve a high-level intelligent driving function, it needs to match the smart driver of a high-calculation chip. In the case of pelicans, the recent hot selling of monam03 and the recently released p7+ model, with a high copy price of 1558,000, respectively.
And $209.98 million, each carrying two British Weld Driveorin chips with a total capacity of 508 tops, with high arithmetic domain control capable of achieving noa and high-speed noa functions in urban areas simultaneously; and other visual models with less arithmetic smart-driving domain control programmes, which currently have only high-speed noa capabilities.
So, in order for intelligent driving to be less “discounted” on low-end cars, “Visual program plus high-calculus chip intelligent domain controller” is becoming the main solution for low-priced car smart driving and is expected to lead to an increase in the overall penetration of intelligent domain controllers.
In addition to this, the Blanket One Area Control program allows intelligent driving to sink to less than $100,000 to step up the penetration of intelligent driving in low-priced vehicles. In October 2024, the traditional map manufacturer, Vitto New, convened an annual user meeting and officially launched the DLW One Prosecution.
The program, based on two separate packages of smart pods and smart drivers without the need for additional hardware, will be able to configure the product in a vehicle class of less than $100,000 to achieve a double load of the Smart + Smart. As of October of this year, the four-dimensional chart of the new one-space berthed area had delivered more than 1 million units, with a target or volume of more than 2 million units.
The data show that, in the context of intelligent driving, a one-way berth/driving domain has the potential to become the next trend in intelligent driving, helping to achieve smart driving in vehicles of less than $100,000 and raising the optimal sales driver of product 3.2, which is in the forefront of the industry.
The market share of smart-controlled suppliers is directly related to the sales performance of vehicle-borne vehicles in the terminal market. And Sok and Guangtao were the first to occupy the city in 2023; and in 2024, and Sok/Ghutt fell to the second place, with Dessehway taking the first place. The rankings changed in direct line with the sales performance of the customer ' s car.
In January-August of this year, Tesla sales rose by 0.89 per cent to the same level; however, the core client of Desailawy — think about cars — saw a larger increase of 2.38 per cent compared to 2.38 per cent compared to that of Teslader workers, who had a wider range of cooperative car types, such as ideal l7/8/9 and moga, pap5/p7/g9.
Flying f7/f9, gt/ht, and this year's sale of rice su7. In addition, Soto and Guangta, although they are more capable for generations, do not have R & D capabilities; while Dessahwei has excellent self-research intellectual control and flexible surrogate capabilities, coupled with high-quality and broad-based client groups, the company market is becoming more competitive.
In the first half of 2023 and the first half of 2024, foreign suppliers each had only one and the rest were home-grown enterprises. Taken together, local suppliers relied on multi-dimensional layouts in software and hardware, rapid product rotations, and multichip platforms.
The competition pattern of the smart-driving chip remains dominated by foreign capital. In 2023 and January-August 2024, the combined market share of the English and Teslavsd chip was more than 60%.
In addition, the two chips of the horizon, the national producer, are also on the list, with the top five consecutive cities on the horizon. The result is remarkable for the country’s intelligent chip explorers.
Mainly in the Hi model and the Hong Mengji cooperative vehicle model, the Horizon 5 model is based on a horizontal expansion of tapers, with a wide range of partnerships with mainstream clients such as Ideas, Biadei, Ulai, Upper Steam, Chirry, among others: Hicket 01 and Hesamea 1000l chips are currently in smaller number of co-operative clients, and are on a running c10 and a red flag, respectively.
In the “China-made 2025” project, China plans to achieve a 50% self-sufficiency rate for home-grown chips by 2025. With policy support and continued innovation from home-grown enterprises, the country’s home-grown chips will be in the future. Currently, some of them have, or are in the process of, self-research programmes on intelligent domain control and smart-driving chips.
Self-research programmes are more costly and are currently used for medium- and high-end models, while low-end models are used for third-party suppliers. Overall, host plant self-research domain controls/chips have less impact on third-party suppliers.
Co-operative models. Compared to the direct use of third-party intellectual domain control products, car companies conduct self-research, while mastering core technology, customize and vary products according to their own needs, but also incur costly time and financial costs. High research and development costs, which make the intellectual domain control of the current company, more often on board medium- and high-end vehicles.
On low-end vehicles of less than $200,000, the third party's smart-driving domain solution remains a more competitive option. For example, Ping, his self-researched smart-driving area control is mounted on a G6 with a price range of $19.99–270.9 million: whereas the top-up price is a monam03 and p5 with longitudes of around $150,000, respectively.
In the case of the smart-dried self-research chip, the “Turingai” chip split between the divine 9031 and the pelican is not to succeed in July and August of this year; the ideal self-research chip project, code-named “Schumacher”, is expected to be completed in July and August of this year.
This year: Biadey's chip self-research project is proceeding in an orderly fashion. Similar to self-researched intellectual domain control, auto companies also pay a high price for self-researching chips. The auto data show that the chip's development cycle takes at least 2-3 years, with a single drift cost of at least tens of millions, and the final cost of a 5nm chip could be as high as 20--
In order to recover R & D costs, depending on the individual vehicle’s self-research chip numeracy and market sales performance, the transformation can now be divided into “high-selling low-price” and “high-price low-volume” models.
Both Ping and Ping self-researched chips are designed for L4 autopilots with a capacity of 1,000+ and 750+tops, respectively. However, new power cars can't be sold for a while compared to shoulder-carried Jadis to recover the cost of development, and the road is not clear. So, super-calculating self-research chips are suitable for carrying the cost on a high-cost vehicle model.
However, the hot-sale pelimonam03 shows that a market-populated smart driver of less than $200,000 cannot make too much “diplomatic discounts” on intellectual driving functions. So, with a balance of costs and functionality, the smart-drive-controlled chip should be higher, but not too high. The new forces are now different from Biadi's self-research chip.
Positioning is super-calculus and low-calculus, which does not match the current demand for low-end intelligent driving. Thus, for the market, which has great potential for low-end intelligent driving, the third-party supplier ' s high (non-super-high) numeracy chip option remains more expensive, 3.3 operations are growing at a high rate, and the arithmetic option is flexible.
In 2016, the company officially established the Smart Driving Support Unit, which increased rapidly from $712 million in 2020 to $4,485 million in 2023, with an average annual recovery growth rate of 84.66 per cent, while the smart business was the second largest major business in the company, with a rising share.
ipu02 and ipu03 are low arithmetic and are about 30 tops and below, of which ipu03 has been loaded on two models: pp5 and p7; ipu04 is a high-calculation system platform that can reach 110 to 1016 tops according to demand, and is now in the ideal car, peng, Lutus,
The company follows the trend of moving/driving together. The solution of intelligent driving between the power zones was released in October 2024, in cooperation with Chirre.
The product, which is provided by Chiré with a whole vehicle resource, and Dewey, which has been tasked with the development of the body, has now successfully implemented a module integration function on a live vehicle. The company will facilitate the fast landing of the product within one year.
Chart 64 Desaiway's "8775-class drive together" product show, Chart 63 is a live drive package, and company smart cabin operations cover traditional vehicle-car products such as information entertainment systems, driving information display systems (showing).
Screens, instrumentation, etc., and intelligently-directed airspace controllers, which account for billions of dollars, have continued to make breakthroughs in overseas markets, and further growth is sustainable. We anticipate that, at the same time, overseas orders will be phased in, and we anticipate a slight decline in the Māori rate of operations, respectively.
The company’s smart driving business is based on intellectual domain control as a core income product. In 2023, the company’s new smart driving program was set to sell $8 billion a year, and the industry’s high-level smart driving function was scaled up to a high-growth commercial opportunity.
Cars, Walls, Volkswagen Eyans, new orders from a number of mainstream customers, such as the Upper General and the East Wind Nitrogen, have been continuously raised; the company's lightweight smart-driving domain control products have been endorsed by a number of customers and have been identified with new projects such as Chir's car, a red flag, and so on. With the gradual transformation of the orders, we expect the company's smart driving industry.
As cars become intelligent and networked, the piloting of smart network cars and access to roads accelerates, corporate althea funding focuses on the efficient integration of three main areas of smart cabins, smart driving and network services, and companies publish plans to raise funds for capacity-building while setting up a plan for the development of a board-of-the-mill platform.
The current ISP operations are smaller in size than other operations and are expected to grow at a rate of depth focused on efficient integration of car intelligence, deployment of smart compartments, smart driving, smart network connections, and break-through to overseas markets, covering for the first time and giving companies an “enhanced” rating.
We've chosen the Wind auto parts - auto electronics industry, benefiting from innovation in the new energy, smart chemicals industry, with market value of only Sesavi's share in Astro, Koboda, all-electronics, Huayang Group as comparable public department, with an average of 23.91/18.30 x in 2024/2025, compared to the size of the company's smart driving track.
Large, pe is relatively above the industry average. 1) Automobile sales are below expectations, car intelligence is becoming more widespread, and companies are affected by overall sales as leading companies in the automotive electronics industry.
The company will further adjust the diversification of its client structure and the pace of production of the targeted vehicle will affect the delivery of revenue.
The company’s rising raw materials add up to the high competition of downstream customers, and its business performance is at a downside risk. Ma’s/Swe’s voice technology has occupied positions in the core business sectors of strategy, markets, products, and research, with multi-year experience in primary and secondary markets, a multilatitude research perspective and deep insight into electronic + automobile/industry + finance, and full coverage of the automobile industry.
Internet companies, financial and industrial combinations, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives in vendor research. The third and new contacts in 2015 and 2017: Chen Feiwoo, M.A., University of Melbourne, mainly covering car intelligence and chassis orientation.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.