The core barrier to conch cement (600585.sh) is cost leadership and excellent cost control.
The present report attempts to explore the question of what is the core competitiveness of conch cement? In our view, the core competitiveness of conch is cost control, and the “t”-type strategy refers to conch enrichment in limestone.
In the implementation of the “t” strategy, the conch established its advantage at the end of the cost, at a cost of $179 per ton of cement.
Largely below industry level ($208/ton). Effective cost-side control is another way of winning the rapid growth of the conch, with a cost rate of 6.0 per cent well below the average of 12.7 per cent. Corporate logic: core competitiveness is low production costs and low cost rates.
A “t”-type strategy in the East China region, the establishment of a base station with a rich and high-quality limestone mine, and the use of low transport costs for the Yangtze logistics to transport the clinker downstream to a resourceless but strong cement demand, compares the Unit with a trend of 300 deep.
Long-triangular areas, with their own residual heat generating units, reducing the cost of electricity. Billion dollars, estimated at 14 billion tons, at a cost of only 0.34 yuan per ton (HCN:0.27 per ton).
Waterway transport from Wuhan to Nanjing is valued at $22.80 per ton, and rail transport costs $104.44 per ton. Waterway transport costs 21.83 per cent of railways.
The cost of producing sites is reduced by 10-50% for the transport of cement products. The total capacity of the company ' s residual thermal power generation is 1183mw, generating about 7.1 billion kWh per year, generating an annual income of 4.3 billion yuan, and in 2019, generating a total of 1811mw, generating an annual income of about 6 billion yuan.
Cost: 6.0 per cent. Cost is far lower than 12.7 per cent for industry.
Recovering the benefits of domestic cement-led enterprises: currently 1.82 billion tons of clinker production, expected over the next three years, in the context of the industry's reduced capacity
The clinker production capacity will stabilize at 1.8 billion tons. By 2020, the cement industry will be able to produce 39.27 million tons, of which the north-east region will have the wrong peak: 42.5 class cement prices averaged $448/ton in 2019 and 32.5 class cement prices averaged 430/ton per year.
Year after year, cement prices will continue to climb in the fourth quarter of 2020, with the growth of critical infrastructure and real estate investments (the Western Great Development) following the faulty peaks of production and the steady growth of the epidemic, with 42.5 class cement prices projected to be 470 tonnes/tons/tons/tons/tons/tons/centres of 32.5 class cement prices for the whole of 2020.
Product analysis: Corporate cement revenue as a percentage of total revenue was 69 per cent, with 42.5 grade Cement as a percentage of 50.38 per cent; Class Cement ton sales were about $30/ton higher than Class 32.5 Cement, which was therefore accompanied by the withdrawal of Class 32.5 Cement, which is expected to increase further.
Price analysis: Cement + clinker sales are estimated at 342 million tons in 2020, combined selling price at 350 yuan/tonne. Cement + clinker combined sale price at $336 in conch + clinker in 2019, an increase of 1.5 per cent in the same year (US$ 331 in 18). We expect Cement + clinker prices at 350 yuan, 360 yuan/tonne in 2020-2021, an increase of 4 per cent,
3 per cent, mainly due to the increase in the price of cement as a result of the industry ' s no-power + inflation. Marketing analysis: due to the epidemic, the cumulative value of real estate investment completed in January-April 2020 was negative at 3.3 per cent; however, as the epidemic was effectively managed, the return to work was almost complete, with the result that the company was able to return to production.
And the government’s fiscal deficit rate rises + protest against the issuance of state debt + Western Great Development + Capital Reits. We're judging that the capital growth rate will return to positive growth in the second half of the year, so it is expected to grow by 6 per cent in 2020 + clinker.
The net gain was $33,593 million, an increase of 12.66 per cent over the same period. The 730 meeting reaffirmed the spirit of “stay in the house”, and it is expected that the demand for cement in real estate will slow or even shrink over the next two years, but that the impact of the outbreak on the western + the development of the capital reits will be more or less substantial; therefore, we expect the harvest of the conch in 2020.
The risk of falling cement prices and declining downstream demand. - The sales of conch cement are 298 million tons, the second highest in the world.
(i) Sea conch cement: the world’s largest single brand cement supplier, Ensign conch cement, was formed on 1 September 1997 from the Ning National Cement Plant, established in 1978, and was placed on a trade (0914.hk) on 21 October 1997 at the landing port, which opened the first river to be marketed outside China’s cement industry.
On 7 February 2002, it landed at a drop-off site (600585.sh). The conch cement opened the way for low investment and nationalization in our cement industry, with the construction of the first demonstration line of 4,000 tons of new dry French production per day, the first of tons of water per day, the production line of clay clinkers, the first base for the production of millions of tons of clinker, and the first set of equipment for the generation of electricity from pure low-temperature residual heat.
Year after year, the company built 50 million tons of super-cooked clinker bases in bronze mausoleum, Inde, Chizhou, Xiaoyang, Lake Luang, and four 12,000 tons of daily production lines in Anhui Lake, Copper mausoleum, and Guangdongyangchun. To date, An engraved conch cement has won the reputation of “World Cement for China, China Cement for Sea conch” and Sea conch cement is the world's largest single.
A branded supplier, and one of the largest production bases in the world. “Commonization + stock transformation”, stable equity structure, “State + stock transformation” breaks corporate constraints.
Transfer of some state-owned assets to raise funds to supplement social pension insurance and to settle the reintegration fund for retired soldiers.
13.07 per cent (Gou Wen 3.2 per cent) of the shares, the management has achieved a convergence of corporate benefits and personal interests, and the management has been motivated to lead corporate operations.
Corporate logic: low strategic costs of the “t” type in the east of China: conversion of small and medium-sized cement plants into powder mills based on the Anhui Clinker + Yangjiang Logistics + Long Triangular Acquisition; 6.0 per cent less than 12.7 per cent in the industry
We believe that the rapid development of the conch lies in the implementation of a “t”-type strategy, the establishment of a clinker base station in a rich limestone mine, the transport of clinker produced in Anhui province to cement demand through self-built docks and low-cost Yangjie logistics, and the acquisition of small and medium-sized cement mills in resourceless but well-developed areas to reduce market development costs.
In 2019, conch cement was sold at a ton price ($336 per ton) consistent with industry ($339 per ton) and achieved a ton cost ($179 per ton; industry: $208 per ton) and a ton net gain ($105 per ton).
Tons: Industry: $65/ton), Cost rate (Girl: 6.0 per cent: Industry: 12.7 per cent) overall ahead of industry level. (i) T-type development strategy for conch cement t, which started in 2000, “t”-type development strategy for limestone-rich land on the Yangtze coast
Construction and expansion of clinker production bases in the region: low-cost acquisition of small cement plants in coastal areas where there are no resources but where the cement market is well developed, and conversion to cement milling stations, resulting in local production of cement. This has led to the formation of the t-type battle along the river coast “clinking base plus cement milling stations”.
According to the Mineral Resources Master Plan (2016-2020), in Anhui Province there are 30 ash deposits in cement, 15 in large, medium and 24 in unused areas, with an additional reserve of 5,143 million tons. Sea conch cement is located in raw material production sites, large production bases are set up, and the capacity of the Yangtze waterway is used to transport its products to large-scale cement downstream of the Yangtze River.
In this set of strategic layouts, the conch takes to the extreme the cost control of all three parts of the cost. Cement has a transport radius of 200 km of roads, 500 km of railways, 1,500 km of waterways, which is higher than the transport radius.
Figure 3: The concht-type strategy has the main advantage of having the company ' s large clinker production base built in limestone-rich areas for raw materials.
The company's development should be ensured: a high concentration of clinker production can take full advantage of its size: also using convenient shipping conditions to expand the company's geographical distribution: clinker adds 10-50% of the auxiliary materials, such as slags, volcanic rock, etc., when powdered into cement. Most of these materials are available.
Companies can save between 10 and 50 per cent of transport costs by exporting clinker to their sales sites. Third, companies buy low-cost local small and medium-sized cement businesses at their sales sites and transform them into milling stations, both to address the impact of local small cement on their products and to replace local products with local products that reduce the risk of competition in the market.
(ii) Cost of raw materials + logistics + acquisition of milling stations for small and medium-sized cement plants to reduce market openings + low cost of electricity to build low-cost moats
The cost of conch cement leads by four components: “clinker base + river transport + milling station + electricity cost.” The basis for the clinker is in scale production costs, the river is in logistics costs, the milling station is in mix material costs, and the power cost is in power. The conch has achieved four extremes, achieving a full lead in cement production costs.
1 Raw materials: large reserves, low unit cost Raw materials: conch cement was established when its main production base was the Ning nation Cement Plant, the White Ma Hill Cement Plant, the Copper Sea Snail, etc., was granted a mineral rights licence by the Geology and Minerals Bureau of Angé Province; in 2008, it was acquired, among other things, the port conch.
The company has a high-quality limestone resource. In terms of reserves, the conch has its home in Anse, which has a sufficient quantity and a high quality limestone mine, which has a reserve after Shaanxi. The province’s limestone mine is located essentially within 20 kilometres of the Yangtze River, and the logistics of the mineral raw materials can take full advantage of the river’s water transport advantages (carrying the clinker from the production base to the docks through the belt).
It is estimated that 60% of the limestone resources are used (about 90% of the formal limestone resources are used, about 40% of the civil mine resources are used, and the amount of civil mining is larger than mechanized) and 85.940 billion tons of the limestone resources are stored in our country.
About 14 billion tons (as a result of limestone reserves* in the city of conch cement) and $4.81 billion in mining rights for conch cement mines at the end of 2019, the value of conch cement limestone mines is estimated at $440 billion.
In 2017, the six central ministries issued an Implementation Opinion on the Accelerated Construction of Green Mines, which plans to develop by 2020 a new model of mining development that meets the requirements of eco-civilization and essentially a new pattern of construction of green mines. During the same period, the resources of the mines were managed with a new idea of “green mining, intensive mining, large-scale mining”, while the resources of the mines were strengthened.
Environmental strength of mining. Compared to the price of individual limestone mining rights in 2012 and 2017 (the 2012 project was Fukukun Lissen Cement “Palestone Mine, Shale Light Feeding Minerals Project”, limestone price is $4.68/t: 2017 Project