Deep Reciprocal Cement Industry, Lump Valuation Utility uplifting Space — Conch Cement (600585.sh) In-depth Report Tail Cement: Deep Reciprocal Cement Industry, Lunner Values uplifting Space
The high profits in the cement industry will be sustained in the medium term.
We believe that the domestic cement industry can maintain higher prices and profitability over the next three years, based on the domestic market patterns, supply elasticity, and the need for steady employment and a stable economy. Under the current constraints, the output of the manufacturers is more elastic than downward; and the overall pattern is better, local.
Even under pessimistic conditions, the domestic cement industry is able to withstand the need to lower 200 million tons while maintaining higher prices and profitability.
The long-term demand for cement will not collapse. The long-term demand for cement will tend to decline with the intensity of construction, but it will be more comfortable with the country’s development path and its economic structure, taking into account industry patterns, the longer cycle of maintenance of high demand for cement, and the fluctuations in the downswing process, with the offshore cement industry not having such an excellent policy environment and market pattern in the country.
Cement demand is less likely to collapse when the economy is hit. Based on the experience of countries with mature cement industries such as Japan, France, South Korea and the United States, total cement demand can be disproportionately high, ranging from 10 to 15 years; the advantage of the first demand, the conch cement tap, is further highlighted. As the single largest producer, conch cement is the global cement industry.
Models, based on a “t-type strategy” of continuous deep-deeping, rapidly distributed across the country, with costs, capacity and utilization, and time rates rising, while accelerating diversification and overseas business expansion, will provide a 5 billion-volume Māori increment in the future.
The pb-roe valuation method is more suitable for the cement industry because of the small variation. As the high profile continues, the conch pb hub is gradually rising: the company’s reasonable level of pb is around 2.5x in the context of a projected 20% high Roe in 2020-2021, and the risk rate of return is still sufficiently attractive.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Risk factors: Real estate investments are not growing as fast as expected, capital investments are not as expected, cement prices are falling significantly, and the epidemic is recurring. The cement industry will maintain high profits in the medium term.
Price poles have risen continuously, after macro-leveraging in 2018, which led to a drop in the depth of fixed-asset investment, the demand for real estate resilience support in 2019, and the impact of the early 2020 public health event on the downstream. Maintaining better profit levels over a longer period of time, as a cycle, is under considerable pressure to return to averages and suppress industry estimates.
The higher concentration of the industry guarantees a better competitive order, the existing “balance” is stronger, and the new production can be strictly controlled to avoid shocks to the existing pattern. The characteristics of the industrial policy city continue to strengthen the elasticity of the production capacity, which guarantees that companies will not be able to raise their capacity by increasing it at about 80%.
And demand will remain more resilient in the medium term. Capital construction is more certain as an important catch-up to the economic downturn, while property policy is less likely to tighten further with a stable price of “sheltered” housing, with a modest marginal easing of the property sector from the supply side to guarantee local government fund income.
Volatility, which in turn supports the smooth implementation of local government policies for secure employment, a stable economy, sound expectations, and a stable infrastructure. At the same time, increasing the issuance of special-purpose debt, reducing part of the price of Cement by 1.1.1, gradually uncoupling economic volatility. Domestic demand for cement by 2015 is closely linked to the gdp and fixed-asset investment acceleration, with high economic growth-led demand growth leading to a substantial expansion of firms.
Gdp growth and capital asset investment have slowed since 2010, leading to a slowdown in cement production; real estate regulation in 2014-2015 has led to a significant decline in demand, with industry-wide losses as a result of breaking the old weak balance; supply-side reforms in 2016 have banned additional capacity, combined production at fault in 2017, and supply and demand have been in the new norm for four years with moderate medium- and long-term demand; and real estate demand has been resiliently pushing cement prices and industrial profitability in 2018-2019.
Central: Cement prices have fallen in early 2020 as a result of public health events, but have not exceeded the seasonal turnaround. Cement prices have gradually declined in relation to the growth in demand and even economic growth, and industrial policies, market competition patterns, and industrial regional cooperation, which have contributed to this situation in the medium term, have not changed.
1.1.2 The supply-side elastic and dry-market expectations. Cement, as a cyclical industry, is usually used as an indication of changes in the supply-demand relationship, and concentration is an important indication of the state of the industry’s competing patterns. Cement products have no alternatives in the visible range, and changes in supply-demand margins directly determine changes in the industry’s climate, with concentration as an important safeguard for maintaining the climate and determining changes in the climate.
At the same time, cement is unsavory and of low value, transport radius is small, single-line size advantages are prominent, output concentration is high in a given region, production lines are more exclusive, finance barriers to production line construction are relatively high, and the longer construction cycle makes it difficult to continue to increase intraregional capacity rapidly in the short term. Thus, in analysing the landscape of the cement industry, the marginality of supply and demand changes will be seen in the short term, while the weight of industrial concentration will increase in the medium to long term.
With the completion of active and passive decapitulation in the cement industry in 2013-2017, the total domestic production of cement clinker is stable, with additional production of around 20 million tons (1%) per year, and the original unbuilt and unmanufactured capacity replacement capacity is expected to be completed in 2-3 years, with less room for upward capacity. But weak capacity elasticity is not a production constraint. In the case of an overall excess capacity, capacity utilization is a determining factor in production.
Increased concentration in the industry and strict policy enforcement are the main reasons behind this relatively low capacity utilization at higher profit levels: for cement enterprises, profits are more important than production and market share, and production captures a smaller share of the market.
The oligarchy pattern is an important support for market stability. The national concentration of cement continued to rise in 2016, reaching almost 57% in cr10 and stable in 2016, but the level of cr10 at 57% was not sufficient to allow the industry to have such excellent collaborative capacity and production control in 2017-2019. By provincial region, the concentration of cr10 in major cement demand areas, such as East, China, Northeast, and Southwest, was more than 65%.
In the absence of new capacity shocks, the market share of producers is stable, there is no incentive to increase production by increasing production capacity, and prices and profits are the most important consideration for producers. In the cement industry plus, joint price controls are more important than output growth.
Taking demand data into account, it is possible to compare our individual provinces with overseas countries. Although the overall number of cement manufacturers is still high, the region is stronger, and the individual provinces of Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Guangdong produce more than most of the world’s countries, so that the overall concentration, as well as the leading companies’ productivity rates, are relatively high, and the regional collections are more moderate than the digital dimension, as well as their ability to control production.
Cement prices did not go beyond the seasonal retrenchment when they remained relatively high in the first quarter of 2020. Producers did not increase production to capture the market, reducing capacity utilization to 40%, the national average price of cement fell from a peak of $505/tonne to 450 tonnes, the 10% decline in total capacity could be slashed by pressure on capacity utilization, and, in the case of coordinated production patterns, adding capacity would not have an impact on production and supply and demand patterns, and
At the same time, the historical legacy is still being addressed at an accelerated pace, and the production of the faulty peaks of electro-stone production in Ningxia, Gansu, etc., will be strictly enforced after 2020: the Guangxi region capacity replacement policy further clarifies that cross-provincial target capacity conversion is prohibited and that priority is given to completing 3 million tons of capacity in the province, which will help to further optimize supply and demand patterns in both areas. (2) Cement demand will not collapse in 2020-2021.
3.5:4.5:2 The decline in rural cement consumption can be roughly inferred from the increase in bulk cement consumption (environmental, signage factors also have important implications). After 2016, cement production was less correlated with the rate of increase in capital and real estate investment, mainly due to the lack of industry capacity, partial capacity statistics and statistical elasticity of production. The cumulative rate of cement production in 2019 was roughly comparable to the average rate of increase in capital and real estate investment.
While the domestic epidemic affects downstream construction and suppresses the demand for cement, it will increase the pressure for a stable economy, secure employment, and steady growth, leading to higher expectations for investment in infrastructure and real estate. In terms of current domestic policy, the foundation is in the main direction, while there is a greater likelihood of investment in real estate; in the second half of 2020, the real estate sector is at the end of the supply line, mainly in the form of increased land supply based on tight housing prices, and less easy financing by real estate producers to stabilize real estate investments.
The growth in capital investment is largely dependent on the increase in local government-specific debt, and the main growth points in 2020 include an increase in the proportion of special-purpose debt invested in capital, special-purpose debt used as capital, and a reduction in the proportion of capital invested in some projects. According to our calculations, with the above factors in mind, the neutral rate of capital growth is expected to increase by 8-10%, corresponding to a shorter period of 2020, with a gradual supply strain on cement production in the event of a run-off downstream.
Table 2. At the same time, taking into account the specific debt as capital (millions of yuan), there may be a similar situation with respect to property affected by the epidemic, which started in 2018, and the trend towards the transfer of investments from previous to back-to-back construction and completion in the second half of 2019, which may have an impact on the demand for cement, but the disease in 2020
This may partly reverse the trend, temporarily disrupting the pace of completion of property and refocusing investment on start-up projects. The epidemic has led local governments to relax their policy restrictions on late handover.
Real estate, as the cornerstone of the country’s economic stability, remains a “household-in-the-house” policy, while stable real-estate investment remains critical for local governments. Real estate markets can be considered both supply and demand-side, while there is marginal supply-resort space under the umbrella of “home-in-the-house” policies to control housing prices.
With regard to real estate development funds, it is expected that property producers will be less affected than they were in 2019, that restrictions on real estate financing will be difficult to increase further, and that property financing costs will be significantly lower when liquidity continues to ease in 2020. Pre-sales (deals and pre-sales, personal mortgages) are expected to decline as sales increase.
Assuming that domestic loans and self-financing are increasing at a rate of 5 pcccs relative to 2019, even if pre-sales and personal mortgages are increasing at a rate of 10.7 per cent and 15.1 per cent in 2019, the impact is still relatively small under pessimistic scenarios, assuming that cement consumption is down 2 per cent from 2019, about 50 million tons, and that the average production of 7 million tons per day in 2019 is equivalent to an increase of about 7 days in production at the wrong peak, or
In the context of cooperation, the impact on prices is smaller. (3) The limestone “resourceization” trend will increase supply contractions.
In the east and south-east of China, in particular, early cement manufacturers are closer to the main city, and some of the mines and clinker production lines are being relocated or dismantled. In order to facilitate transport, mines and clinker production lines are closer to rivers, lakes, etc., more limestone mines are expected to be closed when environmental and ecological considerations become more important.
The development of cement as a basic capital item is closely linked to infrastructure, real estate, and, in the long term, to economic development and demographic decisions, but in the short term the marginality of supply and demand determines the industry’s climate. Cement is best competitive in the cyclical sector, and the existing “tightly balanced” market pattern with high prices will be maintained over the medium term of the next three years. (1) Changes in marginal supply and demand will determine prices and profits, and the prices of cement are far more measured by manufacturers than production and market shares, and good market patterns will be available when demand slows down.
The demand side is less likely to fall sharply in the short term, capital investment will pick up at a higher rate, cement will not collapse in the long term, and domestic cement demand will be more certain in the long run as the intensity of construction decreases, but based on the country's development path and economic structure, and taking into account industry patterns, we expect cement to be needed.
Taking into account the countercyclical nature of domestic infrastructure and the ability of governments to control real estate, cement demand is less likely to collapse when the economy is hit. Based on the historical experience of developed countries like Japan, France, South Korea, and the US, total cement demand is likely to have a double peak, possibly at a distance of more than 10-15 years.
The duration of the platform of demand after peak levels has been maintained for more than 10 years; in terms of the magnitude of the downturn, the peak in domestic cement demand was 15 - 20 per cent in 2014, (1) in the event of a double peak in domestic cement demand, it would correspond to the initial slowdown after rapid domestic economic growth (2014) and the countercyclical stimuli when the economic downward pressure was high (expected to be 2021 - 2022). The peak in domestic cement production was 2,476 million tons in 2014 and 12.1 per cent by 2018, respectively, and is expected to continue thereafter.
(2) Japan, Korea, and France have experienced an accelerated downward trend in cement demand after the second peak of demand, with a long-term decline of more than 40%. This is due to the structural structure of the economy, Japan’s collapse in real estate bubbles, and Korea’s faster transition to high-tech industries.
The decline in demand is lower than in countries such as Japan and Korea. 2.1 Total cement production is likely to have a double peak, with 2.1.1 per capita cement demand peaking at about $1.25 million per capita of gdp.
Although no other country has historically been comparable to ours in absolute production data, the development of our cement industry and its future return are monitored by the laws of France, Japan, South Korea, the United States, and Taiwan, China, which have experienced a full development cycle. The demand for cement is closely linked to the intensity of domestic investment (mainly infrastructure, real estate, manufacturing, etc.), and fixed capital formation in relation to gdp levels, urbanization rates, etc.
Capital formation peaked when gdp reached 1.2-15 million per capita or the rate of urbanization reached 70 per cent, with total cement consumption and per capita consumption peaking. In 2019, the average per capita gdp was around $10,000, with an urbanization rate of about 60 per cent, with a possible difference of about 20 per cent from the top. The ratio of fixed asset formation to gddp was roughly u-type (or umbrella) with gdp, which determined the relationship between per capita cement demand and per capita gdp.
Figure 11: Cement consumption per capita and gdp per capita in 2008
In terms of total cement demand, Japan, South Korea, and the United States are experiencing double peaks in total cement demand, while Taiwan and France are not, and can be explained by the size of the country/area, total economy, and total population. Japan, the United States, etc., have a larger economy and a larger population, with population and economy as a whole growing faster at the time of the first peak in cement production; and subsequent economic release.
The US President Reagan’s economic recovery program following the two oil crises of the 1980’s, George W. Bush’s stimulus to domestic demand for cement following the collapse of the Internet bubble in 2001, Japan’s re-engineering program continued from the 1970’s to the collapse of the 1991 economic bubble, and the excessive boom in the real-estate market since the signing of the 1985 Hiroshima Agreement, all boosted cement demand to a greater extent.
The small size of the earth and the relatively low size of the human settlement gdp, which led to the transition to high-technology industries after the slowdown, has left no double peaks or double peaks in cement demand. Compared to the structure of the country’s economy and its development path, the share of investment in economic growth has remained relatively high for a longer period of time, and the economy has suffered from economic shocks.
According to Japan's development experience, the largest decline in cement demand was around 14 per cent (1980-1987) following the first peak in demand. The biggest decline in the United States was 30 per cent (1970-1982) following the impact of the two oil crises, and the larger decline in United States cement demand was caused by the impact of the oil crisis, which led to a rapid rise in cement prices driven by rising domestic energy prices, from $20 in 1970 to $65 in 1982, which was more than 200 per cent; the period was already characterized by urbanization in the United States.
This was completed (urbanization rate of 74%). At that time, the United States experienced high domestic inflation, with real growth of gdp falling to a negative level, and a greater suppression of cement demand. Thus, the largest decline in domestic demand for cement in the platform period is expected to be similar to that of Japan, at around 15-20%, which is lower than the decline in the United States.
Figure 17: Data on cement production in Korea, France and Taiwan, China (thousand tons) 2.2 will maintain long-term high demand per capita after peaks, while, in per capita data, there is an overall downward trend in demand after peaks, with a much larger rate and magnitude of decline in the development economic structure and per capita gdp in each country
France and Japan had relatively high per capita gdp, with per capita demand peaking in the 1970s and 1980s, while per capita gdp remained at a rapid upswing and correspondingly high demand sustained for a relatively long time; while South Korea and Taiwan, China, experienced a rapid decline after peaking in the 20th century, mainly because of their small economic aggregates and accelerated transition to high-technology industries before and after the Asian financial crisis. So, considering the share of capital and real estate in the economy as compared to Japan’s 1980-90 period, the country’s cement demand situation was more similar.
As if Japan, with its peak, will continue its long cycle of high demand. As a result of our catch-up economic development model, both industrialization and urbanization are faster than at the same stage in the developed world; the structural factors of the domestic economy determine capital formation/gdp than in countries like Japan, leading to higher per capita cement production in the country and a higher cumulative cement production in the corresponding period.
The Asian countries were generally high in 800-1000 kg/year, with a cumulative per capita production of 15-20 tons by maturity; while our peak per capita production was 1.8-1.9 tons/year, the first peak in 2014 would be 21.5-22 tons/capita production per capita and is projected to be 29 tons/year by 2019. But by 2019, our per capita production of gdp was less than $10,000, and there was still a distance from the average per capita production of gdp of cement in developed countries to $1.2-15 million/year.
2.3 The cement industry in developed countries has experienced more than two industrial consolidations, and owing to the low technical barriers, high homogenization and adequate supply of raw materials in the cement industry, almost all countries have experienced overcapacity, while de-capacitation and mass integration are essential routes, taking into account the history of the development of the cement industry in Japan and the United States of America, and more than two de-capitulation and concentration upgrading processes are expected in the future.
The industry will continue to experience a large-scale process of de-productivity and concentration. (1) The United States experience with the recovery of the United States economy after World War II led to demand growth in the cement industry, a simultaneous rapid increase in cement production and production, and a high rate of capacity utilization, which became national in 1955.
The output utilization rate reached a high of 94.3%. Subsequently, the output growth rate exceeded the demand, overcapacity became apparent, and the production rate of cement (mainly portlandment) fell to 71.4% by 1961, with a higher rate of growth, followed by the phase-out of the production capacity behind it and a gradual recovery in capacity utilization, which was restored to a high level of 90.6% before the 1972 oil crisis and completed the first stage of de-capitulation; the backward capacity phase was phased out, advanced capacity was increased and single-line capacity was increased.
This phase was dominated by domestic market producers, new technology production to replace backward capacity, and integration among domestic producers. The two oil crises between 1973 and 1980 led to a slowdown in economic development and high inflation, pushing for a rapid phase-out of high-cost productive capacity, while demand fell to crush new production.
It is possible to invest in progress and maintain stability after a small decline in production capacity; it is possible to maintain a rapid decline in production interest rates and to maintain a capacity utilization rate of less than 80 per cent for more than 18 years from 1975 to 1993; total capacity is maintained at a steady slight decline, with output utilization declining by about 69 per cent from its high point in 1980 to its lowest point in 1992. During this period, demand pressure and high costs together have led to relative price stability (figure 14/15). Industry has suffered external shocks, earnings have declined significantly, and European cement dragons, Rafaki, Hyde, have experienced a sharp decline in production.
In terms of industry patterns, they remain fragmented during the period 1965-1970, when demand slowed, with a level close to 27.2% per year in 1974 cr5 and cr10, respectively, so that there may be a continuation of the process of further concentration through enterprise mergers and acquisitions at an earlier stage, and there is a gap at this stage between domestic concentration of cement and European and Japanese concentration levels (also taking into account the size of the country and regional concentration).
(2) The collapse of cement demand as a result of the bursting of real estate bubbles in Japan as a country with a high dependence on infrastructure and real estate during the rapid development phase, Japan has more similarities with China, so the development of the cement industry has a relatively strong point of reference. Japan benefited from the 30-year period of high growth (similar to the beginning of the Korean War) from the 1950s, with a partial impact during the two oil crises, but later on.
By 2017, Japan’s cement production had fallen by only 59 million tons, or 40% from its peak of nearly 100 million tons. The process of defunct capacity of Japanese cement could be divided into two phases: the defunct capacity of 1974-1984 and the defunct capacity of 1991 after the collapse of the real estate bubble.
After 2017, the country increased its regulation of real estate, using capital as the main instrument of countercyclical regulation, and was able to avoid much of the old road of the Japanese housing bubble. Japan’s housing prices began to fall in 1991 and land prices began to fall in 1992, but cement demand continued to grow, supported by stocks and exports, until 1996
My country’s real-estate stock fell to low levels in 2015, with real-estate prices largely contained after 2017, with real-estate bubbles far lower than in Japan in the 1985-1990’s, and real-estate industries are less likely to repeat Japan’s post-1995 failure. For capital goods like cement, steel, and others, it is possible to maintain a relatively high demand level for a long time after the first peak, without a significant fall in demand as a result of the bursting of the bubble.
Diversifying and expanding overseas contribution and profit multipliers, conch cement, faced with a single business risk in the cement industry, depends on its dominant resources to diversify its operations in the country while expanding its productive capacity abroad. Since 2016, it has accelerated the expansion of bone and concrete operations as up and down of the industrial chain, which are more synergistic with cement and can take advantage of upstream mineral resources, downstream customers, etc.
On the overseas side, the production capacity of conch cement is mainly in Indonesia, the largest demand country in South-East Asia, where it is expected to account for a larger share of the Indonesian market in terms of the size of the production capacity, market competition patterns, and the business environment: it is also following the “one-way” policy, with conch being distributed along the land lines of Myanmar, Cambodia, Laos, etc., which are smaller with the market but are in the initial stages of development, the cement industry lags behind, supply lags behind, prices are relatively good, profits are high and future profits are larger.
Bones are closely linked to concrete as a cement-related product, demand and prices, with lower values and smaller transport radiuss, which determine their regional strength, but conch and cement-like business layouts, using ensign mine resources and riverways, deliver bone materials at low cost to long triangles with higher prices. Concrete operations, companies rely on their own cement clinker resources, large customer advantages, etc., to achieve higher levels of profitability than industry.
From the development history of leading offshore companies, cross-regional business expansion and diversification is a process that has evolved to a certain stage, where it can contribute to the corresponding levels of revenue and profits. Cement taps have a clear advantage in bone and concrete operations, and there are more successful precedents for using technological advantages to expand operations like environmental protection.
Transregional expansion is fundamental to the ability of leading firms abroad to expand their capacity in emerging markets and to enjoy high growth and profitability in the region. Sea conch offshore operations are concentrated in Indonesia, with a total planned output of 20 million tons and an actual output of 10 million tons per month, or about 8-9% of Indonesia’s capacity.
Cement will gain a market share in Indonesia that is matched by capacity by management and technological advantages. At the same time, companies will accelerate the pace of production in Laos, Cambodia, Myanmar, etc., after 2015. By the end of 2019, the total output of the three countries had reached 20 million tonnes/year (slightly lower equity capacity).
Countries such as Viet Nam, Indonesia, etc. import. Foreign markets are difficult to reach domestic market capacity and profit levels in 2019, but conch cement can also contribute to higher levels of revenue and profits after the production of more than 35 million tons of productive capacity in South-East Asia. 3.1 The market for boneworks is fragmented, environmental policies promote industrial integration, and resource-oriented firms enjoy high levels of profit.
3.1.1 The domestic osteoporosis market is fragmented. According to data from China ' s sandstone bone network, the country ' s demand for bone was 18 billion tons per year in 2017. In 2019, cement production was 2.33 billion tons, with an average ratio of cement and bone material in concrete at around 1.6 billion tons, and the need for bone material in cement concrete at about 14 billion tons, plus asphalt concrete at about 18-20 billion tons per year.
According to the China Sandstone Association's “13th Five-Five” Development Plan for the Sandstone Industries (Application Draft), the share of small-scale mines producing less than 500,000 tons per year was 63% in 2016, while the share of 50 to 1 billion tons was 25%, and more than 5 million tons was only 12% since 2017, with environmental protection and ecological protection.
Increased protection, illegal mining, accelerated closure of small mines, and high demand for capital investment and real estate have led to an oversupply of bone prices across the country, accelerated expansion of production capacity by large and large local enterprises with resource advantages, especially in areas with a strong demand for long triangles and bead triangles, and increased overall concentration of large-scale production capacity. As the production of gravel remains, in addition to the mining licence required for some of the mines, other approval processes are shorter, and technical and financial requirements are low.
In addition to domestic cement manufacturers using the industrial chain to facilitate the production of sandbones, downstream construction enterprises (such as iron construction in China, the Gojia dam, etc.), local enterprises, and other mining enterprises (the thin coal group, etc.) have also made significant efforts to expand the production capacity of sandbone. Construction investment in capacity expansion is low, with the cost per unit of energy investment in addition to mining rights being only around 30 to 100 yuan, and cost recovery is expected over two years for higher-priced areas, and the pattern of supply shortages in the industry is expected to reverse in the next two years.
Because of the low value of the sandstone bone, its transport distance is closer, with transport distance generally within 200 km/(tonne/km) based on the unit price of 0.2-0.4 yuan per car transport. The conch, relying on the edge of the limestone mine in Angé, a strong transport system and the low cost advantage of the Yangtze alley, has enjoyed high profits in the long triangle.
This is due to (i) the main reason for maintaining high levels of Maori in recent years, when prices will return after future balance of supply and demand. (ii) factors (2) and (3) will persist, and sandstone prices will be difficult even if they fall.
Returning to pre-2016-2017 levels, which are generally maintained at relatively high levels, businesses with resource and transport advantages will benefit from higher prices and high Maori in the long term. Corporate bonestone sales in 2019 were about RMB 1,027 million, with sales estimated at RMB 50 per ton; Māori rates are 70%, mainly due to the company’s relatively low cost of acquiring earlier mineral rights in its own mines, the higher cost of limestone mining, and the projected cost of amortization of mineral rights is RMB 5 per ton, and the cost of mining is RMB 10 per ton in the future.
By 2019, the company produced 55.3 million tons of bonestone, an increase of 16.9 million tons over the same period, and the future production of sandstone bone could expand to 100 million tons according to company regulations; assuming that prices fell after the release of national capacity, taking into account freight costs and mineral rights, the price of the plant was expected to remain at around $35-40 per ton, and the osteoporosis operation could contribute 2-30 billion to 3 billion gross annual profits.
3.1.2 The company ' s concrete operations have a greater Māori rate than the industry average. The company ' s concrete operations are still in the early stages of the industry, with smaller yields and earnings, but a higher profitability than the industry average. The transport distance from the concrete is shorter, generally requiring layout within two hours of the project, following the project layout, being highly variable, and the company ' s concrete operations are mainly located in the east and southwest of China, and are expected to follow.
The market for commercial concrete is poor, there are a large number of local small and medium-sized enterprises, and there are large construction materials and construction companies. The commercial concrete market in 2018, cr5 and cr10, was only about 7.5% and 9%. The profit space was squeezed by cement and bone prices, and the condensation broke out in 2017-2018 in local areas.
In the wake of protests by earth companies over the suspension of work due to the excessive rise in cement prices and the failure of concrete prices to follow the cost of the increase, the National Market Supervisory Authority convened the main cement firm, which in 2019 had a 25 per cent gross profit on concrete, mainly to supply the internal costs of cement and bonestuffs, with a certain customer and transport advantage. The Māori rate for construction in the western part of the commercial concrete listing company, Trinity shares and concrete drops in Yunnan City (1847.hk) was between 10 and 20 per cent, which is significantly lower than that for conch cement.
While concrete revenues from 2018-2019 were less than $100 million, from a regional perspective, the company ' s existing concrete production capacity, mainly in Anhui and Guizhou Province, is expected to contribute a gross profit of $800 million in the future, at an average price of $400 per ton, and a sales rate of 20 per cent.
Cement companies are under considerable pressure to slow demand growth, harvest, and profit, both by combining productive capacity through M&As and by expanding new business through endogenous or M&As, with the main aspects of the cement or construction industry chain operations. The Japanese Cement Dragon Company and the Global Cement Dragon Plum Cement Company are selected for analysis, followed by a comparison of the conch and Lafaki, where only the business and profit composition are compared.
Non-cement operations accounted for up to 60% of Rafah camp revenues in 1998. Lafaki basically completed the layout of Europe, North America, and the Middle East in 1998 and took advantage of the Asian financial crisis to accelerate the pace of the Asian emerging markets, at a time when Rafah had the largest portfolio, non-cement operations accounted for about a third of the total, and bone and concrete for more than 30%.
Lafaki and Holcim were merged, with a similar business share to 2010, with capacity and revenue doubling, with non-cement operations stabilizing at around 30%. As a result of the higher profitability of the cement business than other operations, the profits of the cement business have been significantly higher than the revenues. Lafaki bone concrete, castpaste operations declined in 2000 but generally stable, based on the cement business.
The base is focused on cement, bone and concrete, and the ratio of operations is largely stable. The cycle of bone and concrete operations is more volatile than that of cement, mainly because of the relatively high share of Rafah cement operations in the corresponding markets, such as France, the United Kingdom and Ghana, which account for more than 40 per cent of the total, the ability to control prices and the maintenance of the Māori rate of cement at over 30 per cent and at over 40 per cent when it is high; and the market pattern of bone and concrete operations is more differentiated.
As Japan’s largest cement manufacturer, the best developed company in industry, the Pacific, before the 2008 economic crisis.
As a result of the consolidation of the three major cement groups in 1998, Japan’s domestic market pattern was largely stable, with increased diversification and overseas market advancement in the face of the continuing decline in the cement business. In 2019, the Pacific Cement Overseas received 25%, 15.7% of which came from the United States. In terms of profits, environmental and mining operations were relatively profitable, building materials were less profitable, water was less profitable.
In Japan, the share of wood and new materials in housing construction continued to grow, with a certain squeeze on traditional building materials such as cement, accelerating the decline in domestic demand for cement, domestic manufacturers’ regional segmentation of markets, more stable market patterns, and relatively stable profits and cash flows.
Operations in addition to construction materials, but on a smaller scale as a whole, are expected to be similar to Pacific Cement in the future. 3.3 has a large distribution of conch cement overseas in South-East Asia, including Indonesia, where production of cement is concentrated mainly in Indonesia, Cambodia, Myanmar, Laos, Russia, and Uzbekistan, with the largest production lines in Indonesia;
The calculations also include projects in South-East Asia and Russia and Uzbekistan; the company’s total design capacity abroad is 30 million tons of clinker and 35 million tons of cement, or about 15% of the country’s clinker capacity. In addition to Indonesia’s main production capacity, the company’s capacity-building in South-East Asia follows the country’s strategy, and according to early planning, construction planning is expected to take place by the end of 2020.
The company ' s annual project in Indonesia basically maintains a profit/loss balance, with the first Indonesian conch to be invested in the northern part of Vandan Province, western Java, with a design capacity of 4 million tonnes/year, with production in 2016 amounting to 100 million yuan; the conch is located in a high capacity utilization rate of about 65 per cent, with a profit of about 75 million yuan in 2019, with a net profit of about $35 per ton expected to be lower than domestic cement profitability, which is higher than the profitability of Rafaki Hauri ' s capacity.
In Cambodia, the 2 million-ton clinker production capacity of the Battambang Project was put into production in 2018, with better profits after the completion of 2019 and net profits of 184 million yuan a year and a single ton profit level of 80-100 yuan, which led to a significant increase in the company’s own cement farms abroad in 2019. Cambodia’s domestic cement industry was lagging behind, with only 5 million tons of clinker capacity and cement imported from Viet Nam before the launch of the Battambang Project in 2018; and the Battambang Project’s post-partum conch accounted for more than 30 per cent of the total clinker capacity in Cambodia;
In 2019, the Phnom Penh Sea conch project, which is expected to be operational in 2020, will reach about 45% in Cambodia, and will continue to benefit from the fact that Myanmar is Cambodia’s second-largest region with a combined production capacity of 10 million tons in three phases, with 55%, 50%, and 45% of the co-operative being Myanmar’s local government. Myanmar’s demand is much more imported from Yunnan, China, and has grown faster in 2019, with gdp growing at 6-7% and gdo reaching US$ 1,800 per capita.
By and large, compared to the country’s cement development, the next 10 years will be the fastest-growing period of demand for cement. Myanmar’s population is about three times as high as Cambodia, and after the new ruling party took office, taking into account the longer rainy season in Myanmar, the less advanced transport network and facilities, the more cyclical nature of the price of cement and transportation costs, the lower expected profitability of the company’s production in Myanmar than in Cambodia (as Cambodia’s transport network is relatively good), assuming that the net profit is 50-60 yuan, and that 10 million tons of total production will bring the company 2-3 million tons to production.
Given its potential for development over the next 10 years, and its level of profitability rising with demand, it is expected to continue to expand production capacity. 3.3.1 Indonesia is the largest country in South-East Asia with the fourth largest population and the largest Muslim country in the world. After the 2008 subprime lending crisis, Indonesia’s economy will continue to grow.
Maintaining a high medium- and medium-sized growth rate of about 5%, with an average per capita gdp of 59.1 million rubles in 2019 (approximately $3844), comparable to our 2009 level, with a total gdp of about $1.99 trillion. Our average per capita growth in cement capacity and production was the fastest in the US$ 1000-5,000 period, which suggests that Indonesia is still in a period of rapid growth in per capita water and mud demand.
Figure 26: The situation in Indonesia gdp. Indonesia, following the 2009 economic crisis, introduced a significant economic stimulus that led to rapid growth in cement demand and production capacity and led to a gradual build-up of excess production after 2016. Indonesia’s water and mud sector development can be divided into three phases. Indonesia’s cement production reached 17 million tons in 1985 and 30 million tons in 1997, the fastest growing industry in this period.
The Asian financial crisis hit the economy in 1997, with a slow recovery of cement after the downturn, and a slowdown in output growth, which remained at 42 million tons of water until 2006, and a recovery from the global economic crisis in 2010, with a return to rapid growth in cement production. High growth in the Indonesian economy in 2011-2014 led to a return to rapid growth in cement demand, and high cement prices led to high profits, prompting cement manufacturers to expand their capacity significantly from 2013.
In terms of production, the development experience was different from that of productive capacity. During a period of rapid economic growth in Asia, 1985-1996, domestic demand in Indonesia grew rapidly, reaching 27 million tons in 1996 and falling to 22 million tons in 1998, followed by steady growth, reaching 37 million tons in 2008.
Similarly, Indonesia has a stimulus plan, with cement production entering a period of rapid growth, which reached 17.7% in 2011 and can be divided between 2010 and 2019 into two types of cement demand or a smooth growth period, as measured by demand acceleration data. After 2014, high domestic inflation and economic slowdown have led to a decline in cement demand, with excess capacity reaching around 30% after rapid expansion of domestic cement production, with capacity utilization falling from 89% in 2013 to 64.5% in 2017, and with the country 2012-2015.
The Chinese cement company, which produces local capacity in Indonesia, has conch and red lions, with more than 10 million tons of production capacity remaining below production capacity, and the two 8000t/d Red Lion Cement projects, will produce more than 125 million tons of total Indonesian cement production capacity. But, owing to factors such as the decline in Indonesian cement profitability and the continuing high domestic cement prices, the production of conch and red lions has slowed down.
The Indonesian cement market has entered a competitive pattern, which can be divided into three phases according to the two economic/financial crises of 1997 and 2008: (1) the pre-1997 rapid growth of Indonesian domestic enterprises, dominated by Indonesian state-controlled cement enterprises; and (2) the 1998-2009 Euro-American cement giants entered Indonesia and continued to expand their production capacity to form a Rafah-based enterprise.
The three main groups of Kee, Holcim and Heidelberg Cement (i.e. Lafaki and Holcim merged in 2015) hold 35-40 per cent - 40 per cent of domestic capacity in Indonesia; (3) the rapid expansion of the demand belts from 2010 to today has resulted in overcapacity, with state-owned cement manufacturers leading to increased concentration; and the Chinese Cement Enterprise entered the Indonesian market after 2010 and is predominantly represented by Sea conch and Red Lion Cement, which has two 8,000t/d cement lines in Indonesia.
But the Asian financial crisis of 1997 and the subprime mortgage crisis of 2008 have had a different impact. After 1998, European and American cement giants, such as Lafaki, took advantage of access to the Cement Market in Asian markets, and were heavily deployed in Indonesia, the largest cement market in South-East Asia; after the economic crisis of 2009, the leading global companies ended the high-profit phase, and Asian cement production lines contributed a larger share of profits, but as South-East Asian countries developed their own cement industry with the support of national capital, the market gradually moved into a surplus phase, with the waters of Lafaki, Hauri, etc.
Mud producers in South-East Asia have experienced a sharp decline in profits. The first loss after 2010 in 2016, by the company Lafaki Hauri Indonesia, was tripled in 2017 (about $5,000), resulting in the announcement in 2018 that it would exit the Indonesian market by stripping the production line, trading with Indonesian national cement for $1.75 billion in 2019, with a trading price of approximately $116 per ton of cement production capacity. In the first phase of a project to plan 3.3 million tons of clinker + 2.2 million tons of cement and residual thermal power, Nischbaru Sea Cement Limited plans to invest $560 million.
The construction cost of the domestic Cement Line fell to about 300-400 yuan per ton, or only about 30% of the construction cost of the Indonesian line. In contrast to the Battambang Sean project in Cambodia, the total investment in the production capacity of 2 million tons of clinker was $230 million, with a construction cost of $800, which is lower than that of the Indonesian project, but still double the domestic cost.
Indonesia’s cement market is relatively well concentrated, with the European Cement Dragon and the Indonesian National Cement Company having completed the consolidation of small companies. Following the acquisition of a cement line from Lafaki Hauri in Indonesia, the Indonesian National Cement (semenindonesia) produced 47.3 million tons a month, with over 45% of the city’s capacity, while the second largest cement manufacturer produced 24.9 million tons (Heidelberg Holdings), with about 23.9% of the city’s share in the country’s total market in 2018.
Seven cement manufacturers left in 2019, and six returned in 2019, with a relatively good pattern of competition. And in 2018, Semenindonesia produced 274.12 million tons, or 39.4%, compared to 2017.
Stock production is around 18 million tons, with 26% of the city, and the three will total about 78%, far above the concentration of China’s cement market, and up to the European and Japanese market levels. The current production of conch cement is about 10 million tons, and the overall city is about 10%, but because of the location of the production line, the construction time cycle, and branding.
In 2019, conch cement earned 2.4 billion yuan abroad (including domestic exports and projects in Indonesia, Myanmar, Cambodia, and Laos), with an average overseas value of 380 to 6.5 million tons. In Indonesia, production should be around 4 to 5 million tons, with a capacity utilization rate of about 50% in production, below the national average, and the reason why sea conch cement reduced the rate of production of the remaining projects.
High levels of industry, both prices and profits have been maintained, with a rapid downswing in 2014, with relatively better cement in the country after 2017, and higher profitability of cement companies with price-fixing and cost-concentrating advantages following an increase in conch concentration. According to the annual reports of indocementtug and Semenindonesia, the pattern has remained relatively stable since 2017, and production and prices have been controlled by high market rates in different regions by leading companies with low overall capacity.
G. The sale price of semenindonesia cement in 2018 was about $310 per tonne, while the average price of sales of indocement was around 350: sales of conch cement were also measured at around 320-340, close to indocement: the conch project in Indonesia was not lower than the local manufacturer in terms of sales prices, and the subsequent gradual release of production capacity and improved capacity utilization were expected to rise to the average of Indonesia’s two main poles.
In terms of profitability, tons of Māori dropped rapidly from a high level of 200 yuan/tonne in 2011-2014 to a reasonable level of around 100 yuan/tonne. Similar to the Ministry of Internal Affairs, the Indonesian Cement Dragon Industries also operate in bonestone and concrete, with Māori below Cement. Semenindoneia’s capacity is maintained at a high level, with export volumes and export prices higher than those of other cement manufacturers, and is therefore relatively profitable.
High, and relatively obvious, overlap management, with net profitability similar to that of Semenindonesia, which has a relatively low profitability of its non-cement operations, and the overall phase-out of production capacity, which is largely dependent on marketized competition. But overall concentration and competition patterns are higher, with the exception of Indonesia’s higher water and mud capacity (over 90%), where the capacity of other producers is below 70%.
As Indonesia’s cement industry needs to improve, it is expected that companies will accelerate production progress and tap into the potential of South-East Asian markets, such as Indonesia, to replicate its domestic market.
In conclusion, considering the rapid growth of the Indonesian economy as a Muslim country in general, Indonesia is vulnerable to external interference. The Indonesian cement industry is gradually entering a period of maturity, with a high concentration, a high overcapacity, and a high profit level. The Indonesian National Cement City accounts for more than 50%.
While the pre-cement production planning layout has completed its position on the Indonesian market, with Lahau withdrawing from the Indonesian market, companies are expected to accelerate their production capacity and increase their profitability to the level of the flagship companies. At the same time, companies in Myanmar, Laos, and Cambodia, close to 20 million tons of total production capacity are expected to benefit from the economic development of these countries in the long run.
In 2019, conch overseas operations experienced a significant increase, mainly in the production of 2 million tons of projects in Cambodia, resulting in a high increase in revenue and profits. The corresponding decline in exports was due mainly to the maintenance of a high domestic cement market, low export profits, and the fact that Cambodian project production replaced a portion of exports.
4.1 The company's basics are conch cement, which was established in 1996 by the Hench Group, with funding from the Ning cement factory and the White Ma Hill cement factory, and which was listed in Hong Kong in October of the same year. It was listed on the Shanghai main board in 2002 and became the only cement in the country, the a+h cement.
The company’s main product is cement, which, after 2016, began to diversify, expanding the operations of bonestone and concrete based on mineral resources; and cement trading for smoothing regional cement prices and large-scale collection companies. With regard to the equity structure, in 2003 the conch group was transformed from a state-owned monopoly to a State-owned holdings, and the consortium and affiliated business unions and eight natural persons formed a conch business.
With 49% of the conglomerates ' shares transferred by the investment group in Anhui Province, the company holding structure has largely been determined, and the main holdings have not changed much since 2009. The shareholding ratio of corporate shareholders is relatively low, the company ' s equity financing is more prudent, the cost of financing the debt of state companies is lower, and the cash flow of the cement industry is relatively strong, and there is no equity financing after 2009. The company ' s leading managers hold a large number of company shares through their employees ' equity platforms, such as conch business start-up and conch innovation investment.
The company has been able to grow and grow as an important support for the company. Land equity has been growing since 2016, with a 9.48% share in 2019. In the cyclical sector, companies have continued to do much more than in terms of capacity, output, and the size of their revenues. As the best contestants in the country’s cement industry, the company’s development process is largely representative of the development of our cement industry.
The second phase, the rapid deployment of self-building capacity to South, South-central, West and South-West China in 2005-2010, was accelerated by policy stimulus in 2009, with an average additional 30 million tons of production and 150 million tons of cement production; the expansion of production capacity through self-building plus acquisitions slowed down, with a total output of 290 million tons in 2011-2015.
In 2019, corporate revenue, net profits, and ton profits were historically high, and the domestic cement industry was at its best, with industries enjoying high profits from controlled production overcapacity in the context of additional production controls and stringent enforcement of environmental restrictions. Companies have increased their revenue through trade operations since 2018, and other revenues have followed rapid growth, mainly in materials related to construction materials, with a Māori ratio.
With a more homogeneous product structure, corporate profitability and cement prices are closely linked, but the company’s combined costs are lowest in the industry, with companies maintaining higher profit levels in the industry’s lowest profile in 2009 and 2015. Net interest rates after trade-off were reduced in 2018-2019 were around 28% (higher after taking into account sales and management costs).
4.2.1 The development of the domestic cement industry is a review of the history of the domestic cement industry. In 1985, our cement production reached 150 million tons, the world ' s largest cement-producing country, and has continued to grow over the next 30 years, peaking at 2,477 million tons by 2014.
Depending on the state of domestic economic development and the rate of increase in cement production, four waves peaked in 1992, 2002, 2006 and 2009 and entered the mature platform period in 2014: the global share of production was around 50-55%, while the capacity ratio was over 60%. With the growth of domestic cement production, the cement process and ready technology are leading the world, while remaining thermal power, waste co-processing, hazardous waste disposal, ultra-low-emissions, etc., are also leading the world and continue to export technology, equipment, and production lines abroad.
(a) Production growth in the cement sector gradually decreased in 2009 and entered the platform period in 2014, during which the pattern of competition in the cement industry quickly changed and industry concentration rose rapidly;
Industry concentration has risen to a relatively high level, maintaining a relatively stable level, with relatively high capacity utilization by companies with technological and environmental advantages. With rapid growth in capacity, capacity utilization declined rapidly after 2008, with administrative restrictions on additional capacity in 2013, while demand has continued to grow at a certain rate, and industry’s annual property policy has led to a rapid decline in demand leading to a move below 80% below the de-utilization of movable property, returning to over 80% in 2019 (see figure 3).
Supply-side reforms, environmental restrictions, faulty peak production, and regional inter-firm cooperation in 2016-2019 led to strict controls on the elasticity of cement production, with prices being more sensitive to the marginal improvements in supply-demand relationships, and the over-expected rise in real-estate demand in 2019, with costs being the most important competitiveness in the industry, with shorter industrial chains in the cement sector, upstream of limestone mines, clay, coal, electricity, etc., and the bargaining power of cement companies.
For the weaker ones, downstream, mainly direct sellers/projects, concrete manufacturers and distributors, have relatively high premium capacity and are able to adjust prices more flexibly according to supply and demand. Price differences are small among firms in a given region, making cost a major factor in the differences in profitability among producers. Cost factors include, inter alia, electricity coal, limestone, clay, transport costs, and management finance costs. Electricity and coal prices are determined by the region where the cement line is located, while the main differences are built at the production line.
With a “t-type” development strategy, the conch divides the clinker and the milling station, using the Yangtze channel to connect the upstream production area and the downstream high-priced areas. The clinker production utilizes high-quality limestone mines and coal resources, such as Lake Angéro.
Based on the composition of the cement clinker costs of conch cement, new Chinese cement, and Chinese construction materials, coal and electricity account for 50% - 55% of the cement clinker combined and can be characterized as profitable spaces (one ton of cement consumed 110 - 130 kg). The price of Qin island powered coal for the first time since 2015 fell by $500 per ton in April 2020, supporting some of the profits of the cement industry.
Industrial policy is an important support for market stability. The cement industry has continued to be highly profitable since 2017, but it has not brought about a disorderly competition in the market. From the State Council ' s 2013 guidance on the elimination of excess production in the cycle, production-restrictive policies in the industry have been tightened and restrictions have been increasing. These include, inter alia, a strict ban on new production, reduced replacement, environmental restrictions, and the four categories of faulty production in the industry. The first two controls total capacity, and the second two controls output in the absence of an increase in total capacity.
The cement industry, as a medium- and upstream cycle closely linked to infrastructure and real estate, depends on capital-building intensity and population growth migration over the medium to long term, and is closely linked to economic weekly fluctuations. But the implementation of a number of industrial policies since 2016 has interrupted the cement cycle transmission path.
In 2016, the cycle was interrupted, the power-extension chain was limited, expanding capacity at a higher industrial climate, and generating greater price and profit elasticity when demand was on the edge. Compared with the demand for cement and investment data, the demand and demand for cement increased rapidly for capital and land.
The cyclicality of the small-cycle (deeper seasons in the year) has also changed, with a milder and more robust seasons associated with lower marginal elasticities (lower total capacity, faulty peaks, and higher combined reduction effects): production can be well controlled during the low seasons, and production elasticities released during the high seasons have decreased.
And the summer rainy season is a light season for cement, and the rest is a full season, with aggregate demand showing pre- and post-high; annual environmental production limits affect both cement production and construction start-up; winter demand in the northern region is weak; and in the southern region there are usually winter rushes, so higher prices in the northern region occur in the autumn and in the southern part in the winter. 4.3 The history and advantages of the development of conch cement are reflected in the southern part of the world.
4.3.1 The post-SARS policy has led to overheating and inflation in 2014, with the national regulation of overheating in April 2014, a fall in cement prices and a fall in carbon prices, and a fall in profit levels.
Policies have phased out backward production capacity, such as kilns, and firms have seen a rapid increase in their share of the market. After China’s performance was largely completed, the south-central region began to expand, with the share falling to 50% in the eastern part of the country by 2008, and 48% in the centre and south.
In order to curb the overheating of the economy, the country has blocked electricity in local areas, with prices for cement and coal rising rapidly from the second half of 2010 to $11 billion.
The 2012-2014 industrial platform period was broken by real estate regulation in 2015, the rapid fall in cement prices prompted the country to adopt a policy of supply-side restructuring; the company basically completed its production-level layout and continued to raise its domestic performance to lower costs by upgrading its technology to upgrade its production lines.
During the first four stages of continuous expansion of production capacity, the company’s profits increased not only as a result of price elasticity, but also as a result of overall growth in production capacity, cost of upstream coal, electricity.
In the first four phases, the Division has significantly expanded its capacity, regardless of the industry’s climate, from about 2 per cent to 13.7 per cent at the beginning of the market.
In contrast, the concentration of the domestic market is measured from the point of view of the city share, with the leading companies having far lower market share than middle markets such as Europe and Japan, but by province or region, the concentration of industries or the presence of companies is much higher than the national average; the company works closely with construction materials in China, and the cement trade has further increased the market presence of companies and the main advantages for regional prices of 4.3.2 conch cement.
“T” industry layouts, efficient management, and excellent employees stimulate long-term competitiveness. Prior to listing, the company identified a “t” production strategy along the riverbank, using the Yangtze alley to innovatively separate clinker and milling stations; through the Yangtze track, the link between the upstream low-priced raw material production site and the largest downstream consumer market, the clinker plant was built in areas rich in limestone resources, such as Lake Anhui, and the mill was established in areas of major coastal demand.
The low-priced coal resources in Huainan, which added to the tons-grade production line, and the tens of millions-ton-grade clinker base, reduced the combined cost by $30-40 per ton. In 2015, when the industry suffered a general loss, the company ' s management and incentives combined about 22.8 per cent of the company ' s employees ' shares (about 18 per cent of the conch group ' s indirect holdings, with a maximum of 4.68 per cent of the industry ' s investments) at the highest level of investment in the sea-making and sea-making industries; and the depth of employee interests and the maintenance of the efficiency and cost-control capabilities of private enterprises under the State enterprise system.
At the technical level, the company continues to lead the development of domestic cement technology, with the earliest ton-grade clinker production line in the country and the earliest to develop garbage and waste co-disposal; this will reduce costs, increase efficiency and guarantee the uninterrupted production of co-disposal lines during production at the wrong peaks, environmental limits, increase capacity utilization and further reduce costs. Figure 47: Tons of conch cement costs (left) and ton management costs (right) are lower (RM/t).
4.3.3 Most of the company ' s cycle wins and wins the winning and losing index. By 2016, the level of profitability in the cement industry is mainly closely linked to the rate of economic growth, and companies, as the most cost-effective companies in the cement industry, can magnify the profitability of the industry and the economic cyclical upscaling.
The company achieved significant excess gains in three stages, namely (1) (2) (5) of the above-mentioned company development, where competition patterns in the cement sector were relatively good, and (1) the economy was in a period of rapid growth after joining wto between 2002 and 2004, when, despite the disruptions of the SARS epidemic, the gdp picked up at about 10 per cent, and the cement price was relatively stable in terms of rapidly growing demand for cement, while coal prices remained low at the beginning of 2002-2014.
The price of the low 270 yuan/tonne per year rose to 450 yuan/tonne by the end of 2014, and the share price began to fall. (2) In 2005-2008, rapid economic growth + shortage of cattle + cement co-defends Davis, with profits rising from 400 million in 2005 to 30 yuan in 2007, with prices rising.
3) From 2016 to the present, mainly based on profit-driven equity prices, cement prices and corporate profits have gradually decreased in relation to the economic cycle, and administrative off-productivity and production-restriction restrictions have led to a long-term upturn in the industry landscape. After the price of cement hit the bottom in mid-2016, the price poles rose steadily, and the cement price hub grew substantially in 2016-2019, a and h shares, respectively.
By recycling the production capacity and share prices of conch cement, it can be obtained: (i) after 2016, the market gradually accepted a cyclical weakening of the cement industry, but marginal pricing remains dominant, with industry valuation and profit pricing based on cement prices and policy expectations; (ii) conch cement, as industry leader, has the ability to out-of-cycle; and if the industry has a significant downside, the company has the capacity to integrate and increase production capacity and market ownership, and valuation levels are expected to rise. There are also policy risks, and policy regulation exists.
The impact on the industry is greater, whether regulation of real estate and infrastructure will have a greater impact on the pace of demand growth by 2016 or the growth of production capacity by policies beyond 2016, and the main risks for the industry in the future should come from the risk of policy change; the scenario is not expected to change fundamentally until industry policy and industry patterns are significantly changed and high profitability levels of conch cement are expected to continue in the future beyond all upward cycles of the current scenario over the past 20 years or more.
4.4 The comparison between conch cement and offshore cement taps, Lafaki, in terms of development history, production capacity, and profitability, provides a better understanding of all aspects of conch cement, in particular the superior properties of profitability. Rafaki and Holcim were merged into Lafakihowuri in 2015, but did not affect the comparison.
A unique cost advantage, while leading companies abroad do not have a domestic policy environment. 4.4.1 Lafaki profile is the French Cement Leader, founded in 1883, and acquired the sixth largest manufacturer, BlueCircle, in 2001, to become a major global cement producer.
Prior to its merger with holcim in 2015, it had 215 million tons of cement production capacity (with an equity capacity of 165 million tons); after its merger, lafargeholcim operated in more than 60 countries around the world, covering cement, bone materials, concrete and innovative solutions, 286 million tons of cement clinker production in 2019 (with a relative reduction of about 20 million tons in 2018 from Indonesian capacity), 300 million tons of bonestone and 60 million tons of concrete: 208 million tons, 270 million tons and 47.7 million, respectively, sold in 2019.
European countries have relatively small demand for cement, with France producing no more than 40 million tons at its highest, and have gained more experience in increasing market share in the domestic market through M & As. M & As also enable Lafaki to quickly enter the market and achieve a higher market share in the short term, but face relatively high M & As costs and raise later amortization costs.
In 1975-1990, the integration of the North American market – the 1990 European market – the 1995 Eastern European market, with the acquisition of other empty companies, such as Canadian cement, blueprint cement, and access to Asian markets following the 1997 Asian financial crisis (China, Indonesia, Viet Nam, etc.): the main extension of M&As in 1990-2000, during which 90 M&As were completed. Prior to the merger with Holcim in 2015, the company was the largest cement producer in France, the United Kingdom, North America and the Middle East, with a total output of 215 million tons.
In 1931, the cement industry expanded its chain, focusing on cement and bone concrete operations as a result of the expansion of diversified operations. With the expansion of cement production, Rafaki expanded bone, concrete, floors, gypsum, and innovative operations, among others. In 1931, it was acquired into the area of castpads, in 1956 into the area of concrete, and in 1997 into the area of British redland for enhanced concrete, while at the same time entering the housing sector.
The 2008 - 2009 economic volatility hit the public Lafaki, and the collection and performance failed to recover for a long time. This led to the formation of Lafayette, then the third largest cement company, Holcim; and the subsequent consolidation of the Lafaki exhibition in Asia, gradually displacing it from China.
Sichuan Twin Horses (Sichuan Twin Horses) and Cement in Indonesia. Lafaki (Hawley) has experienced an expansion and focus of its business portfolio, which has reached its highest level since the acquisition of Redland, England, in 1997, with the share of Cement falling to 33%, and the expansion of Asian operations in the Asian financial crisis.
The cement business recovered in 2007 after the house business returned to 58%, and further removed from the cardboard business the cement camp recovered to about 61% in 2011 and remained stable at 60%. The bone and concrete business together accounted for 30-35%, similar to Holcim, and therefore remained at 30% after the merger. But, in terms of profitability, the cement business was much more profitable than other businesses, contributing 67% of the operating profits in 1998 and up to 91% in 2010, at which time it was stripped.
The global cement market was more stable after the 2015 merger, the level of Lafakili recovered and the share of ebitda in the cement business stabilized at about 80%, but overall profitability declined significantly compared to before the financial crisis. 4.4.2 Lafaki ' s profitability remained low after 2008.
But net interest rates and gross interest rates were largely driven by better profitability in Asia and North America in 2002-2008. Capable cement companies, with relatively high asset-liability ratios, global layouts lead to relatively high management costs; and higher environmental protection in European and American countries, community spending, etc.
Lafaki’s profitability remained at a low level after 2009 and varied according to the economic cycle, mainly because of the global dispersion of the public Lafaki, regional concentrations and economic developments, as well as the fact that the overall economic growth dynamic changed considerably from 2008, with China becoming the main force of growth, and Rafa becoming the main force of growth.
Ki’s production capacity is relatively small in China, integrated with holcim and M&A domestic production capacity into China’s New Cement, and in 2017, the cement industry in Europe and the US and other Asian countries suffered from heavy delays, and high profitability in China’s market did not boost corporate profitability as a whole. Lafaki, because of his more decentralized production capacity, is vulnerable to economic volatility, but initially mature regional cement companies with higher concentration can maintain higher profits over the longer term.
For the period 2009 - 2016, Cement Head Cemex maintained a net interest rate of more than 15% in Mexico for 12 years in 1991-2002, while Cemex accounted for more than 80% in Mexico City at this stage. The Indonesian Cement Industry double leader Semenindonesia and indocementtugg maintained a net interest rate of 20%, with a combined market rate of more than 55%.
In phases, market value grew fastest in the early and medium-term periods of cross-regional integration and was also the fastest in terms of output and municipal growth, corresponding to the 1980-1990 integration in Europe and the United States and the 1990-2002 rapid penetration in Asia and Latin America, respectively; after 2002, the industry pattern in the Rafah region of productive capacity was largely determined, with declining growth ratios in the valuation and cyclicality becoming dominant, as reflected directly in changes in the company ' s pe, pb levels.
Prior to 1980, prior to the start of the global M&A expansion, the corporate market was mainly in Europe and northern Africa, with demand peaking in the European region around 1970 and market integration at a basic level.
Conch cement relies mainly on self-constructed expansion capacity, which expands at a much higher rate than that of overseas frontline firms. It can be carried out in different regions or provinces than in the countries where the Rafaki advance is taking place, and the valuation level has evolved in much the same way. Prior to 2005, in the early stages of rapid expansion of production capacity, the share of the conch was between 2 and 4% (the value level of the corresponding company is significantly influenced by the pattern of competition in the industry, except in relation to its ability to grow).
2.0 xpb, which is the expansion phase of the company ' s productive capacity, corresponds to the rapid extension of the M&A phase in Rafah from 1980 to 2000; industry competition deteriorated after 2009, even though the level of profitability increased steadily after the completion of the Asian production profile, but the valuation level moved down gradually. 4.5 conch cement financial data
Good profits and cash flows from 2016 to date have reduced the value of the company ' s balance sheet to a level of 20%, while relatively low corporate dividends have led to a certain pressure on net asset accumulation to rise at a level where net profits are unlikely to continue to grow significantly. The advantages of corporate mineral resources, high sales costs, have provided excellent cash flows to support corporate capital expenditures.
Strong risk resilience and ability to build up capacity and enter other industries under new production bans. According to our projections, by the end of 2020, the total amount of cash and property in the company will be $90 billion.
Roe and roic are affected by different asset-liability ratios, and the roe and roic gap have gradually narrowed and declined in 2019, mainly as a result of lower leverage. For cyclical industries, leveraging capacity is the usual trend, with down-of-cycle spending declining, and companies meeting the trend by 2016. After 2016, new production, M&A costs are banned, leading to continuous deleveraging, putting pressure on future roe and roic upgrades.
The excess share reduces the net asset accumulation rate by increasing the Roe level and achieving win-win outcomes for both companies and investors. The leverage ratio of leading companies abroad is generally maintained at relatively high levels, with lower financing costs for European and American claims on the one hand, and the need for companies to maintain relatively high Roe levels on the other, with Lafaki and Holcim maintaining more than 50% of their asset-liability ratios before and after the merger, both resistant to shareholders in the economic cycle and able to achieve more than 20% of the net interest rate of less than 10% in the weather upwards.
4.6 Thinking about the exploration of the diversification of conch cement, by comparing the development of the offshore flagship with the effects of diversification in the cement and construction chains. Starting in 2016, the company looked for revenue and profit points outside the cement industry, with the offshore taps accounting for more than 30% of the total revenue, and the current share of conch cement remains much higher.
(b) Promotional space. According to company planning, future development of assembly-based construction operations, etc., followed up on specific expansions. cyclical industry champions are relatively difficult to expand against cycles. Other cyclical industry leaders in the country are also actively exploring, with a steel, b and c group in the east of the country heading towards software and data centres (idc) and a software subsidiary under the umbrella of the group growing into an idc industry leader in the east of the country;
By entering the idc industry and acquiring the largest data centre operator in Europe in 2019 (b and c groups have in part controlled child-to-child succession factors). The coal industry’s leader d Coal industry, which continued to add codes to the new energy sector in 2018, has significantly increased its photovoltage industry, single crystallized silicon and photovolt components e and global lithium resource tapf, while expanding the two new energy lanes of photovoltaic and lithium batteries.
Sea conch cement is a state-owned enterprise system, Anhui Province is the centre for science, technology and innovation in the central and eastern regions of the country, and the technological and industrial innovation capabilities are among the highest in the country. The semiconductor, optical electron, and telecommunications industries have a larger enterprise layout, and conch cement can use its own strong cash reserves to choose more definitive directions in these emerging areas of the races, and 5.1 compares the valuations of the cement industry with those of the cement industry.
Since 2010, domestic cement production has accounted for about 50% of global production, and domestic cement listing companies have been more numerous. According to the Pe valuation, the difference between domestic cement listing companies is small, and has remained largely at p8-10x after 17 years, making it impossible to distinguish between the differences between companies.
Upgraded, pb also increased significantly in 2018-2019, from around 1.3 to the hub of 2.0; but with a relatively low rate of net asset accumulation and dividends, roe continued to rise by 5.2 compared horizontally with offshore cement taps, which briefly compared conch cement with historical pe, pb data from Lafaki, due to mature and declining cement markets in Europe and America, Japan, etc., and domestic supply.
Because of the poor overall profitability, the relatively high pe and the more representative pb following the economic crisis in 2009, they are mainly compared to the pb-roe level. The pb valuation level for offshore leader companies is relatively low, at the mid-point level of 1.0-1.3x in the last 10 years.
The industry has had a significant impact, pb falling to below 0.8 x, Lafaque Haiderhauri, Heidelberg, Westmes cement falling to 0.8 x, 0.5 x, and 0.3 xpb, respectively. At the same time, comparisons between the companies’ five and 10 years of pb-roe show that domestic cement companies have better levels of profitability, higher pb valuations, and are at the upper right corner: offshore dragonheads are at the lower left corner: conch cement has averaged 19.7% for the past five and 10 years, and is just below the upper peak (31%) and 10,000 years respectively
Green (20.5 per cent), supported by a higher roe level, the company should have a higher pb level: conch cement data points are above the average for 5 and 10 years, and are estimated to exist, taking into account that the company has historically underestimated in the pb-roe valuation system and that the company ' s valuation level should be restored to the average. 5.3 conch cement itself should have its own historical valuation level.
The company's pe-pb level is described above, and we compare the company's own changes in the pb-roe valuation. As can be seen from the graph, the company's own pb-roe as a whole has changed considerably and the data points are scattered, but the 2019 valuation level and the 2020 projection are both historical averages and at a certain distance above the mean line. The data are far from the other points, the data points are concentrated after deletion, and there is an increase in the degree of convergence.
From 2016 to the present, the company pb level is in an upswing process, with company stock prices affected by systemic risk in 2018 and, while net profits are still growing rapidly, share prices have remained largely stable, with large net assets growing at a low pb level, with repairs completed in 2019. 326,322.0 tons, a decrease of $10, 0 and 4 dollars in comparison; coal prices and raw materials price-led costs have fallen by $7.1, $2.6 and 0.5 tons, to be reduced.
Dong Mingbin, a Master of Physics from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Center in April 2020 for building materials and steel research. Yunrin, George Washington University, Master of Finance, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for research on precious and small metals.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.