All-q3 performance, sustained product cycle Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Companies publish the three-quarter 2020 report, yielding $62.1 billion in the first three quarters of 2020.
q3 achieved $26.2 billion, a 24 per cent increase in the same year, a net return to the mother of $1.44 billion, a short-term impact of the exchange rate, and a steady increase in sales and profits. 286,000 vehicles were sold by q3 companies in 2020, a 24 per cent increase in the same year.
In the third quarter, the cumulative sales volume was 160,000, an increase of 63 per cent over the same period. The first month of the third generation of H6 was sold by tens of thousands, with 20,000 expected to be sold by the following month.
The company has a Māori rate of 19.0%, an increase of 0.5 percentage points in the same year. In terms of cost rates, the financial and sales rates have increased by 5.2 and 0.5 percentage points in the quarter, respectively, mainly because of the impact of single-quarter exchange losses (approximately 510 million) and increased marketing campaigns in new cars.
..product cycle drives up, full-scale change-led business up, and in 2020, companies listed Huff Dogs, third generation Huffh6, Tank 300, Euratoms, etc., and, while consolidating the competitiveness of the powerful car type h6, actively developed a segmented market, with the new model in place.
There are more than 10 new vehicle models (all new and new) on the market, thus further increasing the weekly sales of this round. At the same time, companies are overhauling their organization, management, marketing, channels, etc.
The research area covers passenger cars, commercial cars, car parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Don’t worry: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, USA, six years of lithium research, covering the lithium electricity chain.
Teen Fei: Four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Commerce and Finance (M.A.) in France, in electrical engineering and finance, in combination with a profession in finance, covering the lithium electricity industry chain, using information of legal compliance, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that there will be no change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.