Great Wall car, currency-exchange drag q3 performance, with a view to the new product cycle and future layout 0.7 per cent; mother ' s net profit of $2.59 billion, a decrease of 11.3 per cent over the same period; and total operating income achieved in the third quarter
The company has entered a new product cycle, with the introduction of Great Wall cannons, three generations of h6 products for hot sales, and new products from new platforms like wey tanks 300 and Olysses will be launched in the future, promising better sales and faster performance growth. As a private car company, the company is flexible in its management mechanisms and embraces industrial change.
I have a fast increase in sales q3 and a short-term delay in currency exchange performance. As a result of the epidemic, the company has accumulated 681,000 vehicles in the previous three quarters, a 6.0 per cent decline in the same period, and the product structure has improved its vehicle prices and incomes.
The increase in R & D costs was 28.6 per cent, mainly due to increased R & D inputs. The increase in financial costs was 401.4 per cent, mainly due to higher exchange losses. The four cost rates for the first three quarters increased by 2.3 pct on a year-on-year basis, coupled with a decline in income and M & A rates, resulting in a 27.5 per cent decrease in net profit. q3 was pushed in new vehicles such as the Great Wall Gun Pick Card.
At the same time, sales grew by 23.9 per cent and earnings by 23.6 per cent; the scale effect resulted in an increase in the Māori ratio of 0.4 pct, loss of exchange, etc., resulting in higher financial costs, with Chengdu and the Beijing car exhibition leading to higher sales costs, with four rates rising by 2.9 pc, with a decrease of 20.3 per cent in non-net profit compared to the same ratio; if Lou is deducted
The net profit of q3 was 1.95 billion yuan, an increase of 47.2% over the same period, and the net profit of single cars was rising markedly. The new product cycle continued, and the following developments were positive.
With the promotion of the Great Wall cannons, three generations of h6 and other new items, and with good results, Picard q3 sales grew by 93.2%, and three generations of h6 marketed 10,000 vehicles. The company will continue to launch new products from new platforms like Wey All New Landing Suv Tank 300, Euratom Cat 300, and so on.
Management mechanisms are flexible, embracing industrial change. Companies, as the country’s leading private car companies, are more advanced in terms of cost control, management efficiency, and are the core competitiveness of companies’ long-term development.
In an era of change, companies actively embrace change, look ahead to new technologies such as energy, intelligence and so on, and use the market price of October 23, 2020 as the best measure.
In addition, the company launched three technology platforms, Lemon, Tank, Coffee Smart, and officially announced a shift to a global technology venture, with good prospects for the future.
Taking into account the company's introduction of new platforms and the new product cycle, we forecast upwards that the public Great Wall Car — 20q1 performance pressure is expected to gradually change 1) car market competition is increasing and sales and profitability are lower than expected; 2) new car sales are lower than expected.
The Great Wall Motors - Proposed Acquisition of General Indian Plants, Accelerating Push Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consultancy.
Automobiles: car-to-cars