The Wall will be fully redundant and autopiloted in 2021
The conference, which officially launched a brand-new “331” strategy for coffee intellectuals, was officially launched in the next generation of cabins 2021, was attended by the Chief Executive Officer of the Wall Wheel, Mengxiang, and a number of Great Wall leaders and experts and partners from various fields to discuss in depth the current and future of intelligent driving.
The two-minded integration has been upgraded to three-minded integration, and intelligent services have become the third level of intelligence.
Smart driving (coffee smart driving) builds complete closed loop hard core competitiveness, enhances user safety and security The Great Wall auto-drive software systems, controllers, and intermediate systems, except for os and chips, are self-researched. Self-researching auto-drive computing platforms match different price models.
With regard to algorithm software, the functional and autopilot sensing, integration, forecasting, planning, control, decision-making modules such as acc, aeb, etc. have been engineered. 1) Data closed side, based on all data platforms have achieved real-time data-specific processing and return. 2) Ann
On the whole, six major safety systems were constructed: sensory redundancy, control redundancy, architecture redundancy, electrical redundancy, brake redundancy, and shift redundancy. Sensor programmes: 8 mm wave radars, 8 cameras, 3 laser radars, 12 ultrasound sensors, 1 set of high-resolution maps and 1 set of high-resolution maps
v2x devices. The switch to a third-generation intelligent converter (with a double orbiter, a binary position sensor, a double cpu, a double controller, etc.) from the beehive to the supply of the system.
Joint smart technology head business high-tung + Hwa, accelerated technology landing, estimated lemon mix dht technology, Great Wall automobiles signed with leading companies in smart technology fields such as high-tung, Hwa-dang, ibee (laser radar)
The Agency ' s strategic cooperation agreement provides solid technical security for intelligent driving landings. 1) High-level Cooperation: 2, The Great Wall Automobile (601633): Breaking the monopoly of joint ventures and helping to blend industries.
Nano-process, different car coronsoc plus accelerator (ai unit), total breakthrough of 2020-12-16 360 tops, 65 watts, 5.5 tops/w, total double control platform numeracy
3 The Great Wall Cars (601633): h6 + 760tops to achieve a full-scale autopilot function of 14/l5. 2) China works together: it provides large dogs + Ora + cannons, in November.
The mdc platform, which is based on an intelligent driving computing platform, is now mdc610, and will be actively equipped with a full-scale automatic driving function for the beauty of 2020-12-08.
The product cycle is up, the smart driving technology layout is super-catalyzed, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board