Breaking the monopoly on joint venture technology, enabling the industrial breakthrough 15 December 2020  Highlights of the event: 15 December 2020, the Great Wall car is the world's leading technology centre in Baldinhafer.
Lemon mix dht technology to achieve a perfect balance of full speed, economy and power across the landscape, and break the monopoly of joint ventures technology.
Power mixes, breaking through the product matrix ceiling, and actively pursuing a new energy strategy for the country. • Breaking the monopoly of joint branding technology and achieving autonomous innovation breakthroughs.
The Toyotaths power-distribution structure. Lemon mixes dht are completely autonomous cars designed, developed, equipped with a completely new architecture of autonomous intellectual property rights, breaking the technological monopoly of the joint brand in this area, and breaking through the innovation of autonomous brands are important forces for self-empowerment.
▪ Full-scale coverage brings about a better experience, with the “1-2-3” mix meeting diversity requirements. The Lemon dht system uses a dual-electric mix-top structure with a variety of working models, such as pure electricity, mixing, bonding, energy recycling, and achieves full-scale coverage of urban/suburban/high-speed conditions.
The system is based on the construction of two power structures, hev and phev, and three power packages, corresponding to different levels of product and meeting the diversity of choice of users.
Fulfill 1) efficiency, maximum efficiency of the system 50%; 2) high degree of integration, better than the traditional one-size-fits-all small power system; 3) high continuity, with the phev type carrying the world's largest power cell with a range of 200 km:4) low fuel consumption, which can be achieved under urban conditions.
5l/100km. The economic and power performance test results of the new two-power capping structure are better than the grid, chaining and power diversion structures in the mainstream of the city. 1, Great Wall Cars (601633): h6+
Big dogs + Ora + cannons, produced in November, developed the technical orientation of the Quixian industry, improved the energy layout of their products. The Wall is dominated by the Hafer + Wall artillery, the traditional energy suv and pickup markets, and the Ora + Light beam Mini (BMW joint venture) is pre-positioned.
The recent launch of the New Energy Automobile Technology Road Map 2.0 emphasizes “the expansion of mixed markets”
"As a necessary route to the transformation of conventional fuel trucks into electric power, combined with pre-exploitation costs, more than expected production, 8 billion dollars in debt-transferable aid, low + low + + low + energy-friendly features of the transition, and the Wall's breakthrough in self-reflection technologies.
Intelligentity 2020-11-07 Product Matrix ceiling, future hybrid vehicle sizes are expected to expand product coverage, improve energy, and Great Wall Cars (601633): cut
Layout, a multi-line drive, increases its sales. Exchange effects, O3 is still beautiful, first pushing fuel + pure power + mixed technology for a full-scale Great Wall car, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board