The profits are affected by the gains and losses on the exchange of alternative car and car parts, the opening of the new product cycle (the Pacific Auto 2020 Strategy Recommendation) and the event: the company issued a three-quarterly report for 2020, which generated $62,143 million in revenue in the first three quarters, and the first three quarters.
The loss on exchange plus the higher marketing costs and the short-term fluctuations in the net profits of the bicycles. Three quarters of Russia’s Slub depreciate significantly, leading to a certain loss on the company’s book exchange.
Events such as exhibition promotion and film sponsorship, which cost about 1.2 billion dollars in one season and 600 million dollars in ring q2 plus. q3 vehicle net profit, q3 car net profit of $5046, net profit on non-car, low to $3764, short-term volatility, if these factors are excluded.
The new car effect has not yet been demonstrated, and the Maori rate has risen steadily. Given the market time for new cars on the new platform, the combined volume of third-generation H6 and big dogs in the third quarter of the year is only about 13,000, and it has not yet reached its scale.
New cars are not yet fully reflected in profit and bicycle prices. There is also a slight increase in the ratio of low-cost vehicles, such as the Wall 6 and the Great Wall (601633), and there is a slight difference between financial and sales speed.
IX. "According to the rapid growth schedule, the abundance of the product matrix remains the same, with an average price of 9.18 million bicycles in three quarters, with a slight decline in the same ring ratio.
Unlocking the Envelope - 2020/09/28 New Technology Platform (INTECH) provides support, and the new product cycle has opened. In July, the company released Lemons, Tanks, The Great Wall Cars (601633), a message highlighting the strong growth of the low season.
Three major technology platforms for coffee intelligence, with a view to the next 10 years, covering the suv, sedans, mpv, three product markets and a variety of power options, have helped to upgrade the cycle of new products. The third generation of h6, Hafer dogs are now on the market.
The new product cycle has opened. The auto industry itself is recovering, adding new product cycles backed by the company ' s new technology platform, and sales and profits are expected to rise again, with the third generation of h6 and big dogs on the market, the new product cycle has opened.
The new product cycle is expected to last for more than two years, and sales and profits are expected to reach another stage, while the recovery in demand in the car industry will help improve the company’s performance valuation. The Pacific Cars Strategy will continue to recommend the Great Wall in 2020. We expect the company to return to its mother in 20 and 21 years.
The profits were $4.6 billion/$7.2 billion, and the “buy-in” rating was maintained.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.