The three-quarterly report has outperformed expectations.
28 October 2020 The component ' s overseas output increased and the net interest rate increased significantly. The sales rate of Māori by 2020q1-q3 was 22.45 per cent, less affected by the three-quarter silicon price increase, with a net interest rate of 7.93 per cent, compared to 2019.
A significant increase of 1.86 pct is due to the lower costs associated with the introduction of additional production capacity in companies and the scale effects of vertically integrated layouts, on the other hand, due to the further increase in the overseas share of the company ' s q3 component and its high Māori sales abroad.
The company, as an old component \triangleright leader, has been moving into the top five parts of the globe for six consecutive years in 2014-2019 and is operating in the 2018-2019 company.
The company successfully expanded its access to finance after returning to a by the end of 2019, with a large-scale expansion plan. Since late 2019, the company has announced a total expansion of 34.2gw batons, and by the end of the year the company's silicon, battery and component capacity will reach 18.5, 19, 23.2gw, vertically integrated.
Quality and branding are widely recognized, and the advantages of the global layout are evident. Companies have continued to make higher R & D inputs over the years, and their PV conversion efficiency and component power have been maintained in similar products around the world.
Leading, product quality and performance are recognized by a number of third-party authorities in the world’s photovoltaic industry. The public sector has set up a globalization strategy that, while focusing on major markets such as China, the United States, Japan, Europe, etc., actively expands emerging markets such as South-East Asia, South Asia, the Americas, and the Middle East.
Seven provinces and cities in the country and two overseas countries in Malaysia and Viet Nam, with distribution and service networks spread across 135 countries and territories around the globe, have established long-term stable cooperation with a number of large power companies around the world.
Central China, 28 West Side Street, Beijing, 7th floor of the intercentre.
Sandsi Securities Co. Ltd. Risks of change in global photovoltaic policy; risk of price fluctuations in products and raw materials; \triangleright
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I have undertaken not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.