Photovoltaic glass glimmers and output expansion consolidates the main advantage -- mid-2020 report.
Photovoltaic glass is the company’s main product, super-white-pressure glass produced for the pressure method. In the first half of 2020, the company generated $2.28 billion, an increase of 38.9 per cent.
The share rose to 85.27%. The gross profit rate in the light glass business was 40.05%, an increase of 11.28 percentage points in the same year.
The demand for photovoltaic glass drives; 3) the higher Māori ratio of the company ' s 2.0 mm thin glass rises (about 30 per cent); and 4) the price of raw materials, such as pure alkaline, remained low in the first half of the year, falling to 24 yuan/pm, resulting in a small decline in the company ' s Māori q2 ring ratio compared to q1.
In the second half of the year, the demand side has resurfaced as public health events, both within and outside the country, and the price of 3.2 mm glass has returned to 26 yuan per square metre. As demand approaches the o4 season and the penetration rate of the two-bond components continues to increase, the supply of the light glass chain has become tight, and the price is expected to be saved.
The glazing industry has now become fully competitive with a small number of large-scale firms, and because of its high technical, financial and scale barriers, the light glass industry has taken shape.
The company has a capacity of about 5,400 tons per day of light-voltage glass production, a 600-ton/day production line from the cold restoration base in May, which is expected to be completed and set on fire in the first quarter of 2021, with an effective capacity of about 4,800 tons per day in the second half of the year.
New production lines of 1,000 tons/day affected by the epidemic are expected to be set on fire in q4 in 2020; 2 1200 tons/day of remoldable production are expected to be launched in 2021, and the new production lines of the company are expected to be set on fire in Phoenix.
The company is a home-grown light glass locomotive, and downstream is expected to be good, and the company's light glass business is expected to maintain a large-scale lift. In the next six months, we will give the company an "uptake" for the first time.
Global photovoltaic demand has fallen short of expectations, companies’ new production capacity has not gone as fast as expected, raw material prices such as pure alkaline have fluctuated beyond expectations, and so forth.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.