FLET (601865) reported a performance rating - a bright performance in the light glass business: the company issued a semi-annual performance announcement for 2020, and during the reporting period it achieved operating income
The main players in the global glazing industry are Twilight Energy, Fulrate, Yamaton, South Po, and according to the China Annual Report of the Photovoltage Industry 2018-2019, Shinjiro Energy has the highest share of domestic and global markets.
Flint is the world’s second largest producer of photovoltaic glass. As a result of recent developments, companies have established stable distribution channels and long-standing partnerships with a large number of world-renowned photovoltaic component manufacturers, such as Lungi shares, crystal energy, the Han China Group, the East Sunrise, and so on.
Total equity/flow (million shares)
In the first quarter of 2020, the company’s photo-glass business, with its Māori rate of 39 per cent, rose downstream demand further as the epidemic subsided, coupled with a rise in the bipolar penetration rate, and the supply side remained tight, allowing companies to continue to maintain a better profitability.
By the end of the year, the company had a photovoltaic glass production capacity of about 5400t/d, with a global market share of 22%. There was a delay in reaching production due to the effects of the epidemic and the expansion project. The company's photovoltaic component sheet in Fengyang County was launched year after year. Phase II included two raw production lines with a daily melting capacity of 1,200 tons.
Production is expected to continue in 2021 and 2022, respectively. In addition, a 1,000-ton solar melting photovoltaic glass kiln in Viet Nam is expected to set fire at the end of 2020. The company is expected to produce 6600t/d at the end of 2021, reaching 10200t/d in 2022.
After expansion, companies are expected to increase their market share even further. Investment advice: the light glass industry has a better pattern, with high downstream demand, and further releases of company performance are expected to be expected, with higher penetration rates of corporate capacity and double-bond penetration.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report