Photovoltaic market demand is warming, company leadership is strong Research bulletins/electric equipment and new energy sources Photovoltaic glass quality markers, market prospects are high
In the first half of 2020, the revenue was 2,496 million yuan, an increase of 22.69 per cent, a net return to the mother of 461 million yuan, and a significant increase of 40.05 per cent in the Māori rate, an increase of 11.28 ptt. With tight supply and demand in the industry, it is expected to continue at high profit levels in the second half of the year. Rapid growth in the photovoltaic industry has led to high demand for glazing glass.
Building on the core competitiveness of technology, pre-eminence, size, etc., to further increase the market share of light glass, expanding the company’s leading position in the field of light glass in order to achieve steady and rapid growth of the company. Production capacity expands in an orderly manner, further consolidating the vanguard advantage.
In terms of capacity-building, the Viet Nam base has 1,000 tons/day capacity affected by the epidemic, which is expected to be set on fire at the end of the year; the debt-transferable project, which corresponds to the 750,000 tonnes of photovoltaic component sheet glass project produced annually by Fengyang, is expected to be operational in 2021.
The unit, compared to its 300-meter depth, has a raw production line of 1,200 tons, with a kiln melting capacity of approximately 2,400 tons per day and is expected to continue production in 2021 and 2022, respectively. Meanwhile, the company has launched a 42 million m2-a-year photovoltted glass plating line.
As new production becomes available, the firm’s size will be further enhanced to meet rapidly growing market demand downstream, while at the same time focusing on opportunities for industrial development. Downstream demand and policy are mutually beneficial, and the company’s potential for development will be significant.
\triangleright In June 2020, the National Energy Agency published a total of 434 photovoltaic subsidy projects and set a time limit for the netting of competing projects: for those that were not fully built by 2020, the price of grid access is one quarter overdue each time
Subsidy is reduced by 0.01/kWh; project subsidies are disqualified if they are still unconnected after two quarters. The circular strongly boosts the construction of photovoltaics in the country in the second half of the year, and glazing glass is expected to rise in demand in the market.
Slow recovery, with the International Energy Agency (IEa) predicting that the cumulative global photovoltage load is expected to reach 1,721gw by 2030 and to increase further to 4,670gw by 2050, with a huge market space in the photovoltaic market and 32 and 26 times the company ' s potential. Reference sw glass-making plate is currently at an average of 51 times thepe level combined with the company ' s optical glass level.
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure that the reports are based on compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,