The glazing landscape has been set upwards, increasing the share of production into the fast track, increasing the price of the glazing glass sales, decreasing the cost factor, and increasing profitability: the company's monthly fire on the three lines of Phoenix was fully produced in the first half of the year, and 300 x 2d/t, which was coldly repaired at the end of last year.
In the first half of this year, we measured the company's capacity for effective melting of light glass by about 30% over the same period, while the company's income for the first half of the year increased by 39% over the same year, and the Māori rate rose by 11.3 pct to 40% over the same period.
The glass ratio has contributed significantly to the increase in unit output income and the Māori rate, while pure alkali, flamming, " semi-annual performance is over-expected and the same-year decline in the cost of double-bond penetration increases the Māori rate. "
2. Financing Rapidly Assisted Expanding Production, Consolidating the Proximity of the Billion Dollars, which will increase by 2.5 billion yuan as soon as it is launched, will help companies to build 122,000 d/t efficiently by the end of the year. Of this, two 1,000 d/ts are expected to be operational in Viet Nam by the end of this year.
Two 1200d/t production lines (out of 4800d/t) are expected to continue inland over the next two years, with the two-profiling speed exceeding expectations, which sustains the photovoltaic glass heights: we have observed a significant increase in two-sided components 4.
In the second half of the year, the penetration rate rose at a significantly higher rate than expected in 2020, rising to 25 per cent and more than 40 per cent of the next two years in domestic applications and improving the use of photovoltaic glass taps from three dimensions: 1) the use of single-loaded glass has increased by at least 25 per cent to improve overall supply and demand; 2) the price of thin glass tons and the Maori rate is high
Higher, with double-up profits for leading firms; 3) higher cost and faster pattern improvement for leading firms. Based on our current light glass supply and demand in 2021, industry’s future high-scenes profile for at least 1.5 years is a high probability.
In the second half of this year, the increase in the price of photovoltaic glass was earlier than expected and the impact of the company’s progress in the construction of Viet Nam’s production line, with a small upward revision of the 2020 net profit forecast, while taking into account the improved product structure and the availability of financing that led to greater certainty in the company’s location of output expansion, and an upward revision of the 2021/22 net profit forecast.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment