The forecasted increase is in line with expectations and continues to be viewed as a positive assessment of the pattern of light glass competition: high performance in the first half of the year was largely in line with expectations, and the pattern of smooth glass competition was excellent.
• The main reasons for the high growth in performance resulting from sales, price and cost resonance: (i) the growth in sales due to the expansion of production capacity and the increase in the two-bond penetration rate; and (ii) the higher average prices than during the same period last year, despite the decline in the first half of the year in the price of light glass;
Some of the prices of raw materials (pure alkaline) and fuel (natural gas) have declined, and companies have increased their productivity. The luminous pessimism is expected to reverse, with the price of light glass expected to rebound in the second half of the year, due to a more rigid production of light glass, which was influenced by demand during the first half of the year.
Following a further downward adjustment, the average price of 3.2 mm plating glass was revised from $29/m2 to 24m/m2 at the beginning of the year, and the average price of the plating glass was reduced from $21/m2 to 19.5m/m2 at the lowest level, benefiting from an increase in the demand for the two estates. The current pattern of supply and demand for photovoltaic glass has improved significantly, and the price of the luminous glass is expected to rebound as early as August/September.
• Launching 2 billion fixed increases and accelerating production growth to further strengthen the vanguard. The company recently launched a non-public release plan to raise $2 billion, $1.4 billion for the 750,000 annual production of a 750,000-mortex-plate glass phase II project, and $600 million to replenish liquidity. The company is the second largest light in the world.
This expansion has further increased its size and urban dominance, and the vanguard has been strengthened. ..and continues to look at the smooth glass competition patterns, and we think that the era of light parities is beginning, and there's a wide range of light demand.
The two-twin pattern, more than 50% of cr2, has led to a further increase in concentration. "A high performance in the first quarter, short-term epidemic effects are not changing the long-term pattern of photovoltaic glass to good" 2020-04-19.
Low-cost production capacity accelerates expansion, and the light glass rises.
Quantified price rises 2019-03-22