The reported excess performance was higher than expected in light glass volume — the performance rating in Frett (601865.sh) was 91.79 per cent higher, and the operating cash flow was $804 million, an increase of 645.5 per cent over the reporting period.
He's got a high volume of light glass production, the benefits of scale are high, and profitability is high. 2020h1 achieved $2.28 billion, a 38.9 per cent increase, a 85.2 per cent increase, compared to the previous year.
Increases 10 pct, 40.1% Māori, and 11.3 pcc on the same year.
The company is the world’s second largest producer of light-voltage glass, accounting for nearly 20% of the city’s production. The company is now building 5,290 tons of light-voltage glass production capacity, which will reach 7,290 tons by the end of the year when Viet Nam’s sea-guard line (two 1,000 tons of daily capacity) is completed.
Tons. The 2-ton cement kilns in 2019 invested in tradable projects are expected to reach production in 2021, and the 2-ton-day kilns invested in 2020h1 are expected to continue production in 2021-22, with the company ' s total photovoltaic glass production expected to reach 12,000 tonnes per day or more in 2022.
In addition to the company’s long-term growth in the double-bond market, it plans to build a 42 million-square-square glass project in Zhejiang province, quickly seizing the glazing backboard glass market. The second half of the year is expected to be full, with two-faced components rising rapidly, and a short-term low price for pulling the glazing glass.
The market recognition of two-sided components increased during the competitive and price-equal era, with a projected double-faced assembly back in 2020, a rise in the price of luminous glass, an increase in the average market price of 3.2 mm light glass from $24 per square metre to $26 per square metre, a long cycle of luminous glass certification and stable long-term customer relationships.
Shareholdings, crystal energy, the Han China Group, and high-quality domestic and foreign component manufacturers such as the East Sunrise, are stabilizing investment strategies for productive capacity: the second half of the year was a high demand point for photovoltaics, the market share of dual-faced components continued to increase, the price of photovoltaics recovered, the capacity of companies was stabilized, the volume of goods delivered and the level of profitability was expected to increase further.
Foreign companies in the energy sector have worked for three years, and have been involved in several nuclear, fire, oil, gas, and new energy projects. There is a deep understanding of the entire industrial chain in the energy sector, with extensive experience in areas such as analysis of the cost of electricity projects, and industrial policy research.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.