TPP Group: Performance meets expectations, light-quantities and electronics for automobiles.
The decline in the industry + the increase in depreciation results in performance pressure points, and the main impact factors include: 1) increased depreciation of the plant resulting in higher corporate management fees. 2) 2018 Domestic car sales fell on a par, and lower demand from downstream customers again affected corporate profitability.
Under pressure from short-term disturbances, corporate profitability has improved over the long term as the domestic auto industry recovers, client structure is high and growth drivers are clear.
Gilly and General, the company follows closely the global layout of its core clients, digs deep into their potential, imports more projects, and raises the value of their bicycles. The company’s new clients are expanding well, especially Tesla’s companionship, and the future public sector is expected to benefit from the increase in Tesla’s national production. We believe that the company is in the traditional seismographs and interiors.
On the basis of the functionality, the dynamic layout is lightly quantified + car electronics, the corporate growth drivers are clear, and the short-term disturbance factors do not affect long-term quality properties.
Car sales are growing faster than expected, Tesla is selling less than expected, and new products are coming into production less than expected.
Top Group: Performance in line with expectations, short-term pressure, intelligence and light quantification will contribute
The company's sales team, Xu Jialine.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.