Selectively consuming automobiles and auto parts and components The Top Group reports a positive stock of new products through the valley for recovery, which is under pressure from downstream lows. Business revenue is 2,438 million yuan, a decline of 20.7 per cent compared to the previous year;
High-voltage H1 output drops by 13%, Giligh 1 sales drops by 15%, and demand from downstream customers slows down some pressure on corporate revenue. Increases in raw materials and R & D costs put some short-term profits in reserve, waiting for more flowers. Companies are leading the industry in shock relief, soundproofing products.
In recent years, the development of light-quantified aluminium alloy chassis products has combined with the acquisition of the Fordona steel chassis and is expected to work together to capture the market share of the chassis business. In the pre-electric and intelligent visual layout, as the penetration rate of new energy vehicles increases and increases.
The company collaborates with the common depth, with experience in parallel with the first-class joint venture brands, and is expected to continue to improve the global mix of shock-reduction and interior products.
Total equity/flow (million shares) set shares. In autonomous brands, follow Gilly’s rise and accumulate experience with chassis projects, single total market value/flow (millions)
In light quantitative terms, the Tesla-related aluminium alloys have been set up, and are expected to follow the fast pace of new energy cars. The $700 million is only 16 times the 2020 valuation.
The Topper Group Annual Report announces that the downside of the city led to a slightly lower-than-expected performance, and that the new product was distributed to the Topper Group.
The Topper Group is reporting an assessment of the recovery through the valley, the active stocking of new items.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.