Phillipcapital (601689.ch) with a thick, thin Nvh dragon head and a new career support.
China's auto parts and components are covered for the first time by the company's analysis: the autonomous brand leader of the earthquake-reducing noise industry.
The target price is cny12.7 (+16.5%) for the development and manufacture of components. The company has now formed nvh (shock reduction noise)/soundproofing/lightweight chassis/car electrics, four big pieces, more than 5,000.
General stockholders (millions): The actual controller, Mr. Xiao Jianyu, is directly holding 0.68 per cent of the company ' s shares, passing through Micco ' s international holdings with a maximum price of 52 weeks/minimum price (PRC):
Among the shareholders, NSF 113 has a combined share of 1.84 per cent, NSF 418 has a combined share of 1.28 per cent, the Basic Old Age Fund 802 has a combined share of 0.65 per cent, and LSF 1.05 per cent.
More than 30 years old, founded in Zhejiang Ningbo in 1983, the Tupang Group started in the auto spare parts industry in the area of nvh (glubber deflators and soundproofs), in the city of ipo on the Shanghai Exchange in 2015, and in 2017, the company quickly cut into the car's light bottom field by buying it.
The company is the leader of the car ' s nvh field and has the capability to design in tandem with the entire factory (.. provides complete).
nvh solution: completes a whole-of-car test, analyzes it, and designs a product that meets the objectives of the entire car vibration and noise. The department’s rubber and soundproofing sales and market shares are among the first in the country, with research and development centres and technology first-in-the-board testing centres supporting global projects.
2) In the auto chassis business, the company is the world’s largest producer of a few high-intensity steel and light alloy cores. In recent years, the company has developed a large number of products that have been put on the market continuously, with a light-quantized chassis project being the most important engine for the company’s recent high-speed growth.
3) Good and stable customer resources. Thanks to leading technology development, manufacturing technology, quality management, and global supply capacity, the Topper Group has established good technical cooperation with a number of well-known car manufacturers around the world and has become a global supplier of vehicles such as Odie, BMW, Chrysler, General, Ford, Benz, Porsche, Big Bang, etc.
The company's annual succession announcement received an order of $2.7 billion from General Motors e2xx and Gem Global Station, with product life cycles ranging from eight to six years. In the domestic market, a research, marketing, warehousing, and manufacturing base was set up around the country's six major automobile clusters.
In 2016, the private sector, which maintains a career manager model, carries out information management, encourages the creation of its own business, and encourages its own business.
It was a major innovation, a continuous expansion of new products, upgrading of equipment, and an increase in the share of research and development expenditure in income from 3.6% in 2011 to the technological advantage of technology. Tupou is a typical, stable and long-run business, with company tradition producing earthquake-reducing system products in 2018.
Over $2.3 billion, accounting for about 40% of total income, the annual compound growth rate for the past seven years has been close to 11%, maintaining a steady growth trend. Soundproofing is the second most traditional product of the company, and in 2012 it reached around $2.2 billion, with nearly 21.7% of the growth rate for almost five years.
Lightly quantifying the bottom plate and the electronics of the car are new businesses with a range of 1.17 billion and 130 million, with a combined growth rate of 84 per cent and 31 per cent since 2015 and a high rate of rapid development.
According to Māori structure, 49 per cent, 25 per cent, 13 per cent, 2 per cent of Māori sources were contributed in the first half of 2019 by shock relief, soundproofing, lightweight chassis, car electric business, 31 per cent for four and 31 per cent for the first half of 2019, due to the extreme downturn in the industry, the main customer, Gilly Car and Shanghai.
The impact of the restructuring of the product was that the Toppers had realized their income of 2,438 million dollars, 20.7 per cent lower than in the previous year, and 211 million more, or 51.76 per cent lower than in the previous year. We thought that the fall in short-term corporate performance had been influenced by business disruptions.
The technical skills of the company and the client relationship, and the company’s future prospects for a new incremental order for the new energy company in the domain of the new business (lightly quantified chassis/car electric) will also be a breakthrough for the public sector.
There's a lot of promise for industry and motor power under the energy tide, giving the company a $12.7 target, and it's getting ahead less than expected.
philipresearchstocksectionssystems wedonotbaseourcommunicationsdirectlylyontheabovequantitattiverternbands. Weconsistententativefactorslike (butnotmited to) astock'sriskrewardprofil, marketsentation, recentrateofsharepriceationation, presenceorabsenceofstockpricedatalysts, and
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's going to do it.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
If you don't like it, you'll have to take care of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
This publicity shouldn'tbelleduponauthoritative with unfurtherbeing subject toothericipit'sowninsideversionandexerciseof judgment.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, wouldappropriate.anydiscussionofotheriscontainhereinwithpetacttoanyproductsoouldnotcontonsideredtobeadisloscaureofallrissora completediscussionofsuchrisks.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not like I'm talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and it's like I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm thinking about it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's the only thing that's going to happen to me.
# I've got to go # #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go
phillipsecuritiespted 250northbridgeroad, #06-00rafflescitytower, b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii,
4-2 nihonbashikabutocho, Chuo-ku no.12, Jalanyapkwanseng, 50450kualumpur indonesia
♪ china india ptphillipsecuitiesindonesia ♪
philipfinancialadvisory (shanghai)co.ltd.philipcapital (india) privatelimited anztowerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a,
No.1, 18thbroor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg, jakarta 10220, indonesia tailand
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
3rdfloor, 35ruedelabienfaisance 6thfloor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet silom, bangrak, bangkok 10500thailand
75008parisfrance london, ec4n6as unted states
I don't know what you're talking about.
"Phillipcapitalaustralia ashaphillipsecuritiesmitted level12, 15 williamstreet,
Quevel4, mileniumhouse, 46/58 naavammawatha, the chicagoboardoftradebuilding melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia
Colombo2, Srilanka chicago, l606004usa hongkong
phillipsecurities(hk)ltd 11/fedcentre95queenswayhongkong