Topper Group (601689): As it slides downstream, the potential for widening product lines remains with the Topper Group.
In the first half of 2019, the Topper Group collected $2.44 billion, a decline of 20.7 per cent in the same year; various products such as sound, low-level spare parts and motor electronics were produced.
The company’s main clients include Gilly Motors, Universal Full-Men net profit of $210 million, a sharp decline of 51.8 per cent over the same year, and Non-Men net profit at the same level as the same ball (including joint ventures), Biade, Tesla and Vole.
The company's share of the domestic market for shock relief, soundproofing and bottom plate aluminium alloys is in the autonomous parts business, causing a large drop in both crop and profit because the main customer was sold by car in 2019.
The first half of the year recorded a sharp decline. According to the FMC, in the first half of the year 2019, the market was sold in the narrow sense of the same amount as most cars, with a 20 per cent decline in total sales in the first half of the year, and the Tupou Group’s revenues fell by a factor of annual flat prices, with the share of the company’s market expanding against the market.
In recent years, the company’s product lines have expanded significantly to match client demand flexibly, and the breadth of the product lines has become increasingly scarce in autonomous zero-edged enterprises. The company’s run-off with lightly quantified parts on the chassis has won downstream, with the share of the aluminium alloy control arm in excess of 20% of the market and is the leader of the autonomous parts.
In addition, the company reserves a variety of auto electronic parts, and products such as electronic pumps, eps, etc. are expected to enter the pilot validation sequence of mainstream autonomous cars.
1. Revenues and net profits fell along with the entire car market, with a negative share expanding.
The same significant decline in net profit from non-repatriation was 49.3 per cent in the same year. The sharp decline in corporate revenue and profits was caused by a significant decline in vehicle sales recorded by major customers in the first half of 2019. According to the FMC, a 14 per cent decline in car sales in the first half of 2019 was the same as in the second half of 2019.
Most of the run-off markets, such as General Mitsubishi, show a 20% decline in total sales in the first half of the year. Corporate revenue falls by the same magnitude as that of major customers. Given the year-on-year decline in unit prices, the company’s market share has expanded against the market. According to market research, cars and spare parts manufacturers have reduced their customers by about 5% per year in recent years if the product remains unchanged.
2. To benefit from a combination of product lines, the lightly quantified chassis and seismic components win downstream. Seismic and chassis components are the main driving force behind Tupou’s running downstream. The company collected $1 billion in the first half of the year, a decline of 15.4 per cent in the same year, 40.8 per cent in the first half of the year, and $500 million in the first half of the year, a decline of 15.5 per cent in the same year, 20.4 per cent in the same year, taking into account the unit price.
In the bottom plate, steel parts (formerly the Fordonna business) mainly match Gilly and are more affected by a 15% drop in sales in the first half of the year. East’s financial boom.
The company’s confluence of products is becoming increasingly apparent. The company’s confluence, the chassis, the aluminium-controlled arm and the other product lines are expanding to include a variety of products such as liners, suspensions, aluminium-control arms, aluminium-to-ports, aluminium-backed cars, aluminium-racks, and aluminium-cell shells.
The Division’s current client base plate of lightly quantified spare parts, including Gilly, Tesla, Biadei and Volvo, is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future as Tesla’s belt moves.
The “double points” drive the rapid growth of light-quantified markets The Top Group is the leader of the national production of light-quantified spare parts from the bottom plate, with a market share of around 7% in 2018. Aluminium alloy chassis will continue to grow rapidly, driven by factors such as proximity and bottlenecks in the renewal of new energy vehicles, as the “double points” of the 2021-2023 edition.
According to our statistics, the use of aluminium alloys in this area is close to 30% at the same rate. The company’s market share in the aluminum alloy control arm is over 20%, and in recent years the turnover of aluminum alloys to festivals, side racks, etc. has increased rapidly.
Figure 4: Aluminium alloy control arm market patterns
Top Group (601689): With the downstream downside, the potential for widening product lines is still present, and with the potential demonstration effect of Tesla's business, we are still optimistic about the company's aluminium alloy light-quantifying industry. Products like the company's aluminium alloy control arm, the chassis, etc. match Teslamodels/x, while the aluminum alloy control arm is already a multi-mainstream manufacturer of Gilly, Volvo and Biadi.
4. Profit forecasting and valuation 4. Companies’ investment peaks have passed, and subsequent depreciation amortization as a percentage of revenue will decrease significantly. Companies invested $3 billion in construction in 2017 and 2018, respectively.
Production lines, headquarters management, and the R & D building resulted in a depreciation amortization rate of almost 7% in the first half of 2019, significantly higher than the historical 4-5% range. The depreciation amortization ratio will fall as the company’s investment peak rises and the price of raw materials rises sharply.
The source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, the Top Group (601689): As the downstream slides, the potential for product expansion continues.
Liu Yiming, research assistant.
Qinghua University Bachelor of Arts, Dartmouth College, United States of America, seven years of experience in project management and technology development in the auto parts and components industry, both domestic and foreign. In 2018, he joined the E.C. voucher for research in the automobile industry.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.