It's highly recommended (first cover) that the gold cycle is expected to go up, and that the investment pattern is right when -- the first coverage report for the UV Mine (601899.sh)
Li Chi Chi-Chou is emerging as a leading international metal mining group. He owns Jin Jun-bo in 12 countries overseas.
Major mining investment projects; 17 mines in the country. In 2020, the company was ranked first in the country with 453,000 tons of copper and 40.5 tons of gold. In the three quarters of 2021, Māori contributed most to the gold industry, with the share of gross copper in the first half of 2021.
In October 2021, the United States cpi reached a new high of 6.2%. Under inflationary pressure, real interest rates continue to fall. According to historical patterns, gold prices are closely correlated with real interest rates, which are expected to rise further.
In the first three quarters of the year, we measured a 1% increase in gold prices and a 2.03% increase in gold-rich lubricant. The company’s performance will be driven by a rapid increase in gold prices. On 24th, the comex copper futures settlement price was $4.46/lb, an increase of 35.1%.
The price of copper rose by 25.4% at the beginning of the year, mainly because of the demand-side pull of electricity grids, new energy cars, and so on. In 2021, China’s new energy vehicle production grew at a similar rate, holding scarce and high-quality resources, and the gold and copper business was stifling.
There are several high-grade, pre-storage copper ore, gold ore. The Kamoa-Cacura copper ore is the largest newly discovered copper ore in the last 20 years and is expected to be the second largest in the world; and the gold ore level of timok is 6.2 g/t in the first echelon of the gold ore grade.
The salt lake is a high-quality salt lake in the “lithium triangle” of South America, with a storage of 7,565,000 tons of lithium carbonate. With the new energy demand strained, the lithium carbonate industry is highly dynamic, and will in the future become a new growth point for corporate performance.
In the context of the continuing industry, we expect companies to continue to perform well in the coming years. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
1. Companies: The performance of the world ' s leading mining groups has continued to grow.
In 1993, the company completed the restructuring of the stock system and restructured the company to develop and build a gold mine. In 2000, the company completed the reform of the stock system, which established the company.
This year, the company went to the port of entry to raise HK$1.2 billion in funds and started to develop for the entire country. In 2008, the company went to the market for the completed shares, raising 9.8 billion yuan in funds for overseas mines and, at the same time, actively expanding its global high-quality resources.
In 2018, on the occasion of the twenty-fifth anniversary of the company’s establishment, the company proposed a strategic goal of re-establishing a purple gold. Over the next three years, it will continue.
The acquisition of high-quality mineral resources from the Serbian bronze industry, the timok copper mine, the Vuritika gold mine, the Tibetan dragon copper industry and the Guinéao gold mine was launched. In the early years of 2021, the company launched the “Five Year Plan for the Future and the Development Goals for 2030”, which ushered in a new era of building a leading mining group for internationalization.
The company’s first shareholders are the Guanxiingang State Asset Investment Company Ltd., which eventually controls the Shanghai Treasury. The company’s shareholders account for more than 5% of the shares of the company’s shareholders, namely the Tianxiingang State Property Investment Company Ltd. and the Hong Kong Central Clearing-house (Agent) Ltd., which share the shares.
Of these, the first major shareholder, Guan Si Heng Hang, has a limited public investment in state assets, which is held by 100% of the High Hang County Treasury. Thus, the Upper Hang County Treasury is the real control of the Purple Mine, and currently there are three fully-owned subsidiaries of the Purple Mine: International Mines and Purple Gold (Hong Kong)
In addition, there are 34 joint and joint ventures, as well as 17 indirect holding companies.
For nearly 30 years now, the mineral resources of the mining industry have spread around the world. According to company annual reports, tons, 2924 tons and 10.33 million tons; in 2020, the company produced gold, copper, silver, and zinc, respectively.
For 40.5 tons, 453,000 tons, 298.7 tons and 34.2 million tons. Of this total, gold, copper reserves and production, the domestic sector, the UV mining industry have 17 mines in 13 provinces and municipalities, including 6 in gold, 7 in copper, 2 in lead and zinc, and 1 each in tungsten and iron.
The industry has significant mining investment projects in 12 countries abroad, including 6 gold mines, 6 copper mines, 1 gold copper mine, 1 copper molybdenum mine and 2 polymetallic mines (more than three metals).
In terms of operating income, the business income realized by the company in the three quarters of 2021 amounted to $1.68976 billion, a 29.6 per cent increase in the same year. The decline in the business share between 2018 and 2020 was the result of an increase in the efficiency of the company’s operations.
According to the company ' s annual report of 2020, the gold mine has 620.6 million tons of copper, 2334 tons of gold and silver.
In terms of mine production, 453 million tons of copper were produced in 2020, 298.7 tons of silver from mines, 40.6 tons of gold from mines and 340,000 tons of zinc concentrate from main camps and Māori, mainly in gold and copper.
Copper mining accounts for the highest share of revenues, with gold mining accounting for 59.13 per cent, copper mining for 33.10 per cent, followed by zinc for 5.67 per cent. With respect to gross profits, it also accounts for the highest gross profits in gold mining and copper mining, with copper for 58.21 per cent and gold for 58.21 per cent.
Gross profits were 23.32 per cent, followed by zinc, with 9.07 per cent, gold mining, which consisted of smelting gold and mineral gold, with a higher share of smelting gold and a higher share of gross profits from mining.
In the case of smelting gold camps, the share of smelting gold was 86.57 per cent, in the case of mines, 13.43 per cent, in the case of smelting gold, about 6.4 times the value of smelting gold; in the case of gross profits, 99.93 per cent, and in the case of smelting gold, 0.07 per cent. As can be seen, smelting gold has a large, but not a high, gross profit.
The copper mining business consists of four products, copper smelting, mineral copper, copper concentrate and cathode copper, which are reported on a semi-annual basis, with the copper mining business receiving from a high to a low ratio, smelting copper, copper concentrate, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, copper, etc.
The share of electricity and electrolytic copper is 59.39%, 26.65%, 8.31%, and 5.65% respectively. For Maori, the gross profit ratio for the four products ranged from high to low, with copper concentrates, electricity copper, electrolysis copper and smelting copper, respectively, accounting for 60.23%, 20.17%, 11.54% and 8.06% respectively.
2.1. Macro: Monetary fiscal expansion is twin-tracked and inflation is expected to rise 2.1.1. The current rise in inflation levels in major global economies has been increasing in cpi and pi in the world ' s major countries and regions since 2021.cpi
In September 2021, the United States, the euro area grew by 5.4 per cent and 3.4 per cent respectively, significantly higher than in the last three years, with China, the United States, Japan and 19 euro zone countries registering growth rates of 6.3 per cent, 10.7 per cent, 8.6 per cent and 16.0 per cent, respectively, reaching historically high levels.
2.1.2. loose monetary policy, which creates conditions for rising inflation levels, is an important indicator of global monetary easing. From August 2019 to the present, the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy was dominated by interest-reductions and maintained a more liberal monetary policy.
On 3 March 2020, in response to the impact of the epidemic, the Fed announced a lower base rate of 1.00 per cent-1.25 per cent. On 16 March, with the epidemic, the Fed announced a lower rate of 1.00 per cent-1.25 per cent.
This drop has brought the base rate down to its lowest level in almost three years. The base rate has been running low, monetary policy has remained relaxed, and inflation is expected to increase.
The current low interest rate level has been maintained for more than eight months, and despite rising inflation, the Fed does not have a clear interest increase plan, and the market predicts that the Fed will have a very low rate increase over the next six months. As the low base rate is expected to continue for some time, monetary easing remains in place.
The size of the qe will gradually shrink when the taber opens, but the size of the Fed's balance sheet continues to expand, and the trend towards monetary easing has not changed substantially. In November this year, the Federal Reserve's summary of proceedings showed that the Fed will start to taper in November. But the taber opening does not mean a thumbnail, but rather a contraction of the qe plan.
2.1.3. Active fiscal policy, which has catalysed further increases in inflation levels, followed the emergence of the new crown epidemic, with a significant expansion of the fiscal deficit worldwide.
In 2020, the U.S. Department of the Treasury allocated five times to respond to the new coronary epidemic. On March 6, the Department of Finance enacted the Condom Virus Preparedness and Response Supplemental Appropriations Act, which allocated $8.3 billion for vaccine development and assistance to state and local governments in responding to the epidemic.
On March 27, the Coroner Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act was enacted, allocating $2.2 trillion. On April 13, the Pay Protection Plan and Health Care Enhancement Act were enacted, allocating $484 billion.
On December 27, the New Crown Pneumonia Act was enacted, with an allocation of US$ 2.3 trillion. The US government continued its active fiscal policy in 2021.
The Government has also enacted the United States Relief Plan, the United States Employment Plan, and the United States Family Plan for unemployment relief, employment promotion, and family tax relief. The scale of the stimulus is 1.9 trillion, 2.3 trillion and 1.8 trillion dollars. In August 2021, the United States House of Representatives passed the United States House of Representatives.
The increase in fiscal spending under the bill is the largest increase in US public-work spending in decades, totalling about $1 trillion. The deficit has widened, the share of state debt has risen, and inflationary pressures have increased.
The US fiscal policy has increased the government’s fiscal deficit by providing direct subsidies and relief payments to residents and businesses. The deficit level is now at a 20-year high.
As of 30 September 2021, the total US government debt had risen to $28.43 trillion. The ratio of government debt to gdp has also risen to about 123%.
This represents an increase of 17 percentage points over the same period in 2019. With the fall of a series of fiscal stimulus, the fiscal deficit has widened, the ratio of public debt to gdp has risen, and inflation is expected to increase.
2.1.4. Supply should not increase, and commodity booms contributed to higher inflation levels, stimulated by monetary and fiscal policies, and the major global economies recovered their growth. In the second quarter of 2021, China, the United States, the Euro area, 19 countries, and Japan, gdp grew by 7.9 per cent, respectively, in the second quarter of 2021.
12.2 per cent, 14.5 per cent, 7.6 per cent, gdp growth, economic demand recovery, but still insufficient supply, with a marked rise in bulk products. For energy products, the Brent crude oil futures settlement price as at 25 November 2021 was $82.2.
Drums, which rose by 69.2 per cent in the same year, billed 78.10 dollars per barrel, which rose by 70.9 per cent in the same year, while international gas prices continued to rise, with ipe United Kingdom gas futures settlement prices already outpacing 233.66 pence/sem, an increase of 491.8 per cent over the same period last year.
Figure 25.ipe British gas futures settlement price increase by 491.8 per cent. Figure 24. Brent crude oil futures increase by 69.2 per cent and Wit former oil futures increase by 70.9 per cent.
In addition, the rapid rise in agricultural prices has increased inflation expectations. The prices of futures trading in agricultural products, such as soybeans, have continued to rise since the beginning of the year and are still high. As of 30 September, soybean 1 and cbot soybean futures were settled at $4370 per ton, respectively.
While the global economic recovery is still under way, the growth of gdp in major economies has been positive, with the supply of large commodities, including energy, agricultural products and price increases, and inflation will continue.
Gold: The expected rise in inflation is expected to boost the performance and the recent signs of a rise in gold prices. Comex gold futures reached their highest point in recent years on 7 August 2020, at $2089.2 per ounce. They then go down to the slow tremors.
On November 24, 2021, comex’s gold futures were quoted at $1784.30 per ounce, a decline of 17.1%. The entire shock downtime lasted nearly 16 months. Futures prices have recently reached a high point of almost two months, and are expected to start a new cycle of increase.
Figure 27. The recent signs of a rise in gold prices, the continuing rise in the price of gold at real interest rates, provides the conditions.
Since 2020, interest rates have fallen as a result of repeated interest cuts in United States monetary policy. America’s long-term average real interest rates on public debt have continued to decline since October 2018.
The rate of return on public debt is on the upward track, but the upswing has not been as high as inflation, leading to a possible further decline in real interest rates in the future, stimulating the rise in gold prices. The inflation rate in the United States has been up since July of this year.
Real interest rates could fall further in the future. Lower real interest rates would stimulate further increases in gold prices.
When gold prices rise within a reasonable range, they do not have a significant impact on sales and costs, and they can be considered to be constant costs and sales. As gold prices rise, profits from gold mining operations continue to expand, thus boosting corporate performance.
The comex futures settlement price has increased steadily since 2020 and is currently at a high operational stage. As of 24 November 2021, the comex futures settlement price was $4.46/lb. The same price increase in copper was mainly due to demand-side pulls.
On the one hand, the copper boom since 2020 has benefited from the growth of renewable energy sources, such as photovoltaics, wind power, hydropower, and so on. Global photovoltaic, wind, hydropower capacity grew year by year from 2017 to 2020, and copper demand continued to grow. On the other hand, carbon neutrality and background
Under this scenario, the production of new energy vehicles has increased significantly since 2021, opening up the space for rising future demand for copper. With regard to wind power generation, the global capacity of wind power plants continued to grow steadily from 2017 to 2020, reaching 707.4 million kilowatts by 2020, an increase from 5.1 per cent in 2019 to 13.9 per cent.
Increases of 8.8 pct. With regard to hydroelectric power generation, the global capacity of hydropower has been increasing continuously from 2017 to 2020. With regard to photovoltaic power generation, the global capacity of solar photovoltaics increased significantly from 2017 to 2020, with a capacity of 760,000 kilowatts installed as of 2020.
With regard to new energy vehicles, China is a major producer and marketer of new energy vehicles, and its production of new energy vehicles has increased significantly since 2021. In 2021, the national production of new energy vehicles increased at a rate of 127.9% to 237.7% per month.
Figure 33.2017 - 2020: Large global solar photovoltaic capacity
In the first three quarters of 2021, the cumulative sales of mineral copper and smelting copper were 390.3 million, respectively. In the context of this year’s rise in copper prices, the company’s copper-mining operations rose at a very high price, leading to a sustained increase in corporate profits.
Ton of copper sold in mines, ton of copper sold in smelting.
According to the annual reports of companies in 2020, the gold mine has an absolute advantage of 2334 tons of reserves. There are also companies with high reserves of gold in the country, such as Central gold, Jiangxi copper, Shandong gold, and Gangdong stock.
For copper, 620.6 million tons are in the first place and 3098 million tons are in the Luoyang industry. For copper, the higher reserves are in Jiangxi, Western Mining, Yunnan, 8.74 million tons, 6.56 million tons, respectively.
In the case of gold, gold production was the highest in the country in 2020. In the case of gold, gold production was 40.5 tons in 2020, gold production was 38.6 tons, 37.8 tons, 36.2 tons and 32.3 tons, respectively.
Industry has a relative advantage in terms of both production and storage. For copper, companies such as the violet mining industry, the Jiangxi copper industry, the Luoyang molten industry and the Chinese gold gold industry produced 453,000 tons of copper/copper concentrate in 2020, 313,000 tons, 204,000 tons and 81,000 tons, respectively.
Figure 37. Main mining companies in the country ' s gold deposits in 2020 Figure 38. Main mining companies in the country ' s copper and mineral reserves in 2020 Figure 39. Main mining companies in the country ' s gold and mineral reserves in 2020
On the domestic front, the company created a model for the management of mining projects called "Five Rings of Ores" to upgrade low-grade minerals. In 2020, there were 10,000 tons of violets/day-reform expansions combined with test vehicles, and the Guizhou violet and Shanxi violet enrichment projects.
On the overseas side, in recent years, the gold mine has invested in several high-quality, pre-storage gold and copper mines overseas. These include a number of internationally influential mines, such as the Gilao/Taro gold mine in Tajik Stanzelavshan, Norton gold fields, Australia, and Kolwezi, Congo.
Gold ore, Congolese Kolwezi copper ore. Of these, Vuritika gold ore has a high level of 8.53 g/t, with a production of about 2.2 tons in 2020; Kolwezi copper ore is 4.17%, with a production rate of around 2020. In addition, the company has a high-quality copper mine, Kamoa-Kakula, and a high quality in development.
The copper gold mine timok. The first series of the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine is now in production, and the second series is expected to be in production by the third quarter of 2022. The two sequences are about 400,000 tons of copper metal per year from the post-natal project. The timok copper gold mine entered the pilot phase in June 2021 and is now being produced through the Serbian authorities.
In terms of the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine, the Democratic Republic of the Congo Kamoa Holdings Company Ltd. was acquired in 2015 by the Purple gold mining industry, making it the largest owner of the Kamoa-Cacura copper mine, with a combined interest of about 45 per cent.
In addition, the gold mining industry holds 13.69% of the shares in the mine and is the second largest shareholder.
The Kamoa-Cacura copper mine, located in the Congolese province of Lualaba, is the most significant and valuable copper mine discovered in nearly 20 years. According to the feasibility report of the ivanhoemines network, Kamoa-Cacura’s annual copper metal production is close to 800,000 tons, and is expected to be the second largest in the world.
Figure 43. The Kamoa-Cacura copper mine is expected to be the second largest copper in the world
According to data from the local laboratory, the gold ore content of the timok copper gold mine is 6.2 g/t. The high-grade mine exposed by the timok copper gold mine has improved the overall gold grade of the purple gold mine.
Tons, in second rows. With high-grade gold mines such as Timok and Vuritika, the gold grade of purple gold has increased considerably from its original base, successfully joining the first echelon.
The Mining Bulletin published the Company ' s Five-Year Plan (2+3) and the Outline of Development Goals 2030 (hereinafter referred to as the Outline). The Framework sets out the operational directions and targets for the next three phases of the mining industry. 2021-2022 was the first phase, with the main objective of achieving product production and key economic indicators.
At this stage, the company plans to increase geological exploration of existing mineral resources, focusing on highly technologically efficient international mining groups.
Targets are clear, and the leadership is being consolidated. With regard to key product yields and economic indicators, the company's 3.2. New energy materials are being deployed, opening up new opportunities for growth. In 2021, the mining industry began to deploy new energy tracks.
Purchase of the Argentine Lithium 3q Salt Lake, the first lithium mine resource to be laid out in the purple gold mining site. The announcement states that the company intends to buy all the circulation shares of the Canadian Lithium Company, Neolithium, at $6.5 million per equity, for a total of $960 million ($4.96 billion). The core asset of the neolithium is the Lithian Triangle in Argentina.
After the acquisition of the gold mine, the project will hold 100% of the lithium salt lake. Project exploration began in 2015 and the preliminary economic assessment of the 3q lithium salt lake project was published in 2017.
Factories, a feasibility study published the following year. According to the report, 30 lithium salt lakes have a concentration of lithium ion in tons. In storage, it is higher than our Tibetan plateau, the Zabuye lithium salt lake, with the same grade as the Zabuye lithium salt lake. At present, the 3q lithium salt lake plant has 99.6% battery-grade lithium carbonate and 99.9% purity.
The demand for new energy materials is growing strongly, and companies are developing new growth opportunities. In October 2021, our power cell production totalled 25.1gwh, an increase of 191.6 per cent in the same year.
The National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency have identified the 14th Five-Year Development Plan for storage capacity, i.e., the scale of electrical and chemical storage by 2025, with a load of more than 30gw. This is equivalent to an annual compound growth rate of about 50%. The industry has experienced a significant increase in demand for power cells and electrical and chemical storage.
Demand continues to grow, and future market demand for lithium carbonate will expand further.
The rise in gold prices will boost the company’s performance, and the company will continue to benefit as a gold leader. Gold, as a mineral resource, is typically mined at a cost of resources, depreciation, labour, etc., and will not change much in the short term.
According to the company's three-quarter report, the average price of mineral gold in the first three quarters was 350.7 and the gross profit was 172.68. On this basis, we assume a 1% increase in gold prices and a 2.03% increase in mineral gross profits at the same single-bit cost.
Since 2021, the global economy has fully recovered, corporate product prices have been on the rise, and public sector performance has risen considerably. Corporate profits are mainly derived from mineral gold, mineral copper.
In the wake of a new round of increases, and taking into account the composite growth rate of gold over the last five years, we have measured the future performance of the company's mineral gold business; (2) for other minerals, we have also measured operating income and the contribution of Maori based on a review of the growth rate over the past five years; and in conjunction with price trends,
Reasonable adjustments based on the precautionary principle (3) measured sales of major products over the next three years in terms of development planning issued by the company, thereby calculating the corresponding operating income and Maori. Due to the continuing industry and clear corporate development planning, we expect the company to perform over the next few years.
For the first time, a “strongly recommended” rating was given. International geopolitical changes, new coronary outbreaks, decarbonization policy changes, exchange rate fluctuations.
1. International geopolitical changes: the development of offshore investment projects varies considerably from country to country, with individual countries or regions likely to have some geopolitical risks.2 The new crown epidemic has been repeated: new coronary disease prevention and virus mutations, and global economic recovery has become more uncertain,
There may be a potential risk of volatility in the prices of primary metals and the underlying financial and economic risks.3 Decarbonization policy changes: global and domestic decarbonization policies are accelerating and environmental, social and governance constraints may increase.
Exchange rate fluctuations: Assets or liabilities held by a company in foreign currencies whose value has increased or declined as a result of exchange rate fluctuations may affect the performance of the company.