The speed of installation is higher than that of the industry as a whole, keeping in mind the increase in medium- and long-term product power.
• Q3 performance has grown steadily, and profit levels are expected to rise downward in 2021 q1-q3: operating income of $5.724 billion (+40.36 per cent of the year) and net return to the mother of $68 million (with 2.04 pct/ring ratio + 0.92 pct). Companies at the end of the income line have grown steadily, their products continue to be released, and the Maori rate has risen from raw materials.
We believe that, along with the price increase in the core, the profitability will rise back, maintaining the previously anticipated rate of increase in the velocities above the industry average, and confirming the continued improvement in the overall competitiveness of the product (1) loading volume: according to the high-tech lithium electricity data, the global battery load reached 5.6gwh in January-September in Kanaka.
The same-year increase was over 300 per cent, with an increase of 128 per cent in the capacity of lithium batteries far above the global level: the total number of installed aircraft in the Guinjiang High-school country amounted to 4.72gwhh in January-September, or 228 per cent in the same-year period, with a cumulative increase of 92gwhh in the volume of domestic power cells, or 169.1 per cent in the same-year rate, and the rate of domestic loading in the Guin High-Kin High-school was also higher than the overall level of industry; and in September, the total number of installed aircraft in the Guin High-Hyeong-Kyeong-Kook was higher than the average in the industry.
For two months, the company is ranked third in the industry. The company's capacity is increasing at a significantly higher rate than revenue, and we're analysing the reason for the higher number of deliveries in the first three quarters of 2020, but the lower number of actual loads (the epidemic affects the delayed sale of vehicles). The company's capacity is increasing at a higher rate than the industry as a whole, and we consider it to be the product of the company as a whole.
The co-price ratio has been recognized by a growing number of clients, and with the release of the company’s productive capacity, the city’s share is expected to continue to increase steadily. (2) The production capacity is expected to rise steadily. (2) The overall capacity of the National High School in 2021 is expected to reach 40 gwh and in 2022 it is expected to rise further to 60 gwh.
Corporate Information Update - Batteries, coatings, pressure separation equipment and their packaging, transportation, installation of debugging services for the second half of the year, with a total contract value of $713 million for operational release, long-term product upgrading -
The two parties are now working together to develop standard cores, lead the lithium project, lock in core raw material supply, battery technology, popular product-driven standards, indicators, parameters, and still look at the company’s productivity in the medium to long term.
Corporate Information Update - Expanding High-end Positives, Capability, Keeping Ahead of Long-Term Releases of Corporate Products -