China
Jiangsu Yanghe Brewery
Short-term pain for long-term growth
HOLD (previously ADD)
Yanghe's 3Q19 sales declined 21% yoy to Rmb5bn, and its net profit dropped 23%
yoy to Rmb1.6bn, weaker than the market and our expectations.
Current price:
Rmb102.3
Yanghe's distribution network has faced challenges since 2Q19, but we expect the
Target price:
Rmb108.0
company to overcome these issues and return to normal growth in 2H20F.
Previous target:
Rmb127.0
Downgrade to Hold with a DCF-based TP of Rmb108.
Up/downside:
5.6%
High channel inventory negatively impacted 3Q19 sales
CGI / Consensus:
-17.4%
Yanghe reported lackluster 9M19 sales growth of 0.6% yoy to Rmb21bn, with net profit
002304.SZ
Reuters:
up 2% yoy to Rmb7bn, below our expectations. In 3Q19, sales declined by 21% yoy, and
Bloomberg:
002304 CH
net profit dropped by 23% yoy, mainly because Yanghe partially stopped shipments to
US$21,820m
Market cap:
distributors to digest high channel inventory in 3Q19. According to Yanghe management,
Rmb154,165m
channel inventory gradually fell to about 2.5 months at the end of 3Q19 from a peak of
US$106.7m
Average daily turnover:
months by the year end. Advance payment from customers decreased 29% yoy to
Rmb766.6m
Rm2bn at the end of 3Q19.
1,507m
Current shares o/s:
21.5%
Free float:
Still in recovery mode
Yanghe reduced its sales rebate to distributors earlier this year, which made its
Key changes in this note
distributors' profit margins lower than those of its peers, such as King's Luck and
FY19F/20F/21F EPS was cut by
\mathbf{x}
Wuliangye, and reduced distributors' motivation. Yanghe took action to overcome the
9.7%/5.9%/0.9%
current challenges with its distribution network in 3Q19. It reduced shipments to
distributors to clean up channel inventory and improved its relationship with its
distributors. Yanghe also started strengthening management of its sales team of over
7,000. In July 2019, Yanghe recruited Mr Liu Hua Xiang to return as Vice President. Mr
Liu was in charge of Yanghe's sales and marketing department for many years, so he
has plenty of experience dealing with distributors. In 3Q19, the Company's S&D
expenses ratio increased by 5.1%pts yoy to 17.6% from 12.6%. We expect Yanghe to
make further efforts to increase the retail price of its core brand Blue Dream and forecast
that the S&D expenses ratio will expand by 1.6%pts yoy to 12.2% in FY20F from 11.5%
in FY19F. We expect Yanghe to overcome the distribution network concerns in 2H20F.
Share repurchase expected to increase management motivation
Yanghe announced that it would spend Rmb1-Rmb1.5bn on a share buy-back plan
during the next 12 months, with a cap repurchase price of Rmb135 per share. Based on
this price, Yanghe will buy back 0.7% of the total issued shares in the next 12 months.
These shares will be used for a share option program for key employees in the future.
The current management team's equity interest was less than 1% of total shares as at
the end of 1H19. We expect share option plan for key employees to benefit Yanghe's
long-term development.
We revised down our FY19F-21F EPS by 10%/6%/1%, reflecting Yanghe's weaker-than-
expected sales performance, because if the short-term challenges with its distribution
network. In the longer term, we think Yanghe's diversified premium product portfolio and
well-built distribution network will help the company back to healthy growth as it regains
market confidence in the brand. Downside risks include 1) a longer-than-expected time to
improve its relationship with its distributors; and 2) more intense market competition,
particular in Yanghe's home market – Jiangsu province. Positive catalysts include 1)
stronger growth in the new markets, and 2) a quicker-than-expected solution to
distribution problem.
Analysts
Lei Yang
Sun Feifei
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Short term pain for long-term
growth
Food & Beverages | China
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
國 銀 河 國 際
Food & Beverages | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
We are transferring the rating mechanism from "BUY, SELL, HOLD" to "ADD, REDUCE, HOLD". Please refer to the definitions below.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
The stock's total return is expected to exceed 10% over the next 12 months.
ADD
REDUCE
The stock's total return is expected to fall below 0% or more over the next 12 months.
HOLD
The stock's total return is expected to be between 0% and positive 10% over the next 12 months.
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.