Consistency Holdings: Unions, International Markets, Company Bulletin, HS Holdings and Combine Delivery Services Ltd., Global Speed Control
The joint venture agreement and the accompanying transaction document, the financing agreement, were signed by Stock Limited, which announced that a joint venture company, Global Speed Transport Holdings Ltd., would be established by the Hong Kong Industry Research Group on Shipment and Equipment.
Cooperation agreement for the establishment of a joint venture, under which Shun Fong and ups proposed to invest $5 million in the joint venture, respectively, with a total of $10 million from both sides, of which the sum of $500,000 in cash was proposed to be used to subscribe to the shares issued by the joint venture
A 50% share holding ratio, and a combined cash contribution of $500,000 is proposed to purchase shares issued by a joint venture with a 50% share share share, with the remainder to be invested by mutual agreement. The joint venture is intended to operate international courier products to promote and develop the joint brand.
The joint venture will help to provide smoother and more competitive international trade logistics products, focusing on the cross-border trade of b2b and b2c clients and expanding global markets.
A well-known logistics firm can complement networks, scale, and increase efficiency, and offer its clients a better choice and quality of services. This collaboration will facilitate a smooth and long-term strategic layout, optimize international logistics networks, and enhance the international competitiveness of enterprises.
Ups is strong, with global ups based in Atlanta, United States, and the world’s largest courier and package carrier.
There are 416,000 sorting systems and high-speed transporters per hour. The Asia-Pacific aviation hub is located in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong, China. The ups International Operation Centre at Shanghai-Photo International Airport connects to the Chinese/hour sorting system, which covers 223,000 square metres and is the third largest operating centre in the world.
According to the annual report, in 2016, the sum of $60,906 million was received by the Ups Camp, of which $38,301 million was earned by United States domestic couriers, representing 62.89 per cent of total revenue, and $12.35 billion by international couriers, accounting for 20.28 per cent of total revenue. The number of air cargo fleets at theups was 237, including 185.
Boeing cargo aircraft and 52 air passenger vehicles, along with 420 short-term chartered cargo aircraft. The company has now ordered 14 new Boeing cargo aircraft, which are expected to be operational from 2017 to 2020.
As of the end of 2016, there were nearly 13,000 service points covering 331 on mainland China.
Local municipalities, with a coverage rate of 97 per cent, registered a business income of 57,483 million yuan in 2016, an increase of 19.5 per cent compared with the rate of 19.5 per cent. The HSBC subsidiary, HSBC, provides air transport services for fast-loaded products, which is an important guarantee of the core competitiveness of express delivery operations.
A fleet of 757, 737-type cargo aircraft, 39 of which are the largest cargo carriers currently operating all-cargo aircraft in the country, is expected to reach 50 units in the next three years. The company now has a network of routes with Shenzhen, Hangzhou as a dual hub, and radiation nationwide.
In terms of services, international labelling and international preferential operations involve 51 countries, such as Europe and America, and international small packages cover 200 countries and regions around the world. With their ability to support high-end couriers, they account for 60% of the commercial goods market, while business goods account for 90% of the company’s business and become domestic couriers.
The strong and powerful combine their efforts to synergize the international air cargo, introduce high-tech information technology and equipment to upgrade automated operations, and create a large number of operational agencies within and outside the country, such as information gathering, market development, logistics distribution, fast-loading, etc.
While doing its best to develop domestic business, the Division built an international logistics network with the strength of the ups aviation, seeking a wider development space for global firms that made the world's top-notch players a home. With a rich network of resources, relying on high-quality services creates a competitive edge within the industry, combining them with those of the ups.
Developed air transport systems, international courier operations, and the promotion of joint ventures, thus enhancing the competitiveness of two leading logistics firms in Central America and the United States in the long term.
The industry’s leader, leading in air transport layout and intelligent logistics, has a superior core of competitiveness, covering it for the first time, giving an “enhanced” rating. The policy and development of the lost industry is well understood, and nearly 100 listed companies are studied in the field, insisting on value investments, and are good at bottom advice.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.