National gold foliage logistics, Consistency Holdings (002352.sz)
A significant slowdown in performance and a forward-looking transition of integrated logistics Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB)
In the first quarter of 2017, the company achieved operating income of $15.47 billion, an increase of 25.6 per cent over the previous quarter: seasonal factors led to a decline in the ring and a steady increase in the same year: overall, the company operated more steadily. Since the four quarters of each year were the peak of traditional seasonal consumption, the quarter was relatively light, and the company was a quarter.
Operating income of $5.47 billion, with a 9.2 per cent decline in the ring ratio, remained at the same rate as the year 2016, while the rate of increase in net profits slowed down significantly: in the first quarter of 2017, the company ' s Māori ratio changed to business model, some of the business links were outsourced, demand grew faster and the company expanded.
Some of the costs of outsourcing are more rigid after high capacity, leading to a relatively rapid increase in the costs of fast-moving logistics operations.
The company expects the net profit to increase in the first half of 2017.
Precise location of mid-end and high-end markets, forward-looking input into integrated logistics services: as a sticker for the domestic express delivery industry, firms are well-positioned in business express and mid-end markets. In the long run, the straight-line model is self-owned.
Large networks, transport, and iii systems guarantee the efficiency and security of courier operations. In 2017, it is proposed to raise $8 billion for projects such as power-building, cold-chain facilities, and information platforms.
The industry chain, the integration of warehousing, heavy cargo transport, supply chain finance, etc., is well organized, o2o, and the technology of the vast nests, transforming to an integrated logistics service provider, is forward-looking. Combining the size of the company, its business model, brand names, trends, and smoothness are the most likely firms to emerge as world-class giants.
A smooth and accurate positioning of mid-end and high-end markets and a transformation of integrated logistics services are expected to be the first to emerge as an oligopoly in the industry; but short-term courier industries are growing at a slower pace, high-end business needs are growing at a lower rate, and companies are added to the list.
The overall rate of growth in the Huangfan Express sector has slowed, competition in the express delivery sector has been intense, labour costs or oil prices have risen significantly, etc. Analysis of rating ratios in the relevant reports in the market shows that:
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.