Water dehydration affects q3 for profit, and new energy construction is expected to enter the acceleration phase.
The company released a fast-track performance report for the first three quarters of 2022, with operating income of 1690 million yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 8.16 per cent over the previous three quarters and a net return to the mother of 5,964 million yuan.
In the third quarter, the water was dried up. According to the announcement, in the first half of the year, the last river basins were two-to-three per cent more abundant than in the first half, but in the third quarter (July-September), the water was three-to-four per cent thinner than in the first three quarters. In terms of electricity generation, the first three quarters of electricity generation was one-to-two.
79,290 million kWh (+54.6 per cent of the year), 29,539 million kWh of electricity generated in the third quarter, Liang Yunan (+0.3 per cent of the year), and the generation of electricity was still positive against the background of a marked water decomposition in the third quarter
Growth, projections and upstream reservoirs are associated with the reconciliation of down-stream elevator power stations, in addition to the increase in the combined electricity settlement prices of the previous three quarters on a year-on-year basis and the 11.61 per cent decrease in financial costs of the previous three quarters on a year-on-year basis, which has contributed to the overall profitability of the company.
The price of electricity traded in Yunnan Province has risen significantly, and the price of electricity has been rising over the years, according to Kunming's electricity trade, since 2017, with a strong introduction of high-energy industries such as aluminium and silicon, with tight supply and demand patterns, and the price of electricity traded in Yunnan Province has been rising year by year for the last five years.
In October 2022, the market price for electricity in Yunnan Province reached US$ 0.16895, an increase of US$0.029 over the same period. We expect that the upward trend in electricity prices will continue during the 1455s, with every year hope that a clean energy base of “two million kilowatts” will be planned. New energy will open up new growth space.
The company developed new energy sources based on the advantages of the hydropower sector, planning for the construction of “two million kilowatts” of clean energy bases in the Yanang Yunnan and Tibet sectors during the 14th century. 15 new energy projects are planned for 2022, with a capacity of 1.3 million kilowatts to be installed; and the end of the 14th Five is projected.
The company’s debt financing space is high, low cost, and its net operating cash flow is high, ensuring that new energy projects are well under way.
In the past three quarters, the company added three new luminous items, namely, a new pine slope, a large chestnut, and a small bay luminous luminous, but the first three quarters are still some distance from the 1.3 million kilowatts, with a marked acceleration in the fourth quarter expected to occur.
During the 14th quarter, Yunnan’s electricity prices are expected to continue to rise: new energy production is expected to accelerate, making it a new performance growth point. Given the water deficit in the third quarter of 2022, we come less than expected; electricity prices on the Internet are revised downward; and new energy development is not progressing as expected.
Tao Maw, graduated from China’s University of Mines (Beijing) and has had more than 10 years of experience in industrial research, and has long been working on environmental public and industrial chains. He worked on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined the Chinese Galaxy securities in January 2022.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.