Performance is slightly higher than expected, with new capital potential continuously released by 10.23 per cent; net return to mothers by $1,158 million, an increase of 40.78 per cent in the same year; net loss from non-return to mothers by a sustained high rate of growth: the company achieved revenues of $11,200 billion in 2021, an increase by the same year
For the fifth consecutive year of 2021, the net profit increase was more than 37 per cent, the net interest rate rose continuously, with the dollar rising by 10.34 per cent in the same year, while the Māori rate was 16.20 per cent (+139 pt); the storage product development, system integration and technical services revenues increased by 1,253 million yuan, or 12.98 per cent in the same year.
The rate is 74.30% (year-on-year +0.11pct). As the company moves further to a corporate solution provider with high-end computers at its core, the quality of its operations has improved significantly.
“Accelerating the construction of a large integrated national data centre system.” The company's advanced computing business is backed by the Chinese Academy, high technical barriers, leading the country's municipalities, and the Māori rate of the project is much higher than that of the general server. With high-end computers at its core, the company continues to move in the direction of cloud computing plus big data plus artificial intelligence.
(b) The company's storage product built the ideal option for the base storage of the National Integrated Large Data Centre to provide high-quality performance for core operations in emerging applications such as eda, autopilot, etc.
China Light (603019): The sea light is holding, the East and West project is officially fully launched in the month, the company will take full advantage of the new infrastructure to release its potential, and the Advanced Computing Centre and the IQC project are expected to be on the ground.
▪ The industry’s trust spreads across the board, and sealight performance grew: 2,310 billion yuan in 2021, an increase of 126.07% in business income for the company’s share-in-stock subsidiary, has been reversed, and the share of national production in 2022 is expected to double. Telecommunications, government, and finance are expected to double their share of GDP in 2022.
With the exception of the Internet, the top three sectors with the highest volume of cargo from the 86 servers, the ratio in 2020, the authorized manufacturer of the Directives, with the best industrial ecological support from the industry, will be more than enough. We look forward to the development of the company as the leader of the industry in the new capital market.
Sino-Kyogang's three major financial forecasting tables have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now in possession of a securities investment advisory board.