On June 22, 2022, the SEC agreed to the first public release of Sealight information.
By the latest closing date, the company currently held 6.49.9 million shares of sealight information, representing 32.10 per cent of its total stock before its first public release, benefiting from the growth of the IT industry, which doubled its performance.
\triangleright increased by about 5 percentage points in 2020; net interest rates reached 19%. In 2021, the share of income from the three sectors of sealight information telecommunications, finance and the Internet reached 21%, 14% and 11%, respectively;
The distribution of products shows that, in 2021, the shares of revenues in the 8,000, 7,000, 5000 and 3,000 series reached each of the following levels: Sealight Information is a national chip lead, and cpu/dpu has a clear advantage in both directions.
The Chinese Academy of Sciences is a member of a small number of integrated circuit design firms in the country with both high-end generic processors and co-processor development capabilities.
Sealight information has two types of high-end processor products, sealight cpu and sealight dcu: 1) sealight cpu, the company ' s sealight cpu product lines are divided into 7,000, 5,000 and 3,000 series of sea light.
The measured performance of Specppu2017 of Haigu 7285cpu and the international lead chip design firm assessed the continued optimization of profit margins, the high growth of the credit-starter and the average measured performance of mainstream processor products released by intel during the same period.) In the case of sealightdpu, the sea
2. Mid-Kyoto Light (603019.sh) 2021 Report Review: Light info 1 dc product is now commercialized, second generation dcu 2 product is fully commercialized, non-performance is increasing by almost 50%, and the first leader is growing in the long term.
In terms of research and development, Sealight Information has a professional high-end processor research and development team, most nuclear 3.
With more than 20 years of experience with high-end processors, heart developers have built up nearly a thousand people in Beijing and elsewhere.
Core assets are about to be marketed, and companies are expected to have an opportunity to reassess their value. As important players in the innovation, high-end computing \triangleright industry, the build-up of the innovation, new infrastructure, etc., opens up a wide range of opportunities for the company to grow.
The company currently holds 6.49.9 million shares of sealight information, representing 32.10% of its total stock before its first public release, and is expected to revalue the company. The company’s flag also includes a number of high-quality assets, such as a map of China, dawn light, and dawn clouds, and is expected to work with the company to enhance its value in the future.
Investment advice: A company that leads the country in the area of credit creation is expected to benefit from the continued growth of credit in key sectors, while maintaining market advantage in such business as over-counting, which will continue to benefit from policy trends as “East-West accounting.” Sealight’s listing is expected to provide companies with an opportunity to revalue and value their companies for long-term growth.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.