\triangleright Headlines in core areas are expanding and business optimization has led to an increase in the Māori rate.
\triangleright’s high-end computer and software operations have grown by more than 10 per cent, while storage products have also grown. 2) In terms of industry coverage, companies have continued to expand in many industries, with national production servers being tested in several enterprises;
In the area of telecommunications, active participation in the three major operators' collection projects has been expanded to include the category of round-ups; in the financial sector, the company’s server products are located in two chambers, State-owned banks, policy banks, stock-based banks, insurance groups, head-sellers, and exchanges. The company’s participation in the subsidiary’s sealight information has grown faster, with revenue in 2021.
The company’s overall Māori rate has risen as a result of its optimized business structure, with business, government, and public utilities operating on three lines. The Māori rate has increased by 1.61 percentage points over the same period last year.
1) In the development of high-end state-of-the-art computers, companies have continued to invest in research and development and have developed high-end computers, io chips and io modules, bottom-level control solids, etc., from the state-of-the-art processor cores to the top-end computers.
Essential technology in the core of the entire machine, with bulk delivery in areas such as financial securities, communications, etc. In 2021, the company invested 1,534 million yuan in research and development, representing 13.69 per cent of the income from its main business, and in the last three years, cumulative R & D investment of 3,395 million yuan. Sustained R & D investment is an important guarantee for the company to enhance its core competitiveness.
2) In terms of managing the policy dividend, the company has responded positively to policy trends such as the “Eco level One 1. The programme “Eco level One 1. Mid-Column (603019) fast reporting of 2021 performance points for the Big Data Centre” could reduce the pue value of the computing facility to 1.04. The company is actively moving the data forward.
The Centre's projects have landed at the nodal points of the national integrated computing network, including Kyoto, Renaissance and Gansu.
3) In the area of super-counting, companies, as leading domestic companies, continue to enrich the eco-economy of the advanced computing industry.
Investment Recommendations: A company that leads the domestic credit sector is expected to benefit from the continued \triangleright drive of the key industries, while maintaining market advantage in such operations as extra-counting, which will continue to benefit from policy trends such as “East-West accounting”.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.