The profit margin continues to be optimized, and the high growth of the ISKL is being tested.
The Māori rate continues to be optimized, leading to an overall improvement in performance. The Māori rate of companies continues to rise, with 2022q1 Māori \triangleright billion, an increase of 33.44% over the same period.
The core business continues to yield results, and the CBS is expected to benefit from policy gains.
This represents an increase of 936%; at the same time, companies have built up national centres for innovation in advanced computing industries, using web-based layouts and cluster models. The products of waves, conjectures, Xinhua III, co-owners, and other well-known domestic server producers have been loaded with sealight cpu chips and successfully secured financial, energy, telecommunications operators, etc.
(a) The eleventh meeting of the Central Finance and Economics Commission (CFC) emphasized that the country's infrastructure was not adapted to the country's development and security needs, that it was reasonably ahead of schedule and that the layout was conducive to leading the industry and maintaining the country.
The conference highlighted the importance of infrastructure for “safe national security” and the importance of information technology, highlighting that the construction was expected to penetrate from the party to the industry, and that 11 meetings in the finance, energy, operators, etc., were focused on setting up a new generation of super-county, cloud computing, artificial intelligence platforms, etc.
With a near 50 per cent increase in non-performance, ISCO's long-term growth is still expected to benefit as a national leader in the area of over-counting. 3) The “East and West” policy continues to be advanced, according to the country's fast-track performance for 2021, according to the Central and Middle East (603019).
The physicalization of the big data centre system layout programme, with eight computing hubs nationwide, is expected to lead to large, super-large ratings: a 40-per-cent rate of non-performance growth, industry confidence strategy, a clustering of data centres within the hub. Companies respond positively to policies such as East-West.
The trend is that the Eco-level Integrated Large Data Centre programme could reduce the value of the computing facility pue to 1.04 while advancing the data centre project to the location of the national integrated numeracy network hub nodes such as Kyunjin.
Investment Recommendations: A company that leads the domestic credit sector is expected to benefit from the continued \triangleright drive of the key industries, while maintaining market advantage in such operations as extra-counting, which will continue to benefit from policy trends such as “East-West accounting”.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.