q1's performance is slightly higher than expected, and it's more dynamic than ever.
• We highly value the company’s core technological strength and national importance, and we maintain the “buy-in” rating. The company is committed to breaking through the key technology of high-end computer wholes based on home-grown processors, high-end calculations of national production, and growing eco-efficiency. At the same time, the sealight server performance and ecological advantages are high, and we believe that the company will be well-received.
We have therefore maintained the company ' s forecast of net return profits for 2022-2024 at 16.03, with a slightly higher than expected Māori rate, which continues to rise by 20.81 per cent, an increase of 1.23 percentage points from the same year, suggesting that the company has a high profile around national production.
At the same time, corporate R & D investment has continued to increase, with q1 R & D spending increasing by 33.44% on the same basis, well above the increase in income. The net cash flow from corporate operations is -10.23 billion yuan, largely due to increased payments for raw materials supplies in a tight supply chain.
• Industry trust is an unprecedented opportunity, markets have a poor understanding of the company's position in the ecology of domestic production servers.
High-end computers, such as multiple servers, workstations, etc., have passed the national laboratory's product quality tests, delivered bulk deliveries in the areas of financial securities, communications, etc., and provided a safe and reliable national system of information.
io module design; Bios, which supports the national processor, based on open source bios and bmc code architecture, has been developed. Corporate Information Update Report - Overperformance, Country Launching Solids and bmc Remote Management Solids. We believe that companies are very rare in the ecology of national production servers.
The ecological core of the production server is gradually being highlighted - there is a lack of awareness in the market, and there is still a significant lack of awareness.
"Emerging Ecology in High-Early Calculations of National Productions" - "Info Updates of Companies - Performance Super-Market Premiums, Gradual Ecology in High-Early Calculations of National Productions"