Aluminium clouds (000807.sz) Metal material group.
The company has successfully built a chain of green aluminium (which makes electrolytic aluminium produced with green electricity) that contains 66 million tons of bauxite ore.
1,400,000 tons of aluminium oxide, 3.05 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, 800,000 tons of apogee carbon, market value (PRC): 12.34 yuan into the China-Aluminium Group, 19 per cent of the shares of the Chinese Aluminium Acquisition Company in November 2022, total shareholdings
29.1%, as shareholders in corporate holdings, total holdings of 2.226 million tons of oxidizing. Aluminium production is a better match for 7.506 million tons of electrolytic aluminium and industrial co-benefits. In 22 years, the company collected 48,463 million yuan in cash, resulting in a net profit of 4.569 billion yuan from the mother, of which aluminum and aluminum are processed.
The company’s industry is located in six counties in Yunnan, where the proportion of green electricity used in production is as high as 88.6%, and where the full enjoyment of low-cost hydropower brings in kilowatt hours/tonne of aluminium, which is the best in the country, leading to a technological drop.
The green aluminum economy continues to rise in the context of double carbon. The three sectors in the country co-published the Carbon Reaching Program for the Non-ferrous Metals Industry, which examines the cost difference between the national carbon trading market and the different power structures used by aluminium smelting companies.
In 2026, the EU ' s carbon border regulation mechanism was officially introduced, with low-carbon emissions of green aluminium at that time becoming more costly and more marketable than coal-based aluminium. Companies are the largest suppliers of green aluminium in the country, relying on green energy to produce green aluminium carbon.
At the cost end, the company’s higher proportion of green power reduces the cost of electricity, and later may further reduce the cost of production by trading carbon emission quotas; at the price of the sale, green aluminum has a premium on the market, and the EU will start in the future.
In the medium-to-long term, influenced by factors such as possible carbon taxes and electricity prices in the subsequent colored industry, the Aluminium prices will be running in the centre.
Aluminium disassembly industry ' s 11.25 timespe valuation in 2023 and company historical valuation levels, taking into account large fluctuations in aluminium prices; restricted production; increased prices of raw materials; and restricted shares.
Aluminium shares are a green low-carbon enterprise with a complete chain of aluminium industries. The company’s predecessor, Yunnan aluminium factory, was established in 1970, re-established in 1998, was placed on the market at the deep end, rising the following year to the top 10 major aluminium businesses in the country, and officially entered the China-Aluminium group in December 2018.
The construction of an industrial chain that combines the processing of bauxite-aluminium oxide-carbon products-aluminium smelting-aluminium processing has become more evident. The company's main business is bauxite mining, aluminium oxide production, aluminium smelting, aluminium processing and the production and sale of aluminium for charcoal, mainly aluminium oxide, charcoal for aluminium, aluminum for remelting, aluminium poles, aluminium processing materials, etc., and the processing of products other than traditional casting aluminium.
Alloys, plywood, including super thin aluminium, power cell aluminium, aluminium welding, aeronautic aluminium alloys, new products with competitive advantages, extensive applications in the areas of automobiles, orbital traffic, defence force workers, etc. 1.1 Operational structure focuses on achieving industry-wide chain layout
The company’s main business structure is concentrated, proceeds from the sale of aluminium-processing products and electrolytic aluminium contribute more than 99% of its operating income, the size of the production capacity of tons, 3.05 million tons of electrolytic aluminium, 1.57 million tons of aluminium alloy and the continuous extension of the integrated industrial chain. The company and Soyuz have successfully launched a joint venture to build 900,000 tons of ycocarbons per year.
By the first half of 2022, the company's aluminum industry, which had three bauxite mining rights, idiosyncrasy and iron mills, guaranteed 66 million tons of bauxite resources, but had been affected in recent years by a decline in reserves and depletion of resources within the mining rights, and the company's own production of bauxite was difficult to match the demand for aluminium oxide production, as well as the procurement of large quantities of aluminium through the procurement platform of the China-Aluminium Group.
In 2022, the company increased its production of aluminium oxide by 2.5 per cent to 1.410 million tons on a year-on-year basis. In 2021, subject to a dual energy consumption policy, the company ' s current production of aluminium electrolysis declined, but production of aluminium-processing products increased by 24 per cent on a year-on-year basis, guaranteeing the stability of the company ' s overall production of aluminium products.
In the face of the adverse effects of power restrictions, the company responded positively by arranging equipment maintenance, organizing production rationally, and optimizing the product structure.
Net notification of a further reduction in electrical load ... resulted in a reduction of 36.9 million tons in the planned production of aluminium electrolysis by company 102023.
1.2 In coordination with China's aluminium industry, China's aluminium industry has gradually resolved competition between the companies and the Chinese aluminium industry. In order to address this issue, China Aluminum has issued a letter of commitment to avoid competition with Yunnan Aluminium Co. Ltd. in December 2018.
A commitment was made to start planning for the integration of peer competition operations in 2019 and to resolve the issue of peer competition within five years. On 22 November of that year, the process was completed, with 29.1 per cent of the shares held by Chinese aluminium companies, making it the company’s largest shareholder, and the transaction effectively resolving the issue of peer competition between the company and the Chinese aluminium group.
The company owns 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 305,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium, converted to 1.92 tons of aluminium oxide, with a self-supporting rate of only 24%, requiring external procurement of aluminium oxide for production. China’s aluminium industry previously had 2,086 million tons of aluminium oxide, and 4.456,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium, with a self-sufficiency rate of more than 200%.
A total of 22.26 million tons of aluminium oxide will be better matched by 7.560 million tons of electrolytic aluminium and industrial co-benefits. In December 2022, the company was able to solve the aluminium problem by increasing its holdings of 100% of aluminum and its leased physical assets for the use of aluminum and intangible assets to the upper end of medium aluminium.
In April 2023, in order to promote industrial synergies between companies and other enterprises affiliated with the China-Aluminium Group, and to address the issue of competition between companies and their counterparts in China-Aluminium high-end silhouette business, the company's controlling subsidiary, U-Aluminium, the U-Aluminium-Aluminium Seabilium, will transfer to China-Aluminium high-end the 51% of the stock of U-Aluminium booming and the U-A-I-A-A-R-A-S-A-S-A-A-A-S-A-A-A-A-A-A.
II. Building low-carbon + cost advantages in hydroelectric energy in Toyunnan, with a significant hydropower precipitation effect in Yunnan, where the company ' s industry is located in six counties, with its rich hydropower resources in Toyunnan Province, green in 2022.
The energy use rate is as high as 88.6 per cent. Yunnan Water Resources are abundant and, according to the Yunnan Electricity Industry Association, the capacity of power generation in Yunnan Province as at the end of 2022 was approximately 111,446,000 kilowatts, of which 95,093,000 kilowatts of green energy, dominated by hydropower, accounted for the total installed capacity.
86.22%. Yunnan power trades marketed at the Kunming Power Exchange Centre, and the monthly base price of services announced by the trading centre, together with government funds, distribution and distribution prices, and basic electricity costs, constitute the actual electricity prices of the company. Hydropower generation cycles are divided into water-rich, water-dry and water-peace periods, with water-rich, high power generation and low electricity costs during the 6-October season each year.
In addition to low electricity consumption, the company ' s own energy consumption level further reduces production costs. According to the Circular of the National Development Reform Commission on improving the price of stairs in the electrolytic aluminium industry, the price of stairs in the electrolytic aluminium industry has been slated according to the Aluminium fluid integrated exchange power consumption, and since 2023, the slotting standard has been adjusted to 13,450 kWh per ton of aluminium liquid combined exchange electricity consumption (excluding decomposition).
Sulphur power consumption: Since 2025, the slotting standard has been adjusted to 13,300 kWh per ton of aluminium liquid combined exchange electricity. The company ' s liquid electrolysis exchange power consumption is only 13.170 kWh/t of aluminium.
National and international requirements for carbon emissions management in the non-ferrous metals sector are gradually improving in the two-carbon context. In November 2022, the three departments of the Ministry of Trade and Finance, the UNDP Development Commission and the Ministry of Ecology and Environment jointly issued the Carbon Reaching Implementation Programme for the Non-ferrous Metals Industry, which states that the proportion of renewable energy for electrolysis aluminium in 2025 and 2030 will be 25 per cent or more, respectively, and that non-ferrous metals will be studied.
Industry-focused varieties are integrated into the national carbon trading market, creating a cost gradient through market-based means to facilitate a green transformation of the industry. In the broader context of the national double carbon strategy, the cost differentials between companies’ different power structures will widen if the non-ferrous metals sector is included in the national carbon trading market.
On May 16, 2023, the text of the EU Carbon Border Control Mechanism (cbam) Bill was published in the EU Official Journal, which will impose carbon taxes on products such as iron and steel, aluminium, etc. cbam will enter into force on October 1, 2023, and will be officially introduced in 2026, with lower carbon-emitting green aluminium, which will have a greater cost and market advantage than non-green aluminium.
The company is the only “national environmental friendly enterprise” among China's non-ferrous metals industry and industrial enterprises in the western region of China. In 2022, the proportion of green electricity in the company's power structure for production amounted to about 88.6 per cent of green aluminium produced by the company on the basis of green energy, and carbon emissions were about 20 per cent of coal-fired aluminium compared to coal-based aluminium.
The company, the largest supplier of green aluminium in the country, was one of the first companies to be certified as a carbon footprint of its products, major products such as aluminum ingots and aluminum alloys were certified as carbon footprints, leading the world in terms of carbon footprint levels, obtaining the first green electric “double” of the South Area, the first Chinese country to complete the entire industrial chain of bauxite, alumina oxide, electrolytic aluminium and aluminium processing.
At the cost end, the company’s higher share of green power reduces the cost of electricity from the operational level, while at the later stage it may further reduce production costs through trading in carbon emission quotas.
The company’s competitiveness is expected to increase further with the introduction of a carbon tax in the EU in the future. Thirdly, the domestic production of green aluminium has reached the red line, and the carbon tax has pushed up the long-term aluminium price hub.
In the medium-to-long term, it will be influenced by factors such as possible carbon taxes and electricity prices in the subsequent colour industry, which will gradually increase the price of aluminium.
Aluminium oxide is expected to remain at its current hub level, given that aluminium oxide is more likely to be recommenced than electrolytic aluminium, while aluminium oxide is more expensive in the south of the country's mountains, including the western river, and effectively supports aluminium oxide prices, and therefore we expect no significant reduction at the supply end. Aluminium oxide prices are expected to remain at the current hub level. Precalculation anode prices are covered by oil coke and coal asphalt, among others.
The impact of declining prices of materials and the gradual return to normal market prices.
Aluminium oxide price: Aluminium oxide tax averaged $3011 per tonne in 2022, and aluminium oxide cost in the south of the country's mountain river, etc., supported by domestic prices. In the context of excess supply, the average domestic aluminium oxide tax price is projected to be respectively for 23-25 years. Aluminium electrolyte price: Aluminium electrolytic aluminium tax price of $19.9 million per tonne in 2022 and the current production capacity of electrolytic aluminium is close to production capacity.
Red lines, restricted production due to electricity stress or normalization, increased supply-side uncertainty; improvements in the completion of land construction and post-influx economic recovery are expected to effectively boost demand. A tight balance of supply and demand and cost-side support will result in high electrolytic aluminium prices running. Precalculation anode prices: higher prices are associated with oil coke, coal asphalt, etc., mainly affected by crude oil prices.
In 2022, the domestic tax averaged $7,172 per tonne of precipitous poles. Since this year, with the return of crude oil prices, the tax averaged 6253 per ton of precalculation poles in January-May of the year. Electricity costs: combined with the change in utility costs in Yunnan, average electricity consumption costs (including taxes) are expected to be 0.40 per ton for 23-25 years.
Tons of aluminium manufacturing costs: Based on these two core assumptions, 23-25 years of untaxed single tons of aluminium electrolysis is projected to cost 1.33/1.33.13 million yuan per tonne. Aluminium product sales: based on the 23-year business plan set out in the company ' s 22-year annual report and taking into account Yunnan ' s hydropower characteristics, projected
Aluminium products sold by the company in 23-25 years were 22 55/263.5/26.35 million tons, respectively. (2.55 million tons are guided by the company’s 23-year business plan), which takes into account the production restrictions caused by the water and electricity shortages in Yunnan since this year: 24 and 25 years of sales assumptions, based mainly on the electricity restrictions in Yunnan over the past two years, assume that Yunnan has two quarterly voltage-down loads per year, one of which is
40% every quarter, 20% every quarter)