High-elastic aluminium taps, 07/05/2023 Keyword: #Short assets # product price increases
The company is located in Yunnan, with hydropower aluminium as its core product, covering the entire industry chain from bauxite to aluminium alloy products. By the end of 2022, it had 3.05 million tons of hydropower aluminium, an annual energy source, in the forefront of the industry.
▪ The electrolytic aluminium industry: supply and demand continue to be good, costly or profitable. The supply side is expected to push close to 45 million tons of capacity in 2023, with short-term low-water consumption leading to electricity stress, load management, and increased production limits in the south-west, while the demand side, the three arrows, is expected to untie the real estate industry.
The bottom-to-end recovery is expected to fully boost the demand for electrolytic aluminium; in addition to the significant increase in the demand for photovoltaics and new energy vehicles, it is expected that the demand for electrolytic aluminium will continue to increase; and the cost end-to-end surplus of aluminium oxide and the power-coal price drops, and the supply and demand of electrolytic aluminium will improve, and we believe that the profitability of electrolytic aluminium will recover.
Aluminium has the lowest market value and the highest price elasticity industry: based on the capacity of companies to produce electrolyte aluminum and market value, we measure the lowest market value of a company with only $20,000, far from 20,000 tons, 3.05 million tons of hydro-aluminum, 800,000 tons of apogee carbon, 20,000 tons of graphite cathode, and 20,000 tons of aluminium.
Green aluminium integration industry of 1.57 million tons of alloys, with a cost advantage: the company’s full capacity is located in Yunnan, where the share of electricity and water in the structure is about 88.6%; it benefits from low-cost hydroelectricity in Yunnan, which is combined with electricity in Yunnan.
And with the addition of the European carbon tax policy, companies are expected to enjoy significant cost advantages in the future.  Management improvement + asset quality, profitability: state-owned reforms continue to advance, with management buying shares participating.
The company’s elastic growth, asset turnover and net interest rates on sales have also increased dramatically, the company’s asset structure has been significantly optimized, the profitability and asset quality have improved significantly. More elasticity, future carbon tax additions are expected to benefit from cost advantages, and the company’s valuation is therefore lower.
Hydro-Aluminium Dragons, U.S. Holdings 1.1. Hydro-Aluminium Precursors, Yunnan Aluminium Aluminium Co. Ltd. was founded in 1970 and converted in 1998 in Shenzhen.
Exchange ipo is on the market (code: 000807). The company is the backbone of Yunnan Province, which the State has focused on supporting. It is also the only “national environmental friendly enterprise” among the country's industry of colour, and in the western provinces of China. Different from other aluminium plants, which use fire power to produce electrolytic aluminium, the company has for many years taken advantage of Yunnan's hydro-energy advantage and seized State support for Yunnan Province.
Accommodating the policy opportunities of “green energy medals”, focusing on the low-carbon, clean and sustainable production model of “integrating hydroelectric aluminium processing”, accelerating the construction and production of hydropower aluminium projects, and creating the integration of the “bauxite-Oxides-Carbon Products-Aluminium Smelting-Aluminium Processing” industrial chain, which facilitates corporate synergies and controls upstream.
Cost, upgrade of the company’s landing space and anti-risk capabilities. Figure 1: Aluminium shares in development history. The company’s main business is bauxite mining, aluminium oxide, green aluminium, aluminium processing and aluminium charcoal production and distribution.
The main products sold are aluminium oxide, alumina with anorexic carbon, graphite cathodes, aluminum for remelting, aluminum, aluminium poles, aluminum alloys, aluminum welds, etc. From upstream resources to downstream products, the company’s products cover the entire chain of the metal aluminium industry.
Aluminium is an important and indispensable raw material for the electrolytic aluminium industry at the top of the cell, and an essential and indispensable material for the electrolytic aluminium industry at the bottom of the cell.
High conductivity, heat conductivity, resistance to sodium sodium leachate and antithropic seismicity, significant advantages in large electrolytic cell currents, enhanced production and energy conservation Major raw materials for aluminium production, primary and deep processing after remelting for aluminium products
Aluminium remelting, widely used in electronics, aerospace, transport, optical applications and chemical metallurgical industries, mainly for the production of high-voltage capacitors, high-performance conductors, integrated circuit keys
Aluminium poles are used in the production of electrical wires, cables and tubes in such industries as electricity, communications, machinery, etc.
Aluminium alloys, aluminium alloys (including aluminium alloys), etc., mainly in the fields of aerospace, orbital traffic, ships, cars, architectural decorations, 3c electronics, packaging printing, etc.
Welding for aluminium components in aviation, ships, automobiles, orbital traffic
Ten thousand tons, 800,000 tons of aromatic carbon, 20,000 tons of graphite cathode, and 1.57 million tons of aluminium alloys have had an advantage in the size of the green aluminium integrated industry. In 2022, the sales of corporate casting aluminum alloys grew by about 10 per cent in comparison with the previous year, the domestic market accounted for 26 per cent.
The company’s most recent direct holdings are China Aluminium Industries Inc., with a direct shareholding ratio of 29.10%; indirect holdings are China Aluminium Industries Group Ltd., with a total share ratio of 42.1% and China Aluminum.
The group is owned by 100% of the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, and the company actually controls the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. The company’s original shareholders and the real owners are Yunnan Metallurgical Group, which then achieves complementarities and mutual benefits in order to consolidate and exploit Yunnan’s non-ferrous metal resources and the Chinese aluminium group’s leading position in China’s non-ferrous metals industry.
In November 2018, the Chinese government and China Aluminum Group signed the Unpaid Transfer Agreement for Yunnan Metallurgical Group Inc., transferring the holding company Yunmelon’s shares to China’s copper industry, a subsidiary of China’s Aluminium Group.
The Council of State ' s State Finance Committee; in January 2020, the company issued non-public shares to the Chinese aluminium industry (601,600), the latter on the basis of competition, and the group committed itself to completing business integration within five years; in December 2021, the company again issued a stock in private, while the share of the Yunmel Group decreased from 35.48 per cent to 32 per cent, while the share of the aluminium in China decreased by 0.03 pt;
On 24 July 2022, the company signed an agreement with the Chinese aluminium industry on the transfer of shares to the Chinese aluminium industry by means of a non-public agreement, transferring a share of 19.00 per cent of the total stock of the company; in November 2022, the company issued a notice of change of shareholders in the holding stock, the Yunmel Group ceased to be shareholders in the company, and the shares in the Chinese aluminium became the company's first major shareholder and became the company's first shareholder.
China's aluminium shares are directly owned by the company, the company's undistributed shares are distributed to China's aluminium shares, and the company's undisclosed shares are distributed.
It's down to 32%, with the share in the Aluminium stock, and the company's share in the Aluminium Company is no longer in control of the company through a non-public agreement.
The transfer of shares in industry, the transfer of shares in the company’s total stock, and the emergence of China’s aluminum shares as the company’s first “strong hand” with China’s aluminium industry have produced better synergies. On the one hand, the consolidation and upgrading of the business position of the two enterprises through interest-fixing has been accompanied by a greater ability to compete with the power provider, the South Network, and local governments.
On the other hand, the two sides have managed to deploy and share upstream resources, downstream channels, and so on. Especially for alumina, the raw materials of electrolytic aluminium are not sufficient for self-sufficiency, and medium aluminium, as a stable supplier of upstream resources, makes it unnecessary to maintain a long-term high inventory of aluminium oxide and to reduce the volatility of the inventory of aluminium oxide.
1.3. The high growth in profit margins, deep-culturated aluminium smelters and the company ' s performance in recent years have been followed by a steady increase in operating income since 2017, while the net return profit was reversed in 2019 after a net loss of $1.47 billion in 2018 and increased at a high rate in the last three years.
The price of aluminium fell in 2018, and the company’s growth in production levelled off the negative effects of price falls, but in that year a large amount of asset impairments were applied, and a one-time clean-up of historical baggage resulted in a net loss of $1.47 billion for the entire year 2018. In 2019, with the formal admission of aluminium to China, the company continued to work.
In 2021, the company achieved a significant increase in its business performance in the same year, with a billion yuan growth of 267.74 per cent in the same year and a “three-in-one” increase in its business performance, which has reached an all-time high. Figure 4: Sustained high growth in corporate operating income over the last five years
From the point of view of the composition of the revenues, the company removed its other asset loads in 2018, with the company's electrolytic aluminium and aluminium-processing products earning 22,337 million yuan, or more than 40 per cent of the proceeds, and the aluminium-processing product, $25,712 million, or nearly 60 per cent of the remaining revenues. The Māori rate was 17.18 per cent and 13.16 per cent, respectively.
None of the products is directly generated, the product is supplied to the company for downstream production, reflecting its model of industrial chain integration, and the rest of the aluminium raw materials are obtained through the procurement of medium aluminium. On the financial side, the company benefits from the Chinese aluminum masters, and the financial structure of the company is gradually being optimized as a State-owned equity enterprise.
The company’s interest-bearing bond structure continues to be optimized, the ratio of short-term borrowings has declined, the ratio of long-term borrowing has increased, short-term repayment pressures have been reduced, and the quality of liabilities has gradually increased. In addition, the company’s accounts receivable and notes receivable have also increased over the last two years.
Aluminium (ai) is a silver white metal with a content of less than oxygen and silicon in the crust, with excellent properties such as light mobility, high conductivity, high conductivity, corrosion resistance, and important materials such as machinery, electricity, aerospace, ship manufacturing, automobile manufacturing, packaging, construction, transport and real estate, which occupy an important place in the national economy.
2.1. The supply bottleneck is near, with electricity restrictions intensifying, and by 2017, Chinese production of electrolytic aluminium rose from 3.85 million tons to a high of 4,356 million tons, increasing at an annual compound rate of 15.83 per cent. Since 2015, our global production of electrolytic aluminium has exceeded 50 per cent.
Domestic electrolytic aluminium production was 37.32 million tons, 38.92 million tons and 4.039 million tons, respectively.Announced in 2018, the Circular on the Implementation of Energy Replacement Matters by the Electrolytic Aluminium Enterprise through Merger Reorganization established an energy ceiling of 45 million tons for the electrolytic aluminium industry; as of January 2023, the country had electrolysis.
Aluminium production capacity of 4,423,000 tons is limited in the future, and effective capacity of 4,029 million tons.On or about 18 February 2023, Yunnan Electric Aluminium Industries again received a power limit on pressure reduction loads.
The charge rate has increased to about 40%. This is the third round of massive power restrictions following two rounds of power restrictions in September 2022. On about 10 September 2022, the Yunnan electrolytic aluminium industry opened the first round of power restrictions, reducing initial pressure by 10%. On about 16 September, the Yunnan electrolytic aluminium industry started the second round of power restrictions, increasing pressure reduction loads to 15-30%.