The performance met expectations and the nationalization pattern was very effective - Shanxi wine (60809) was reported in mid-2019. Incident: Shanxi wine released its mid-2019 report and 20199H1 achieved operating income of 6777 million
Dollar, 22.30 per cent increase in the same year; net return to the mother ' s profit of $1,190 million, 26.28 per cent increase in the same year; of this, performance met expectations, costs were higher and cash flows significantly improved.
Interest rates increased by 1.81 percentage points to 71.46 per cent over the same period, indicating further optimization of the company ' s product structure; sales cost increased by 3.58 percentage points to 21.57 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the expansion of the off-provincial market size, the increase in forward investment in the market base and the increase in end-to-end inputs: net interest rates decreased by 0.20 per cent over the same period
During the same period, the cash flow improved significantly, mainly as a result of increased sales earnings and increased discounts.
The wine and the wine series have generated $5.634 billion and $481 million, respectively, and we believe that the wine and the wine series will now be driven by two wheels, and that the company will rise fully.
The advantage is that it is expected to increase market access at the sub-higher end; (2) light bottle bottling is expected to become a national monolith, based on good wine, strong branding and lucrative channels; and (3) alcohol series will contribute $1 billion in the future, with a deep confluence of manufacturers.
The market layout of the “1+3+3+13” was advanced year by year, the provincial market ensured rapid growth and virtuous development, and the focus of the extra-provincial and sub-provincial markets broke through, leading to a 50% breakthrough in the share of out-of-camps in the 2019h1 province, with significant results in nationalization.
The net profits of the shareholders of the parent company were 18.59, 22.94 and 2,752 million yuan, respectively; the equivalent of 32.72 per cent and 32.72 per cent, respectively.
In view of the overall improvement in the company's product, channels, and institutions, we are looking forward to the continued rise in the market share and the emergence of the photobottle as a national monolith.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a free-trader in Chengdu China.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.