The company published the mid-2019 report, which generated $637 million (+22.3 per cent) in 19H1 and returned to the mother.
1.190 billion yuan (+26.28 per cent), net gain of $1,189 million (+25.84 per cent). 19q2 has been collected half-time, mission half-time, nationwide expansion has been successful: 1) products have been distributed, and the green bouquets have been brought together.
In a grass-roots study, the first half of the age, the boom, the q1 q1 continued to hold the price, and the market of more than 20 q2 sq. increased the price; the octopus led four large singles, which were connected to the Chinese pipeline, expanded coverage and storage rates, combined with price-adjusted leverage and quotas.
The system is managed around the core market and the overall strategy of the Bottle, through a combination of end-volume and regional controls, requiring a marketing rate of 80 per cent for the end-place, ensuring that the shop has a roof and raising the rate of user hits. 2) Sub-regions continue to move from pan-nationalization to national branding.
Year after year, the company identified a major market (Sanxi), three main clusters (Kyotsu, Shiru, Xiaomong), three small market blocks (Waodong, Lakes, Southeast), 13 open-opportunity out-of-provincial market groups, and channels tracked the growth of the provincial market brands, and multiple market segments.
The Mäori rate is 71.46% (+1.81 ptt), and given the combined influence of the low Mäori group in the first half of the year, structural upgrades + price increases contribute significantly to Mäori rates. During the year, the company injected all of its alcohol assets into the public company, except for the increase in size and size.
In addition to the original alcohol production, it means a lot to thin and focus on major brands. 4)) Sales costs. Sales costs increase by 3.58 pt over the same year, mainly due to the corresponding increase in the cost of outreach and outreach costs during the expansion period outside the province. 808 million yuan, or +38.3% of the total, and 174 million yuan for market expansion.
The country changed the mark, starting in 19 with a surplus of 10,2 Shanxi Wine (60809): Shanxi's Qing Lilong Head and White Liquor's country's changed the mark. The company completed its three-year goal in 2017-2018.
2019 Starts a new journey. In addition to its own marketing reforms, it will start synergizing with Huayun: the rhythm is well controlled, with the potential to open up vulnerable regional markets through Chinese channels and resources.
The incentive to start a business with long-term officers of the core staff is further stimulated by the incentives of the 10,000 shares.
Stock Incentive Schemes and Group Infusion of Liquor Business Base Measurements, 19-21 Income Target Increases, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a Portfolio Investment Advisory Board