The product structure is being upgraded in parallel with the outside world, and the target is being achieved throughout the year.
On August 27, 2019, billions of yuan exceeded provincial income for the first time, the same year +48.8 per cent, while out-of-provincial income rose from 42.57 per cent to 50.14 per cent of total income of 18h1, a significant increase of 7.57ppt.
From January to May, out-of-provincial incomes grew at a rate of more than 50% in 22 provincial markets. On the provincial front, companies achieved 31.49 at the end of May.
The sales/management/finance rate is 21.58%/5.07%/0.56%, respectively, and the cost rate for the period is the same as +4.42 ppt, of which 3.57 ppt is the core item, mainly the expansion of the company's out-of-town and terminal markets.
Net interest rate is 19.84%, a decrease of 0.2 ppt over the same period. Net cash flows from operating activities amount to approximately $1,691 million, a larger increase compared to the corresponding period last year of 2.6 million, mainly as a result of increased sales receipts and discounts for the current period.
The significant increase in the total amount received in advance is indicative of the high quality of the current statement and the potential for growth in the second half of the year that has not been overstretched.
With only 5 per cent of China's current channels, the company is also accelerating effective interface, resource-sharing and synergistic development with China's management, marketing, and is expected to achieve key breakthroughs in management, marketing, real resource-sharing between the two sides, market co-building and co-operation, and effective improvement in the quality and efficiency of the mix.
The economic downturn has dragged demand, the pace of performance was not as high as expected, food safety issues, etc.
Quick change of gear, focusing on sub-highly famous and high-quality real-estate wine, 2. People's Food Beverage Strategy 2019:
Company financial statement data projections are summarized in Jed, Bachelor of Economics, Master of Arts, Beijing University. Entered the securities industry in 2011 and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities. Jo Mon Qiu, Master of Accounting, Central University of Finance and Economics, 1 year ' s experience in auditing the construction of energy estates at Deloitte and Touche, joined in November 2017.
Research in the steel industry, now Food and Beverage & Agricultural Research Assistant. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.