Treasure software (600845) Computers, steel flooding, idc expansion readiness, southwest securities research and development centre
• Corporate profile: The company is a dual-source business in industrial informatization and idc operations. The company has been formed to deepen the iron and steel information sector, providing a complete information-based solution to the parent company's Treasure Steel Group, and is also increasingly exploring non-steel business expansion with other steel export programmes.
idc, the company's deep-deep idc Shanghai market, has a clear competitive advantage. Currently, idc has become the company's Quick-Acceleration cloud applications, and the company's idc portfolio has performed well. 2020q1 epidemic impacts Treasure Letter software.
The company’s revenue fell only marginally by 7.4%, the non-profit share of the year increased by 34.6%, and the Maori rate rose by 6.4 pp, representing a higher than expected performance of the idc business. The company completed full delivery of the fourth phase of the Treasure Cloud 2019q3 and the company’s iron and steel information business is in a booming cycle, with further performance as the ability to implement it increases.
Software development and engineering services increased by 24.4 per cent by the same year in 2019, far more than the previous high-value orders, such as those of the mes class, that had led to an increase in the Māori rate of the plate;
• The company's idc operations were gradually deployed from Shanghai to the country, with year-round performance. The first 5,000 targets, or 20%, were obtained by the 2019q4 company and the Shanghai Power Letter. The company is expected to continue to receive 30,000 new idc targets in 2020: the first phase of the Wuhan Data Park, in which the company participated in 2019, began to be built.
The company announced on May 28 that the second restricted stock plan was first granted to register, and that the award, including the chairman of the board of directors, would be made by the company’s president.
A total of 645 people, including senior and middle management and core cadres, accounted for 15,245 million shares of total corporate equity The company's leading position in industrial informatization and idc and the scarcity of idc resources in first-line cities, for the first time, covered the “holding” rating.
And it is expected that: the traditional order of operations affected by macroeconomic impacts will fall short of expectations. 1 Demand surged with policy add-ons, idc approaching the rapid expansion phase idc (internetdatacenter), the Internet data centre, is a centralized repository of large computer systems (including but not limited to)
It is not limited to servers, storage, and network equipment) and maintains its arithmetic infrastructure for safe, stable and continuous operation.
On this basis, idc operators provide their clients with Internet basic services (including server hosting, virtual hosting, storage, etc.) as well as various value-added services (including: rental services for the site, domain name system services, database systems, data backup systems, etc.). idc operators in the country are usually provided to the three major operators of telecommunications, as well as to tweaks, Ali, etc.
The first cloud service provider, commonly known as the wholesale idc business; some of the idc operators directly provide services to downstream customers, partly called retail idc business. Under the effects of the epidemic, cloud applications accelerate the outbreak growth, highlighting the idc numeracy bottlenecks.
Because of the need to combat the epidemic, cloud face recognition, smart voice, smart security, etc. applications have surged; the need to ensure normal productive life in society, Saas on-line office, online education, online medical care, etc., has also surged rapidly; and the first day of the country's online office, on 3rd, was the first day of the country's operations, as Ali and Teng, the country's most capable service provider, with the flag nailed.
With the growth of cloud-end applications, the rapid growth of idc-based big-scale data pulls demand for idc-building. The idc consulting firm defined the concept of a global data loop: core (traditional and cloud data centres), edges (reinforcing infrastructure such as base stations and branches) and endpoints (electricity)
China’s data centre’s complex market growth rate will remain at close to 30% a year. The policy dividend will boost idc’s build-up.
In highlighting the need to accelerate the construction of new infrastructure, the meeting defined seven areas of “new infrastructure”, the first of which was mentioned by the Centre. In April 2020, for the first time, the National Development and Reform Commission defined the new infrastructure and the data centre as an element of arithmetic infrastructure. On 30 April 2020, the CVM and the Commission jointly issued the Trust Fund for the Promotion of Real Property Investment in Infrastructure (reits)
As a new infrastructure, idc fulfils the conditions for the distribution of reits.
China’s movement announced last year that $100 billion by 2022 would be invested in building mobile wons. On April 20, 2020, Aliyun’s official announced that 200 billion will be invested over the next three years in the core technology of cloud operating systems, servers, chips, networks, etc.
On May 26, 2020, the Quake Clouds and Smart Industries Group announced that 500 billion dollars will be invested over the next five years for the new infrastructure, which will help to upgrade the digitalization of the industry. Focused areas include cloud computing, artificial intelligence, block chains, servers, large data centres, centres of excellence, network operating systems, etc.
5g network, audio and video communications, network security, quantum computing, etc.
Bo-Sin software (600845.h) is a listed company holding shares in China’s BMW Steel Group Limited. Since 1978, Bo-Sin software has been working on the iron and steel information plate business, which is dedicated to the overall efficiency of the steel industry, leading the manufacturing industry’s intellectual transformation. In recent years, the company’s information business has begun to expand from steel to medicine, chemical engineering, equipment manufacturing, etc.
With the rapid development of technologies such as cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence, companies are actively promoting a new generation of information infrastructure from Shanghai to the whole country. Companies are actively pursuing the strategy of industrial Internet platforms, using “Internet+Advanced Manufacturing” as a guide to manufacturing.
Digitalization, networking, intellectual transformation upgrading. Table 2: Business Classification of Treasure Software. Corporate performance: Total annual revenues of 6.85 billion yuan in 2019. Growth of 17.7 per cent in comparison with year of year: Realization of affiliation.
The net profit of shareholders in listed companies was 880 million yuan, representing an increase of 99.8 per cent in the same year (received from retroactive adjustments to prior fiscal years' reports, with real profits increasing by 31.4 per cent); the net non-net profit of 840 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies was realized, representing an increase of 38.7 per cent in the same year: 1.30 billion yuan in operating income for 2020q1, representing a decrease of 7.4 per cent in the same year:
Combined growth in business income by 2019 was 14.8 per cent and net profit by parent was 29.5 per cent. Corporate ownership structure: software development and engineering services accounted for approximately 67 per cent, outsourcing services accounted for about 30 per cent and systems integration accounted for about 3 per cent.
The portfolio continued to rise from 18.3 per cent to 30.1 per cent, mainly as a result of the continued expansion of the firm ' s idc operations, with the build-up rate continuing to rise. The Māori share of software development and engineering services was about 53 per cent, the Māori share of services outsourced was about 45 per cent, and the Māori share of systems integration operations was about 3 per cent.
Software development and engineering services, broken down by the calibre of the company’s business, mainly comprising millions of dollars, such as mes, erp, etc., in information-based business, increased by 24.4% compared to 24.4% in the same year, and the Māori rate increased by 3.83 pp, mainly due to short-term internal wisdom following the merger of the BMW Steel Group.
Increased demand for manufacturing and the relative competitiveness of business in the mes category, and the corresponding higher Māori rate, which raises the overall Māori ratio of software engineering operations. Track 2020q1 transport, automation, etc. engineering services are lagging behind in terms of the impact of the epidemic, recognition of lower revenues, and release of orders will be delayed in the next quarter.
The consolidation will result in a further enhancement of the company ' s software implementation capacity and an acceleration in the release of performance on hand orders. Service outsourcing panels, classified by the calibre of the company ' s operations, will include, inter alia, maintenance and maintenance of information systems in information-based operations, maintenance and maintenance of the smart business inter-trading system and operation of idc and cloud computing.
By the dollar, 19.4% over the same period, the Māori rate has increased slightly. Overall delivery for the main Treasure Clouds project has been more than 80%, slightly more than 80%, and the uphill rate is close to 100%, reflecting an oversupply of idc resources on the side.
The main elements of the operation are the maintenance and maintenance of information systems, followed by the maintenance and maintenance of information systems, orbital traffic vehicle systems control components; since the company's launch of the idc operation through the Treasure Clouds series in 2014, the idc operation has now become a point of sustained growth in the company's performance.
System integration plates, mainly hardware sales and related integrated services (the ratio is small). The year-round collection of 2019 has absorbed unacknowledged costs from previous years over the previous year, resulting in a negative Māori rate in 2018, a change in corporate progress focus in 2019, and a major move to reduce hardware sales with less value added.
The overall upward trend in the Māori rate level is 27.9 per cent and 30.0 per cent, mainly due to the restructuring of corporate operations. The higher Māori ratio of idc operations has been further optimized with the rapid growth of the Idc business block.The company ' s profit structure is expected to continue to improve with the continued expansion of the subsequent Idc operations.
3 companies with fast growth and full potential for subsequent expansion The company's current Idc operations have been delivered steadily, with a steady increase in the rate of listing. Since its entry into the Idc business in 2013, the company has rapidly become a domestic head idc supplier by the end of 2019. During this period, the company has been on board through the Treasure Cloud series of Idc operations.
There has been a steady increase in the number of cabinets, with a total of about 27,000 containers in four phases to date. The company has been positioned as a wholesale idc supplier, with long-term contracts of at least 10 years with telecommunications operators and telecommunications, and with Chinese Taibo.
Since 2018, the first-line Shanghai Shenzhen policy in Beijing has tightened, with higher requirements for new Idc sites, energy consumption standards, supporting facilities, etc.
In November 2019, the first 25,000 idc were announced, and in March 2020, the Shanghai Economic and Social Commission announced a call for 30,000 new idc performance indicators, which are expected to be further developed.
Given the imbalance between supply and demand, the company has the potential to take advantage of land resources in the country’s expansion process. After a tight policy on new city Idc, deep north Idc resources are in a structural state of scarcity, first-line urban utilization and prices.
This year, giants like Ali Tseng and others were deployed on the front line of the city (Southerton/Nanjing/Janbei et al.) plus coded idc, with limited space for incremental use due to such influences as pue and network delay. Treasureware has a unique geographical resource advantage in the context of the steel upgrade, including the U-Xuant steel plant in Shanghai, the south-south steel plant in Nanjing, and the south-south steel plant in Nanjing.
As the parent company’s Treasure Steel Group continues to integrate, or have more land resources released. Assumption 1: The company has a clear lead as the recipient of the BMG Information Systems Order, internal and external orders are clear.
It is assumed that corporate software development and engineering services will increase at a rate of 30% over the next three years. The higher overall Māori ratio of the steel information component will drive the overall Māori rate of the software development and engineering portfolio up, assuming no: no: cloud computing plant capital spending will continue to grow at a high rate, end-of-end data will raise demand for idc services, not expected
Over the last three years, the idc sector has grown at a compound rate of over 30%. Assuming that: 5,000 containers jointly approved for 2019q4 in Chinese telecommunications were completed by the end of the year; and that in 2020, 30,000 indicators were obtained for the new Idc target letter in Shanghai: 2,000 containers were delivered for the Vuhan Big Data Park I project;
The overall Māori rate of outsourcing of services has been maintained at around 45 per cent. Scenario 4: Other operations, such as systems integration, smart cities, and itvi, have remained stable.
The company ' s iron and steel operations are in a booming cycle, benefiting from the continued trend of consolidation of the company ' s Treasure Steel Group and the intelligent transformation of the country ' s steel plants; the firm ' s idc business is deep-deep on the Shanghai market, the wholesale business orientation leads to deep binding between the company and its operators and other partners, and the duration of the contract is long, given the uneven pattern of supply and demand of idc resources in the first line of cities.
In combination with the company’s excellent idc operations management capacity and land mass resource excellence, it is expected that the company will continue to receive the Shanghai idc indicator and the subsequent expansion of the national market. Considering that two other leading companies in the industry averaged 51 times the pe in 2020, given the firm’s certainty and stability, the first coverage will be given to “possession”
The idc energy consumption indicator is not as good as expected: either the progress in the construction of the idc project or the national expansion of the idc is not as good as expected: the traditional order of operations influenced by macro-economics is not as good as expected. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.