Treasure software (600845): two-wheel drive for smart manufacturing and idc operations, industrial software operations, Treasure software
The company is a listed software company with shares in steel. The company's products and services perform well in steel, transport, medicine, and, yes.
Millions of yuan, or 38.73 per cent more than the previous year. 2020q1, the company raised 1,298 million yuan, a decline in the same year in many industries, such as color, chemical, equipment, finance, public services, water and water, and promoted the flow of information from manufacturing enterprises.
7.40 per cent of the net return profit of $274 million, an increase of 45.86 per cent in the same year, $262 million in the non-net profit of the reduction, automation towards the creation of intelligence, and continuous enhancement of the intelligence margin, an increase of 34.56 per cent in the same year.
The company performed well in 2020 under the influence of the q1 epidemic. The fall in corporate revenue - 7.40% in the first quarter, leading to the development of technology and the provision of comprehensive cloud computing and data centres.
The impact of the epidemic, with net return to mothers increasing by 45.86 per cent over the year, is mainly due to an increase in Maori rates of 6.61 pc and other gains resulting from a similar increase in the number of government (idc), big data, unmanned, industrial robotics, subsidized funds and government projects (+102.22 per cent),
These products and services, such as networking, have evolved over the years into solutions for China’s leading industrial software industry, with a robust overall performance. Net cash flows from corporate operations decreased by 47.52 per cent in the first quarter of the year.
Mainly due to low repayments due to the epidemic and the high settlement of notes in receipts; net cash flows from investment activities increased by $246 million, mainly due to the completion of phase IV of the Idc construction, investment 2020-04-29 Shareholders ' conference, consideration of restricted phase II
Lower expenditures; net cash flows from fund-raising activities increased by $22 million, mainly from the subsidiary, Bo-Kang, whose software development and idc operations were well developed in 2019, with a large increase in corporate revenues, based on the collection structure.
An increase of 24.37 per cent in the period and an increase of 3.83 pct in the Māori rate, mainly due to the increased demand for martial arts manufacturing, increased the Māori rate for the software engineering business as a whole as a percentage of business income; an increase of 19.36 per cent in the revenue from services outsourcing operations and an increase of 0.98 pct over the same period last year, mainly in the National Delivery of Treasure Clouds
The project as a whole achieved a build-up rate of more than 80 per cent and successfully completed the delivery of the corresponding node; system integration business income decreased by 48.38 per cent compared to the same period last year, and the Maori rate increased by 19.47 pct, mainly a subsidiary, the Steel Industries Group (now Wuhan Boshin) absorbed the unrecognised costs of the previous year in 2018, resulting in a gross year.
Interest rates are negative, with business restructuring focused in 2019 to reduce the value-added hardware sales. In terms of profit structure, the high Māori ratio of idc has further optimized the company’s business structure and increased profitability.
Research assistant: Wei Zong, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
There is a promise that industrial software will be followed up by a two-wheel drive for smart manufacturing and idc operations, that future corporate idc operations will become a new engine for profit growth, and that corporate traditional smart manufacturing operations will continue to have a performance growth space.
Capital advantages make it very difficult for backward firms to catch up with the size of the Treasure Letter: technological advantages have led companies to receive the first idc energy consumption target in Shanghai. 5,000 racks, or 20%. In the traditional intelligent manufacturing business, a merger and repurchase of the Treasure Group system has led to significant new business demands; The heating and concentration of the steel industry has created a space for performance growth in Treasure Software: the growth of the non-Golden system and the expansion of the non-steel market has led to an increase in business.
“New infrastructure” has become a new counter-cyclical adjustment tool, and industrial software has become a first-requirer for intelligent manufacturing, and, under the two-track lead layout of corporate intelligence-making + smart cities, it is hoped that policy gains will fully benefit from the industry’s long-term dividend. The growth in traffic brought by 5g commerce and the rapid development of the domestic cloud computing market will also continue to boost demand in the idc sector.
Increased concentration in the steel industry, as proposed in the Guidance to Promote the Merger of the Steel Industry and Reorganization of Zombie Dealers, will also provide room for performance growth in the Treasure Software in terms of the ability of companies to pay fees and the increased need for information.
On April 22, 2020, the company published its annual report for 2019 and its quarterly report for 2020. In 2019, the company achieved revenues of $6,849 million, an increase of the same amount.
17.69 per cent, net profit attributable to the mother, 879 million yuan, a retroactive increase of 99.83 per cent (the company completed a merger under the same control in July 2019, Wuhan Boshin, restatement of prior comparative consolidated statements in accordance with accounting standards and information disclosure requirements), without taking into account the real increase in retroactive adjustments at a rate of 31.42 per cent, and non-net profit attributed to the mother, at 838 million yuan, an increase of 38.73 per cent.
Slip 7.40%, resulting in net profit to the mother of $274 million, an increase of 45.86%, and non-net profit to the mother of $262 million, an increase of 34.56%. Corporate software development and idc were well developed in 2019, and company performance increased significantly by combining the martial arts and steel industry group.
The industrial software business is expected to be followed up by a two-wheel drive of the smart manufacturing and idc business. In July of that year, the same controlled merger of the martial arts and steel industry group (now Wu Han Bo-shin) was completed. The martial arts and steel industry group lost $229 million in the same period of the previous year.
The operating income from software development and engineering services was $4.570 billion, an increase of 24.37 per cent over the same period last year, and the Maori rate of 3.83 pct, a major increase in the demand for the manufacturing of martial arts, which increased the overall Māori rate for software engineering. This business refers mainly to smart manufacturing such as mes;
The operating income from services outsourcing was $2,055 million, an increase of 19.36 per cent over the same period last year, and the Maori rate was 0.98 pct. The main country with a total project delivery rate of over 80 per cent and a successful completion of construction delivery of the corresponding node. Until 2013, this business referred to the maintenance and maintenance of information systems: after 2013, its business content consisted mainly of the maintenance of information systems, orbital traffic system control components, and the maintenance of equipment.
Maintenance, cloud computing operations services, idc operations services, of which idc operations are becoming a new performance growth point for Treasurestone software; System Integration operations operating income of $209 million, 48.38 per cent less than the same period last year, and Māori rates increased by 19.47 ptt, mainly a subsidiary, The Steel Industries Group (now Wuhan Boshin) absorbed unrecognised costs from previous years in 2018, resulting in a negative Māori rate last year, starting in 2019.
The high Māori rate of idc has further optimized the company’s business structure and significantly increased its profitability. The Māori rate of idc is about two times that of soft development and five times that of system integration equipment.
The company performed well in 2020 under the influence of the q1 epidemic. The fall in corporate revenue in one quarter - 7.40 per cent, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, with net profit returns increasing by 45.86 per cent over the year, mainly due to an increase in the Maori rate of 6.61 pct and other gains resulting from the same increase in the volume of government-subsidized funds and government projects (+102.22 per cent), with overall robust performance. With regard to cash flows, net cash flows from corporate operations decreased by 47.52 per cent over the same period.
The net cash flows from investment activities increased by $246 million, mainly due to the closing phase of the four phases of the construction of the idc and reduced investment expenditures; and net cash flows from financing activities increased by $22 million, mainly due to the short-term borrowing of the subsidiary Bocang Electronics by $20 million: an overall cash flow of $738.3 million.
Corporate software development has grown steadily and idc has become a new engine of growth. From 2014 to 2019, corporate services outsourcing increased from 13.49 per cent to 30.00 per cent of total revenue, software development from 77.03 per cent to 66.72 per cent of total revenue, and the idc business has evolved to become a source of revenue.
One of the heartes. With the de-capitulation of the steel industry in 2015, the outsourcing of services in the two main collections has remained at a high growth rate of 31.01 per cent, while software development has declined by 4.93 per cent, and since 2015 the revenue growth of services outsourcing has been higher than that of software development, maintaining a high rate of growth and showing that idc is becoming a new growth engine for companies.
The growth rate in 2019 was stable and robust with the outsourcing of services. Software development and outsourcing of services was a two-wheel-drive of corporate performance development. idc’s high Māori ratio further optimized the company’s business structure and significantly increased profitability. idc’s Māori ratio (44.68%) was about two times that of software start-up (23.86%) and about three times that of system integration equipment operations (16.55%) and continued to rise as idc’s share of total revenue continued to rise.
The company's business structure has been further optimized and profitability significantly enhanced. 1.2idc operations have become a new engine for profit growth idc (internetdatacenter), the Internet data centre, which is a central repository of computing, storage and network equipment, providing packages to clients
The industry’s operating model can be summarized as a front-loading of an engine room, where rent is charged on the basis of the amount of bandwidth and other resources used by the client, and is a heavy asset industry. The number of hangars on the idc operation continues to increase. The company has implemented four phases of the idc project, with a 100% signing rate and a minimum of ten contract terms.
In the future, the company will continue to expand its idc resources in the Shanghai region, and is expected to expand geographically in Wuhan, Nanjing, Shenzhen, etc.
Corporate idc operations have continued to grow in size, construction has steadily advanced and the upswing rate has been increasing; operational capacity has continued to increase, the level of operation of the drop-in project and the quality of services has been widely recognized by the industry, and operations management has been successfully validated through the m&o system and has become a benchmark for the industry; the export-carrying service derivative capacity has successfully moved the autonomous DMS to the market; and the strategic idc operation has been completed nationwide.
Development planning, launching of existing out-of-regional business expansion efforts; by exploring the resource advantages of integrating external partners, the idc industry biosphere is gradually being developed to support corporate and strategic customer industry upgrading. The Totobaa Group, the Treasure Letter software, has a great advantage in the idc business expansion:
The industry of idc is a highly asset-intensive industry, with a high upfront cost of land, and a large capital investment is needed to build the cabinet. Given capital inputs, the prices of first-line cities, and local restrictions, it is difficult for firms to catch up with the size of the Treasure Letter.
Treasurestone software (600845) is a two-wheel drive for smart manufacturing and idc operations, and industrial software operations are expected to follow up on the increase in profit space.
Rapid market expansion, although the threshold for applying for idc licence plates is low, there are strict energy consumption targets for idc in Shanghai, Beijing, and for new entrants, it is relatively difficult to apply for energy consumption targets because of insufficient operational experience.
In January 2019, three ministries, including the Ministry of Trade and Communications, issued Guidance on Enhancing Green Data Centers, with a target of 2022.
The energy efficiency of large, mega data centres is below 1.4. According to INIDE data, the national average of idc manufacturers exceeded 2 in 2018.
1.3 The growth of smart manufacturing operations is stable