The performance of the Beijing Bank in its semi-annual report for 2025 has been positive, with a single-season growth rate: 2025h1, corporate business income per annum +1.02%, and a return to the mother.
The net profit is equal to +1.12 per cent, with a negative q1 increase; the annual weighted average roe of 10.64 per cent, with an increase of 10 pct. The company’s marginal performance has improved, with the main beneficiary scale growing at a higher and medium rate, while the asset quality has improved steadily, with annualized credit costs equal to -13 bp, providing for continued counter-breeding net gains.
At one latitude, interest differential pressure is mainly influenced by lower interest rates on heavy pricing, lpr, and stock mortgages, with interest-bearing assets yielding at an annual rate of first-to-48bp, with loan returns at the beginning of the year-56bp. At the same time, the company’s enhanced cost-control of its liabilities has slowed down.
Research assistant Yuan Shijun’s loans were higher than 11.44 per cent at the beginning of the year, credit in priority areas was more dynamic, technology, green, inclusive, manufacturing continued to make a non-interested contribution, and the transformation of wealth management had been effective: 2025h1, with the company’s non-interest income at the same rate as the previous year.
At the same time, the transformation of digital wealth management has shown positive results, with agency and commission revenue having increased by +9.95 per cent. The company aum passed 1.3 trillion yuan, compared to 7.28 per cent at the beginning of the year; asset quality was stable and the level of risk offset remained adequate: as of the end of June, the company ' s non-performing lending rate was high.
Cash write-offs have increased significantly, and asset quality defenses have been secured. The company has provided 195.74% coverage, ring ratio 2.34pt. At the end of June, the corporate core level capital adequacy rate was 8.59%, ring ratio - 5bp. Investment proposals: the company has settled deep in Beijing and insists on a digital transition leading to five major transformations.
Figure 1: Bank revenue, net profit and speed of growth in Beijing: Bank of Beijing
Figure 3: Net interest income and growth rate of the Bank of Beijing, Figure 4: Net interest spread and negative return/cost rate of capital of the Bank of Beijing, Figure 5: Size and rate of increase of Bank of Beijing loans
Figure 6: Size and acceleration of bank lending to public and retail in Beijing, Figure 7: Structure of bank lending in Beijing, Figure 8: Growth of bank loans to retail in Beijing by year
Figure 9: Size and acceleration of bank deposits in Beijing Figure 10: Structure of bank deposits in Beijing Figure 11: Non-interest, intermediate operating income and acceleration of bank deposits in Beijing
Figure 12: Other non-interest income, returns on investment and speed of increase of the Bank of Beijing. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.