• Domestic growth pressure, falling performance in the first half of the year, corporate prices compared to the trend of 300 deep domestic markets, and monthly bidding data for medical equipment continued to improve since December 2024.
Because the current competition has become more intense, leading to a significant increase in the cycle from open tendering to revenue recognition, domestic revenues in the first half of the year actually correspond to a sharp decline in last year ' s bidding, adding to the effects of deviations in the distribution of the income base in the first half of last year, which led to a significant increase in domestic revenues in the first half of 2025.
A gradual start, with a recovery in the bidding for medical equipment in the first half of 2025, and a marked improvement in the domestic market in the third quarter, as expected.
2025h1 achieved $8.332 billion in overseas revenue (year-on-year + 5.39%), with double-digit growth in the conglomerates and the Central and East African region, and robust growth in the platform building as high-end offshore client groups break through and localize. The share of overseas income rose to about 50%.
With the development of the platform, the share of international income in the world is expected to increase over the next few years, with the developing countries maintaining a fast-growing trend and with more high-end clients breaking through, the level of international profitability is expected to rise steadily.
.ivd became the number one business, and the rate of growth of ivd overseas was prominent, and the in vitro-diagnostic production line reached $6,424 million in the first half of 2025, down by the same year.
16.11 per cent, however, the international in vitro diagnostic line grew in double digits on a year-on-year basis, with international revenues accounting for the product (300760): the overseas market supported the growth in performance and the share of the line rose further to 37 per cent, with the growth of the international chemical luminous business exceeding 20 per cent.
In overseas markets, companies have localized production projects in 14 countries around the world and now have 11 start-up projects, most of which involve in vitro diagnostic products.
The process of importing products from factories is well under way. The penetration rate of large samples from overseas continues to accelerate, with companies selling mt 8000 full-laboratory smart currents in the first half of the year 13 sets, with a cumulative total of 15 sales, and further growth in international in vitro diagnosis is expected in the second half of the year.
Speed up. As large-scale overseas samples break through continuous and mt 8000 stream sales, the international in vitro diagnostic line is expected to continue its rapid growth trend in the future. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open market information, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.