Murray Medical Care (300760.ch): 1h25 Performance Under pressure, 3q25 income is expected to recover on schedule, and the company's revenue and net profit growth is expected to increase more sharply in 2026.
Straight up to November, although the bidding situation has improved continuously since December of last year, the length of the period between the competitive bidding and the delivery of goods (approximately six months) has been extended by the intense competition, resulting in equipment solicitations not being reflected in 1h25 revenue; 2) international revenues have been equal to +5 per cent (percentage)
In part, affected by the high base for the same period last year, developing countries grew by about (ii) by a range of (i) ivd revenues per year - 16 per cent, mainly due to reagent collection prices and drg/dip policy advancement resulting in lower detection of partial testing projects, ivd in the country
The industry showed a downward trend in volume prices (about 20 per cent reduction in domestic terminal prices), and international operations were shown in 1h25 income, with medical imagery/life information versus support income equal to -23 per cent (of which international + 6 per cent)/same to -32 per cent (of which international + 13 per cent).
Although it is still open, the company has initially calculated that 3q25 revenues will grow at a positive year-on-year rate. On the domestic business side, we expect that as domestic equipment upgrade tenders recover, we will gradually turn into revenues, and income and net profit growth are expected to increase significantly in 2026. On the international business side, overseas receipts are expected.
• Investment risk: equipment upgrades are less profitable than expected, capture policy risks, industry restructuring impacts Sustained, medical new infrastructure slow down, geopolitical impacts.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report, PHPI International, expressed and assured its right to receive this report under the following conditions, and agreed to do so:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is compiled by the Group Information and other public information that is used by the Card Corps-Pulse International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as the International Securities of Pilgrim), which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely invest in, withdraw or otherwise rely on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.