Méri Medical (300760.sz) Medical Group Short-term pressure on the domestic market and outstanding international performance
1. Merri Medical Corporation Review: Growth in International Support, Growth of Domestic Demand, Growth of International Revenue Ratio, which is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year.
Growth is faster and is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year. Revenue from domestic operations has declined by more than 30% over the same period, mainly because of the length of the cycle between domestic open bidding and revenue recognition, and the first half.
The annual income reagent response fell during last year’s bidding period, transitioning as the demand for tender activity recovered. 2024.8.30 ivd’s operations performed prominently overseas and high-end products continued to be released.
The business generated $6,424 million, compared to 16.11 per cent, of which the international in vitro diagnostics business grew by double digits and the international chemical luminous business grew by more than 20 per cent. The life information and support business generated $5,479 million, equal to and 31.59 per cent of the revenue, of which the international business accounted for.
The share of production line revenue has risen to 67%. The medical image industry has achieved revenue of 3,312 million yuan, compared to 22.51%, while the share of international revenue in the production line has risen to 62%, and the continued use of a20 by the Trustresona a20 has resulted in the sale of nearly $400 million in ultra-high-end ultrasound series.
Ai's application layout leads, "Small" eco-promotion fast. In vitro diagnostics, companies promote "Sweety Ecology", based on interconnectivity, deep integration of equipment information, surrounding the five elements of "Man, Machine, Material, Law, Ring" and integrating with the depth of the testing process, one.
In the area of life information and support, the S.I.D.S. & E.D. model is designed specifically for the critical medical department, which combines equipment, data and ai technology, provides patient-to-patient monitoring and individualized diagnostic support and promotes serious illness.
In the field of medical imaging, the “Sweepic Ecology” is based on the insight of the clinical landscape of medical images, combining in depth new technological applications such as artificial intelligence, network of devices, 5g and cloud computing, contributing to the accurate diagnosis, homogeneity development of medical images as a whole.
Scientific innovation and the building of lean management: profit forecasting, valuation and rating Mergers and acquisitions are not aligned with expected risks; exchange rate fluctuations risk; R & D progress is less than expected;
Market competition increases the risk: the risk of collecting price reductions beyond expectations, etc. Analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market