Murray Medicals (300,760) Murray Medicals: Continuing high-end international breakthroughs, impending domestic markets, rising international markets, high-end breakthroughs.
(1) In the domestic market, the monthly bidding data for medical equipment since December 2024 have continued to improve, and the actual income of the country in the first half of the year corresponds to a sharp drop in the 2024 bidding, with the current period of increased competition leading to a significant lengthening of the cycle from open tendering to revenue recognition
Continued breakthroughs in high-end client groups, progressive improvements in capacity-building of localized platforms, and a balanced distribution of total stock/flow (billion shares) of regional revenues for global masters, with international corporate operations growing by 5.39 per cent in the first half of the year.
The overall market value/flow (millions of yuan) is fast, with faster growth in the international in vitro diagnostic line expected.ivd has relatively good operations, and the performance of the three tubes is expected for the second half of the year.
(1) ivd achieved revenues of $6,424 million in the first half of the year, a 16.11 per cent drop in the same year. But the international < Méri > medical point review reported that the high-speed growth overseas was higher than the double-digit growth, the income ratio rose to 37 per cent, and the international chemical light growth was more than 20 per cent.
The penetration rate of large samples of clients abroad continues to accelerate, and domestic exposure to multiple factors such as the prevailing competitive environment and continued deepening health-care reform has resulted in a < < Murray Medical Point Review Report on Market Tests and Prices: Maintenance of International Business > .
22.51 per cent of the increase in domestic operations followed by an increase in international medical images in medium-to-high digits and an increase in the international share.
62%. Global recognition of corporate brands is gradually gaining prominence, with international medical visual production expected to grow steadily and rapidly throughout the year < < Miri Medical Assessment Report: vd and the international industry. Domestic markets are temporarily affected by longer income recognition cycles.
Growth has been strong, and the “Swiss” have been a steady intellectual build-up, with income of $5.479 billion in the first half of the year on the lifeline and support line, a decline of 31.59 per cent over the same period, with the international share rising to 67 per cent. International markets are accelerating their penetration into high-end client groups and have successfully entered the United Kingdom.
More high-end hospitals in countries like France, Spain, India, Brazil, Mexico, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and the advantages of products and intellectual solutions have continued to grow. The domestic market, which has seen a two-year-long decline in the issuance of a special debt for new and expanded hospitals, has led to a number of new health infrastructure.
The construction cycle of the project was prolonged, while the cycle of open tendering to revenue recognition was extended, putting pressure on domestic life information and support lines for the first half of the year.
The decline in the Māori level and the maintenance of the cost rate is due to higher price pressures on the domestic market.
Of these, the combined Māori rate, the sales cost rate, the management cost rate, and the risk of less than anticipated replication in the second quarter of 2025.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.