Méri Medical (300760.sz) International operations have grown steadily over the same period, and the domestic market is expected to hit the corner in the third quarter. The domestic market has fallen on a higher base year after year, and the second quarter has seen a further round rise.
24.4 billion yuan (44.6 per cent). Although the number of monthly tenders for medical equipment in the domestic market has improved steadily since the end of last year, in the current competitive environment, the cycle from open tendering to revenue recognition has been significantly prolonged, compounding the effects of the deviation in the distribution of the income base in the first half of last year, resulting in the first half of 2025.
Growth, while continuing the trend of improving the quarterly round-up rate, with $6,423 million (16.11 per cent) in external diagnostic operations in the third quarter of the international market, with 52 weeks of the highest/minimum price for international in vitro diagnostic operations.
Growth increased by double digits, with international chemical lighting growing by more than 20%. The life information and support industry, with medical imagery generating 3,312 million yuan (-22.51%), raised the share of international revenues further to 62%.
As more high-end clients break through, the level of international business profitability is expected to rise steadily. Investment proposals: Domestic operations are expected to hit a turning point in the third quarter, and international operations continue to grow steadily.
"Mary Medical Care (3007.sz) - Single quarter net profit from motherhood increases by 14%. In vitro. "Mary Medical Care (3007.sz) - “Innovation+Globalization” leading by 26.9/23.7/20.6x.
"Mary Medical Care (300760.sz) - Steady Growth in Performance, Heading Numbers for Intellectual Transformation Upgrades" Digital Wise Layout with +it+ai is expected to redefine the global coordinates of Chinese medical devices and maintain that "Although monthly tender data for medical equipment in the domestic market have improved continuously since the end of last year, it is now competitive
Under the circumstances, the cycle from open tendering to revenue recognition has been significantly prolonged, adding up to the base income base for the first half of last year, and the overall harvest will increase in the third quarter of the year on a positive year basis, while continuing the trend towards an improvement in the quarterly ring comparison, with the international international market increasing at an accelerated rate in the third quarter of the year, and the international in vitro diagnostic production line expected to grow faster;
The internal market will improve significantly, as expected. Figure 2: Merri's operating income and increase (in billions of dollars, per cent) in the first half of 2025: Life Information and Support Lines, In vitro Diagnosis Lines and Medical Image Lines
The share of income was 32.7 per cent, 38.4 per cent and 19.8 per cent, respectively, of the company's M&A-purchase of Hyetai medical care, which together generated $6,423 million in in vitro diagnostics, a decline of 16.11 per cent from the same year, with international in vitro diagnostics growing in double digits and international chemical light growing by more than 20 per cent.
The multiple effects of competition and policy factors have led to a decline in reagent testing and prices. But the average market share of core business such as chemical luminous, biochemical, condensed blood in the country is only 10%, and the current environment creates a historic opportunity for firms to accelerate the increase in their market share.
100, with 200 installed throughout the year 2025. The company has localized production projects in 14 countries around the world, and 11 have now started production, most of which involve in vitro diagnostics, while the import of products from the original Dyasys factory is progressing well. The company completed 13 mt 8000 waterlines in the first half of the year.
The revenue from the international in vitro diagnostics business is expected to increase further in the second half of the year, with the life information and support operations receiving $5.479 billion, a decrease of 31.6 per cent over the same period, with the share of international revenues rising further to 67 per cent.
The year-on-year decline in the issuance of special-purpose health-care debt over the past two years has led to a prolonged construction cycle for a number of new health-care infrastructure projects, coupled with an extended cycle of open bidding to revenue recognition, which has put pressure on domestic operations in the first half of this year. International operations are accelerating their penetration into high-end client groups, but they remain significantly below domestic levels in overseas markets.
The surge in micro-surgery of high-potential operations is expected to sustain steady and rapid growth in international operations over the long term. The medical image business has achieved a revenue of 3,312 million yuan, a decrease of 22.51% compared to the previous year, with an international revenue ratio rising to 62%.
Under pressure, but based on the continued use of ultra-high a20 and the increased concentration of the industry, the industry is the first-highest in the world, while high-end and ultra-high-end models account for more than 60% of the country’s ultrasound income, and there is still much room for raising their share in the future. Ultrasound is still at a single-digit level in overseas markets, and income is still available.
Image operations are growing rapidly and on a long-term sustainable basis. Figure 8: The challenge posed by Māori rates in three broad categories of operations, but it is a result of continuous breakthroughs by high-end clients abroad and capacity-building for localized platforms
The share of international business income in global income has risen to about 50%. The share of international business income is expected to rise steadily in the coming years, with developing countries sustaining a rapid growth trend and with more high-end clients breaking through, the level of international business profitability is expected to rise steadily.
Figure 10: Changes in Four Cost Ratios of Méri Medical Care Operating Cash Flows remain healthy. The net operating cash flow of companies was 3,922 million (53.83 per cent) in the first half of 2025, and the ratio of operating cash flows to net return profits was 77 per cent, maintaining a healthy level as at the end of 2025.
The company completed the construction of the "equipment +it+ai" mental health ecosystem. By the end of the second half of 2025, the IUPAC ecosystem had accumulated more than a thousand installed hospitals in the country, with 108 new projects in the first half of 2025, of which 38 were added to the 3A hospital; and the "Mary Inspector" laboratory solution was close to the country.
800 hospitals were installed, of which about 80% were level III hospitals and 210 new ones were installed in the first half of 2025; the “Swiss Shadow++” project has covered the entire country and has resulted in a cumulative load of more than 17,700 units, of which over 2,100 additional units were installed in the first half of 2025. The company's intellectual and holistic solution has been built up in high-end client groups, both within and outside the country.
Investment advice: companies’ domestic operations are expected to be at a turning point in the third quarter, and international operations continue to grow steadily. In vitro diagnostic operations have a high potential to increase their presence, medical video operations are growing driven by high-end products, and life information is available.
With support for a gradual recovery in the business climate, rapid release of seed operations such as micro-surgery, cardiovasculars, etc., “the intellectual layout of the equipment is expected to redefine the global coordinates of Chinese medical devices and maintain a “better than the big city” rating.” The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author