Mid 2025, the Meri Medical Care (stock code: 300760) is influenced by factors such as the high base, the vagaries of the bidding for medical equipment.
□: Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn domestic operations have fallen by more than 30% in the same year, but with the gradual start of the medical equipment renewal project, the bidding exercise has recovered, and the company expects that the domestic operations o3 will improve significantly, on schedule.
Increased competition in the domestic market and the firm’s initiative to adjust the impact of some of its product prices, with a short-term profit margin in the first half of the year. By region, international operations in 2025h1 achieved a 5.39% increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis, with a further income share : mengxi_yj@chinastock.com.cn
Localized platform building (localized production in 14 countries around the world, 11 of which have been initiated) effectively guarantees sound growth of overseas operations and demonstrates the firm ' s resilience to overseas operations. According to the Key Operations Bulletin for the Third Quarter of 2025, the company ' s initial estimate of total operating income of 2025q3 will be positive.
We recognize the positive growth of the same year, while continuing the trend of improving revenue levels on a quarterly basis, q3 international growth rates will be high, and international ivd operations are expected to grow faster. We recognize the 2025q3 performance changes in companies, the strong certainty that the international market remains the core engine of their future growth.
High-end overseas crowds have made a successful breakthrough and new business is injected into growth dynamics. According to the sub-business panel, one life message and support: 2025h1 achieved $5.479 billion (-31.59%) in revenues, while the share of international business income in external markets, with the competitiveness of the world’s leading products, continued to accelerate penetration in high-end hospitals in many countries.
The entry of micro-surgery into the domestic market as a high-potential business is expected to lead to a double-digit growth in the future of the plate, with international chemical lighting growing by more than 20%. Domestic operations are influenced by competition and health-care reforms, but companies take their share of the market through fast-loading strategies, mt
In the first half of the 8000 stream, there were 185 new orders and nearly 100 new loaders, sold for follow-up reagents in billions of dollars (close to year-round levels in 2024), resonaa20 continued to be released and led to an increase in the proportion of ultrasound revenue to more than 60% of the country ' s top and ultra-end models.
There is much room for improvement, and with the increased coverage of high-end markets abroad, the international business of corporate medical imagery is expected to grow rapidly and sustainably over the long term.
The company continues to maintain high-intensity R & D investment, 2. [Galactic Medicine] Company Review _Mary Medical Care (300,760):
The global layout has been steadily advancing, and robust growth is becoming more resilient; [Galactic Medicines] Company Review _Mary Medical Care (300,760): +it+ai's digital medical ecosystem layout, and the "Episode" heavy disease model is in place in a number of top hospitals.
At the same time, the company attaches great importance to shareholder returns.
Global instrument giants are looking at the path of Murray's drive abroad; [Galactic Medicines] GIVM (300,760): A robust growth in overall performance, with remarkable results in high-quality development
Millions of dollars, plus a quarter of the red, will bring the cumulative cash share to 3,298 million yuan in 2025, accounting for 65.06% of the net profit of the mother in the first half of the year, highlighting the firm’s sound profitability and confidence in its future development. The investment proposal is that Murray is the leading provider of the country’s products and the most marketable medical apparatus, the High End.
Given that corporate performance in 2025h1 reflects business risks, the risk of less-than-expected use of core products, the risk of less-than-expected internationalization strategies, and new production,
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Monxie, a Master of Quantities in Finance from the National University of Singapore, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, mainly for research in the pharmaceutical sector. This report is provided to its clients by China Galaxy Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.