The first half of the year was still under pressure, and the company was expected to perform 32.94% in the third quarter. Although the company was still under pressure in the first half of the year, the company was expected to reach a turning point in the third quarter, and we thought it was a good idea.
The first half of the year was still under pressure, and the three quarters are expected to return to positive growth. On a quarterly basis, the company’s achievement in the second quarter of the year was linked to factors such as the fight against medical corruption, local fiscal constraints, and the reduction in the size of the debt issued, which led to delays in the bidding for the upgrading of medical equipment in the country.
The data continue to improve, but in the current competitive environment, the cycle from open tendering to revenue recognition has been significantly prolonged, so the country ' s revenue in the first half of 2025 actually reflects the fall in the bidding period last year, adding up, but with the recovery of the bidding for medical equipment in the first half of 2025, the company expects to operate as a whole in the third quarter.
Revenue will grow at a positive year-on-year rate, while continuing the trend of quarterly round-up improvements in the amount of operating income, adding up the acceleration of the sale of international market products, and expecting the company’s performance in the third quarter. The share of international market revenues will increase further, and the international in vitro diagnostics sales are expected to accelerate.
International business income increased by 5.39% over the year, and the share of international business income in corporate income rose further to about 50%. Corporate in vitro diagnostics continued to go deep into local platforms, while international in vitro diagnostics was accompanied by more high-end customers breaking through, and the level of international profit is expected to rise steadily: on the other hand,
Corporate support for the development of local platforms such as manufacturing, logistics distribution, clinical support, in-kind services for international in vitro diagnostic operations continued to increase through a combination of mergers and acquisitions, self-construction and external cooperation, first half of the year (5.8) (4.4)
The company has localized production projects in 14 countries around the world, resulting in a total of mt 8,000 laboratory smart currents, 13 waterlines sold, corresponding to a cumulative total of 15 sales, with future Mt 8,000 laboratory smart currents, and overseas sales of waterlines, which are expected to accelerate further international sales of in vitro diagnostics.
The "Equal +it+ai" eco-structure, looking at the future opportunities of the company. The company has successfully released the world's first clinical model of bedside serious illness - a meta-medical model, which marks a critical period in which the general model has accelerated its landing in the immediate field, and Murray has taken the lead in achieving the depth of the A-system's clinical thinking.
The total market value (RMB million) has been reduced, resulting in a breakthrough in the cognitive ability of artificial intelligence in medicine.
The great technical feasibility and incalculable clinical value of the large model in the medical field was validated, and the company eventually achieved precision therapy through the construction of a digital medical ecosystem for “equipment +it+ai”, which was carried by the “Richi, Ritchie, Swig” Specialized Information System and combined with a large model of the ginai pit, which has evolved over time.
Individualized, contributing to a high level of health-care homogenization, and we look forward to future opportunities for companies. Internationalization sales, which take into account factors such as anti-corruption in health care, fiscal spending, medical-specific debt, and the lengthening of the current bidding cycle for medical equipment, have not progressed as much as expected: anti-corruption, fiscal spending, and medical-specific debt have had an impact on expectations.
M.M. 20240830 S.H.I.E.L.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Medical biology: medical devices