Méri Medical (300760) Medical biology 25h1 performance short-term pressure, rising to about 50 per cent of international receipts by the South-West Securities Institute
25h1 Short-term domestic pressure and robust growth of international operations. On the domestic market, mainly influenced by the sharp fall in the bidding bid last year and base distribution, domestic operations fell in the first half of the year, but with the upgrading of medical equipment it was good. On the international market, the first half of the year saw an increase of 5.39% in the same year, with revenue rising to the company as a whole.
With 50%, the international in vitro diagnostic line is expected to grow faster. In terms of profitability, the firm’s Māori ratio and net interest rates have declined as a result of the intense competition in the domestic market.
In vitro diagnostics, companies have broken through more than 160 completely new high-end clients, and more than 50 more high-end clients have made horizontal breakthroughs covering multi-country teaching.
Hospitals, large public hospitals, government health institutions, and some of the top local teaching hospitals/large laboratories, private medical groups, etc.
The establishment of an intellectual health ecosystem based on the innovation of networking of medical objects and equipment, with a specialized information system called “Richi, Ritchie, Swe and Shadow” as a vehicle, combined with a large model of the continuous evolution of the apocalypse, which will lead to the individualization of pre-diagnosis, the homogenization of high-level medical care, the fine-tuning of the management of enabling hospitals and the creation of a number of mental health services.
The new paradigm. The SRI decision-making support system & the Episode model, designed for the Serious Medical Section, promotes the standardization and efficiency of the patient ' s full-time monitoring and individualization support through the integration of equipment data and ai technology. As of 25h1, the SRI decision-making support system & the Episode model are implemented.
There are eight installed hospitals, including one attached to Zhejiang University Medical School, one attached to Shanghai Transport University Medical School, one attached to Jin Chi Hospital, one attached to Guangxi Medical University, the Shenyang City First People's Hospital, the Suzhou City Hospital, the Beijing University Shenzhen Hospital, the Shanghai City First People's Hospital and the Central West Hospital of Shenzhen City.
The Auxiliary System for decision-making on mental anaesthesia & the Great Model for Anaesthesia of the Quantities of the People's Republic of China, two of which are attached to the University of Shanghai Transport Hospital and the City of Shanghai Centre for Gerontology, maintain the “buy-in” rating as the leading medical equipment of the most international kind.
High growth in overseas income (2025-05-07) Rapid growth in overseas ivd (2024-11-07) and continued high growth in nd operations (2024-09-08)
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.