Started to face up to supply and demand, expecting a steady price for the next batch of five grains (000858.sz) December 11, 2025.
• The supply-demand paradox is nearing the limit, and companies are forced to adjust their pace and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Eight generations of the company's core food baskets fell from 930 to around $800 in December at the beginning of the year, especially in three quarters, at a faster rate, with the dealer losing profits, raising market concerns about the sustainability of their subsequent development.
For the company’s performance on q3 statements, it is expected that the price of subsequent batches will be stable after matching the company’s delivery with the market’s real demand. Considering the consumer demand bias, the company began to face the market’s objective environment in three quarters, adjusting the supply pace and stabilizing the price of the batches.
In early 2025, the company attempted to reform its price premiums through channels, with fewer deliveries in the spring season and more deliveries in the second quarter. But the second quarter was affected by the ban on alcohol, and demand in the market contracted, further exacerbating the supply-demand contradiction.
• Abdicated compulsory repayments, increased channel subsidies, and addressed the issue of distributors' profits. According to the statement, sales by 2025q3 yielded $7.14 billion, corresponding to 77.7 per cent, and contract liabilities at the end of q3, amounting to $9.27 billion, which was 810 million less than at the end of the previous quarter.
In order to safeguard the interests of the channel, the company increased its channel subsidies, which led to a similar ratio of 2025q3 Māori to 13.5 pcts. Consumer base, demand shocks hit bottom, company adjustment of supply rhythm, high profile of the batch counter-price period, and a good consumer base. We consider the fall in the O3 statement to be a long-term build-up pressure.
One-time release, provided that the right perception of the current environment solves the issue of profit for the distributors and does not overzealous the statements — company information update report 2025.9.3.
It's a good start, a positive change in the channel.