Telecommunication operation ii China Movement (600941.sh)
New and old kinetic energy changes short-term growth pressures, maintaining a higher distribution value, and China moves to publish 2025-half-a-half annual reports. 2025h1, the company achieved 543.8 billion yuan, equal to 100 million yuan, equal to 5.0 per cent, and ebitda to 186 billion yuan, equal to 2.0 per cent.
1 c+h End: Consolidation of the base of scale, accelerating the transition to information services Personal market, 2025h1, personal market revenues of $244.7 billion, compared to 4.1 per cent. Companies moved a total of 1,005 million households, a net increase of 560,000, of which 5g network customers reached 599 million.
They believe that in the future, the company will use communications services as an entry point to upgrade its operations from card-based size to customer-based and family-based value-based, with a total of 323 million individual business broadband clients and 284 million household broadband clients, a net increase of 6.23 million.
Of these, the mega-broadband clients reached 109 million, or +19.4%, and the fttr clients were 18.4 million, or +264%. The family clients combined arpu reached 44.4 yuan, or +2.3%, and the company continued to strengthen the “mobile love family” brand, driving intelligent family upgrading with a core capacity of one, by accelerating the “thousands”
The development of mega+fttr, the creation of a full-digit intellectual life experience, is expected to sustain a good growth in the household market. 2) b+n End: Car networking, low-altitude new scenes continue to break down, with a net increase of 2.25 million.
Gowooyang + 11.3 per cent 5g vertical sector applications remain ahead, with 5g network revenues growing rapidly to $6.1 billion, compared with 57.8 per cent in other areas, with a fast-growing market for tov-connected vehicles, and company-cumulative services smart networks
Over 69 million vehicles have been built and the first road cloud integration pilot has been built; the network operation has accelerated, with a 20.9% increase in connection, and 89.38 million road video cloud connections have been achieved. The low-altitude economy has accelerated with a 38% mark for the entire industry on the migration cloud platform.
2025h1, emerging markets generated 29.1 billion yuan, compared to 9.3 per cent in international business, digital content, Zhao Tianwoo, financial science and technology, equity investment, and sustained innovation. 14 billion yuan in international business.
In terms of digital content, the deepening of “content + technology + integrated innovation” generated $14.9 billion. In terms of equity investment, the return on investment based on equity amounted to $7.2 billion, compared to +17.0 per cent.
We believe that companies will rely on the upgrading of government and corporate market systems, standard product contributions, and the impact of the ict project. The level of benefits is expected to continue to increase, with the prospect of accelerating the transition to an efficient and open platformed business model that maintains b+n.
3) Arithmetic scale layouts are faster than expected 2025h1, companies have completed capital spending of 58.4 billion yuan, 5g networks have invested 25.8 billion yuan, accumulated, 5g base stations have opened more than 2599,000 stations, a net increase of 187,000, and the world has taken the lead in 100% cloudization of the core network.
Integration. Arithmetic networks continue to lead. To date, self-constructed smart numeracy has reached 33.3 eflups(fp16): the data centre covers all national hub nodes, with over 660,000 external service idc racks. Output unified envelopes, flexible mobile “capacity services”, with over 1,300 access capabilities in the first half of the year.
The total was 803.5 billion times. The big data platform was created, bringing together sedimentary data of over 2,000 pb and investing $23.1 billion (+6.5 per cent). While investment in 5g fell overall, investment in 5g-a increased, with no ceiling based on market demand. Companies will add new energy to their businesses through ai+dict in the future.
Adding new dynamic energy to mobile cloud operations through models, i.e. services, and empowering traditional operations through science, technology and innovation. (4) The dividends continue to rise, and the overall business plan continues to grow well. The share of profits distributed in cash throughout the year in relation to the share of profits due to shareholders in the year is even greater than in 2024.
Household market revenues have grown well, with a net increase of 18 million broadband customers in gigabytes; government market revenues have grown well, with a net increase of 4.3 million; emerging markets, international business revenues have grown rapidly, ai direct income has grown at a high rate, with 70 million live-on clients of the Rhini Smart.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment recommendations: We see the saturation and macro-environmental impact of the 5g, ftth demographic dividend, corporate c, h-end acceleration, political entrepreneurship, and we believe that satellite Internet and national production reasoning chip production can lead to growth traps for operators, suggesting sustained attention.
A steady rise in the distribution value and maintenance of the “buy-in-a” rating. Users in the communications industry are growing at a reduced rate, with the possibility of movement if the company’s combined interests are not operating as expected and growth in corporate cloud computing operations due to such factors as a larger base, market competition, etc.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.