"ai+" feeder, congregater, operator - semi-annual review of China's movement 2025 (stock code: 600941)
As far as personal and household markets are concerned, at 25h1, end-of-service income amounted to $244.7 billion.
To 1,005 million households, a net increase of 560,000, of which 5g network clients reach 599 million, penetration rate Zhao Chung-hing earns $6.1 billion/+57.8% and keeps growing faster. The company continues to promote the integration of Net+Cloud+Dict.
Development, increasing arithmetic network capacity, self-built smart computing capacity of 33.3 eflops, idc hangars, over 660,000 service units, covering all national hubs throughout the country, and continuous development of the ai application landscape product solutions. Significant progress has been made in the areas of car networking, customer markets, visual networking, and so forth.
With more than 69 million Internet-connected cars, 36.95 million commercial packages, 20.9 per cent growth in the number of visual connections in emerging markets, companies have been active in expanding international business, digital content, financial science and technology, equity, and investing in four major sectors of innovation, and the future income structure is expected to continue to improve.
Overall, corporate user connectivity has grown steadily, mobile Internet access flows have grown faster, basic infrastructure has grown steadily, emerging markets and intelligent transformations have been fully deployed in innovative business, and diversified ecosystems have been constructed.
New information service systems continue to be optimized, supply levels have improved significantly, and innovation in the country has accelerated. Companies are taking full advantage of their role as agents of corporate innovation, building on the “basic6” initiative as the core of their niches.
Deployment of a 5g-a4.9ghz one-size station to meet operational requirements such as low air logistics and low air security.
In the field of quantum quantum, the mass computing platform has a total size of more than 1,200 quantum bits, leading the industry.
The company places a high priority on shareholder returns, continues to increase its share-rate contribution to shareholders, leads the operator at 73% interest rate throughout the year, and is expected to increase year by year. Moreover, the company has launched an active campaign to increase its share-rate contribution.
A meaningful action programme to strengthen market value management, commit to sharing long-term corporate development gains with a wide range of investors, and continuously raise the value of listed companies. As representatives of the National Team for Technology and Technology, companies play a full chain-long role, data, arithmetic and algorithmic whole-of-the-industry distribution, profitability, cash-flow assets are constantly improving, and asset values are being valued.
The advantages highlight that the sustainability and resilience of rapid corporate development are expected to be higher than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.