High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials Research Center, Hizführer (600760.sh) bought (first rating)
a The only company with strategic value and scarcity has been created by the warplane consolidation mechanism; performance has grown steadily (1) as the “cradle of a Chinese striker”, and in 2017 as a whole, the core military-industrial assets were placed on the market and became the “first share of a Chinese fighter”; (2) net profits from corporate collections and repatriations have increased steadily: 2019
In 2016 - 2019, the annual compound rate of 10 per cent and 16 per cent, respectively. In the first quarter of 2020, the annual rate of $5.7 billion, or 12 per cent, was raised; and in the first quarter of 2020, the net profit was $500 million, representing a significant increase of 202 per cent.
Combat aircraft: Air Force accelerated structural upgrading and the need for the replacement of new strikers was urgent; naval aircraft was in high demand (1) We maintained a steady increase in military spending and increased the cost of weapons and equipment. Expenditure on equipment in 2017 was RMB 42,289 billion, or 41 per cent of defence costs. (2) This was represented by the United States of America, F-22.
Our fleet has entered its fourth generation. There is a large gap between the number of three-generation aircraft, the number of four-generation aircraft and the number of powerful nations; there are still more than 500 second-generation aircraft, accounting for 45 per cent of them, and they are facing an urgent need for upgrading. (3) Our navy has entered the “double carrier era” and has increased its demand for aircraft.
The company's products are being upgraded rapidly: sculpters, ships on board, drones on board, and, according to the official website, the company's main production of fighter jets, such as scaffolds, has developed a fourth generation of eagles.
(1) The product spectrum of the company ' s strikers is widening, and the development of third-generation, third-generation, half-generation drones, such as ships carrying 15, and parts of military drones, is expected to be a potential point of growth in the company ' s future performance. (2) The company achieves its high-level goal of balanced production: the company ' s four-quarter collection rate in 2019 is about 2.5:
Wang Huajun, the strategic position and scarcity of fighter jets, we gave the company 45 times as much as we expected in 2021.
On 14 September, 940 million shares were released; the impact of the new crown epidemic was exceeding expectations. (1) In 2035, our country will basically become a new-era air power, and the aviation industry will become the world’s leading aviation industry group. In 2019, we launched China’s Defense for a New Age: China’s Defence and Military Forces for the New Age.
The team’s strategic objective is to achieve, by 2020, basic mechanization, and significant progress in information-building. By 2035, the team will have basically modernized its defence and army, and the people’s army will have become the world’s best army by mid-century.
The Aviation Industry Group has set the strategic goal of a “two-step” that by 2035 will have basically become a new-generation aviation power, and the aviation industry will have become the world's leading aviation industry group; by mid-century, the new-era aviation industry will have been fully established (2) Air Force: the second generation in active service will have been replaced by third generation, third generation and half generation and fourth generation.
The cost of our defence forces is expected to continue to grow steadily, with weapons and equipment being the focus of investment. The strike is a central force in the acquisition of air power, the number and structure of our active strikers are far from the world's air force, and the need for a large number of second-generation aircraft to be upgraded persists.
(3) The Navy: Into the time of the two carrier, there is an urgent need for aircraft on board. In the time of the two carrier, our navy has increased its demand for aircraft on board.
▪ Our view is different from the market: (1) the market is concerned about the sustainability of the company’s demand for its main products. We believe that the company is running for fighter jets, snipers, ships, drones.
We believe that the company’s advance payments, etc., are indicative of the company’s continuity of hand orders, the need for our fighter jets to change over the next few years, and the company’s continued performance.
The company's fourth generation of Eagle Fighters is officially in shape; the company's fleet is in bulk; the company's drones are in a major breakthrough; the perimeter is tense, etc. As a strategic position and scarcity of fighter jets, we gave the company 45 times the size of 2021.
The new type of fighter jets are not as needed as expected; the Hawks are progressing below the expected risk; and in December 2020, the Chinese striker cradle, the main warplane plant was listed as a whole, with strategic value and scarcity,1 the first share of the Chinese warplane, and the core warplane military assets as a whole were placed on the market, with strategic value and scarcity
Chinese Shen Fei, the cradle of the Chinese strikers, has been carrying out the development of the country's priority type air defence equipment, covering all processes such as research and development, testing, testing, production, remodelling and so on since the founding of the country, forming a more comprehensive series of strikers' products, leading the country.
China’s first striker development base, formerly the State-owned 112th plant, was founded in 1951 as one of the 156 projects of the Soviet Union’s aid to China. On 1 January 1986, it was renamed the Shenyang Aircraft Manufacturing Company. On that basis, the Shen Fei Industries Group was formed in 1994.
The company changed its name to Shenyang Aircraft Industries (group) Ltd.
• Shen Fei Group, Inc., in November 2017, put the core military assets on the market.
In January 2018, the name of the company was changed from "China Black Panthers Co. Ltd." to "China Black Panthers Co. Ltd.." We believe that the company is of strategic value and scarcity.
The Jaguar.