The company issued a quarterly report for the year 2020 in which it earned $17,592 million (+47.03 per cent), a net gain of $1,465 million (+13.82 per cent) and a net gain of $1,390 million (+13.28 per cent).
In the 20q1 slaughtering pigs, 1.67 million heads (9.9 pct by 64.8% compared to 64.8% compared), while the external sales of fresh and fresh products fell by only about 10%, the company was able to supplement the slaughter by importing frozen meat and fully reflected the difference in price. q1 slaughterhouses had a profit of $245.6 (Run by 21.2% compared to the same margin).
+116.6%). q1 slaughter achieved operating profits of 409 million yuan (same as compared to 24%), operating profits of pigs, resulting in higher slaughter base; q2 slaughter is still expected to decline at a high base, but the decline will narrow.
A large number of small- and medium-scale production can quickly exit, and it is expected that when the country returns, the company slaughter will increase significantly, and the market share will rise further. The import price differential will remain high, and the import advantage will remain significant. The domestic pig stock is still low, with US prices of 4-5 yuan/kg, in China.
Thirty-three dollars/kg, the price difference is still significant, and the import cost advantage is significant. Two-way transfers are planned for 20 years with a cap of $17.5 billion, of which q1 is linked to Rotex for a purchase of $3 billion. Next, if tariff escalation is allowed, the tax on imported pork will be reduced from 63% to 33%, which will further increase the price gap.
The impact of the overseas epidemic on logistics and access is limited, and meat eggs and milk are still guaranteed. Meat products: price increases continue to be released, and the high-end rhythm is steadily advancing.
The strategy is to increase the share of high-end goods by raising the price of tons, and the volume of high-end products sold in the spring is good, 1, Double Exchange Development (000895); Low-priced structure is further optimized.
Real end sales are better than corporate statements, and the q2 replenishment effect will be reflected.
The growth rate is likely to be high. o1 product operations realize business profits of $1.35 billion (a year-on-year extension).
The company will increase its efforts to promote high-end products, with new ones focused on product upgrading, chopsticks, unsettled powder, and double-sink development (000895); multi-measured, high-end new products, such as the King of Double-Sinks, are expected to sell more than 10,000 tons a year.
In addition, with the flexibility of performance, the industry will maintain a high premium on meat products, an increase of $170 million, mainly due to higher impairments on frozen stocks, which are expected to be reversed in the future.
The company announced a project to invest in the establishment of a raw pig and chicken industry in the new market in Liaoning province, in which it expected to invest about 980 million yuan in fixed assets for a pig-breeding project (up to half a million planned for the year) and a chicken-industrialization project (yearly).
Revenue forecasts and investment ratings: short-term profit increases and long-term integration of production by leading companies in the country’s layout, under the influence of the swine plague; and meat products, where companies currently have some reserves and growing import channels, and where companies are constantly developing research and development, marketing, etc.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board