(a) Distribution of chickens and pig-breeding, strengthening synergies between the various business units (000895).
On 19 May and 17 May 2020, the company published a plan for the release of stocks in private, with the intention of issuing no more than 331 million shares to no more than 35 investors and raising no more than 7 billion yuan in funds for chicken, pig farming and slaughtering and meat products technology improvement projects.
The projects to be financed by the company include: (a) a project to build the capacity of the meat industry (with a proposed contribution of 3330 million yuan); (b) a project to build the capacity of pig production (990 million yuan); and (c) a project to improve the technology of pig-breeding and modifier products.
Construction projects (360 million yuan); (4) meat processing technology adaptation projects ($270 million); (5) China headquarters projects ($750 million); and (6) replenishment of liquidity funds ($1.3 billion). Overall, the poultry industrialization and pig farming projects will further strengthen the company ' s control over the cost of raw materials for meat products, from upstream farming to downstream processing of meat products
The slaughtering and meat-making technology project will enhance the competitiveness of the existing industry, and the overall post-partum capacity will increase only marginally, but will increase the automation of the production line, compared with the trend of 300 depths.
Effectively reducing manual inputs, increasing the share of medium- and high-end products and significantly improving the safety and environmental protection of production.
The meat industry project is implemented by the West China poultry industry and the New China poultry industry. The West China project has produced hundreds of millions of feathers. The Chinese project will produce 1.2 million chickens in the post-natal period, while the commodity chickens will grow 100 million feathers in the year, feed production capacity 500,000 tons, and slaughter capacity 100 million feathers.
The raw material needs of the downstream meat industry are effectively met by 200 million feathers/years of commercial chicken production.
Post-natalization of the pig project will result in an integrated pig-breeding population from the great ancestors to the commodity-based pigs, which, in addition to the demand for downstream meat production, will provide a better basis for further expansion in the future. The slaughtering, tuning, and meat-making technology improvement project will effectively consolidate the competitive advantages of existing industries.
The project is aimed at accelerating the production of s010,118080028, which will be mechanized to automate, inform, and intelligently upgrade the production line.
Each month, the internal rate of return is 23.26% and the investment recovery period is 4.40 years.
Two-sink development (000895) company depth: The meat processing technology improvement project is implemented by the company’s headquarters. The project will upgrade some of the meat production workshops under the company as a whole, further automating the production of meat, information, and intelligent water.
After the completion of the project, the meat production was 60,000 tons/year, with little change in production, but the product structure was optimized, and the two-sink development (000895) was reported in 2019.
With increased automation, direct labour spending in production will also be effectively reduced. It will allow the resumption of the meat business’s long-term growth and maintenance of a “recommended” rating.
The company ' s financial statement projections are summarized in Jed, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Arts. In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.