The prices of pigs are rising faster, the profits are rising more smoothly, the double-sink development (000895) is being evaluated in the first quarter of 2020, and the food and beverages industry is being evaluated.
On April 29, 2020, the company issued a report for the first quarter of 2020. During the reporting period, the company achieved business income of 17,592 million yuan, or 47,03 per cent of the year; a net return to the mother of 1,465 million yuan, or 13.82 per cent of the year; and basic eps of 0.44.
High prices for pork have significantly increased the growth rate of the harvest and the profit rate has remained stable at the highest/lowest in the last 12 months Overall, the growth rate at the end of the company ' s income has been higher, and it is expected that: 1) the sharp upturn in the price of cold meat over the same period last year was driven by a sharp upturn in the price of cold meat.
The most central element of the high income growth in liquidity (million shares) is expected to benefit from the epidemic, as well as from better marketing of meat products and lower sales costs through such channels as supermarkets and electric power suppliers.
The slaughter business is underworked, and the demand for modern channels is projected to increase the revenue from the meat business slightly, from 1.65 million butchered pigs in 2001, i.e. 64.78 per cent in the same year; the total meat export volume is 683,000 tons in the same year - 10.74 per cent in the same year.
During the same period of the year, there was a sharp increase in the size of the slaughter business, resulting in a similar increase in the size of the slaughter business. The impact of the epidemic was due to the lack of work in the meat industry in February and the lack of logistics, which led to a shortage of goods in some of the terminals, but a small increase in revenue from the domestic product business in March.
The volume of goods delivered decreased on a par: the benefits from modern channels such as supermarkets, convenience stores, etc., while the benefits from rising household consumption, power suppliers are expected to grow faster.
\triangleright 2020q1 \triangleright 2020q1 \, the company will build a bio-pig farming and chicken industry project in Chongwu County, u City, Liaoning Province, with an estimated 100 million chickens per year. 20q1 buys 2,967 million pork from Rotex, adding up significantly.
The company's long-term competitive advantage in meat products.
In the future, the slaughtering business is expected to benefit from the resumption of pig production, and the meat production business is long-term.
Growing well, maintaining a “recommended” rating: overall performance has been steady, meat production has increased, the rate of Māori in slaughter operations has declined more than expected, meat business has not developed as expected, food safety issues, etc.
The company ' s financial statement projections are summarized in Jed, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Arts. In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.