Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco Double-sink development: short-term impact of the epidemic, elasticity in the release of meat products Price increases + restructuring of products, substantial increase in the ton of meat products
Because of the pneumonia epidemic, many of the country’s distribution terminals were unable to operate properly, and despite the fact that sales after March had been supplemented, there were more cases of stock-outs, so the volume of meat products sold in 2020q1 fell by 35.71 million tons, a 7.5 per cent decline from the previous year. The share of high-end sales increased and the price increases for meat products in the past year.
For the time being, the price of pigs has fallen slightly from high points, and market supply and demand have gradually returned to the positive level of total equity/flow (million shares)
At the usual level, the meat plate is judged to be at a higher level of profitability throughout the year. Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) The slaughter rate continues to decline, and imported meat + frozen meat from overseas supports profits.
As a result of the effects of the swine plague and the high price of pigs, there was a sharp drop in the number of pig slaughters.202001 The company slaughtered 1665,000 pigs, a decline of 64.78 per cent compared to the same period last year.
Quarterly decline, the lowest level of slaughter in recent years. But, because the prices of raw pigs are 1.6 times higher than in the same period last year, there has been a significant increase in revenues from the sale of raw pigs, while imported meat from abroad and former reserves have released revenues and profits from the slaughter.
Three-quarterly reviews: a significant increase in imported meat ... is better supplemented.20 In 2001, the revenue from the slaughtering of pigs was $11,644 million, an increase of 66.19 per cent, and operating profits of $409 million fell by 23.7 per cent.
Double-sink development (000895), Double-sink development: slaughter, double-sink-associated transactions amounting to $2,967 million, close to the year 2018.
In terms of cost, 202001 income ends are growing faster, lowering the cost rate for the period as a whole.
Parity. The 2020q1 sales cost rate of 3.39%, which is the same as the 2019q4 sales rate, is 2.02 pcts lower than last year, and is judged to be mainly due to the effects of the epidemic, the meat product as a mandatory consumption to improve the pork industry chain, increase the size of the poultry industry and, to some extent, secure the supply of raw materials.
The company is planning to sign an investment agreement with the People's Government in the commune of Chongwu, the new city of Liaoning province, to build 500,000 pig-breeding farms and 100 million chickens for industrialization, with fixed assets expected to be invested in approximately RMB 2,715 million.
The company will return to positive growth in meat sales throughout the year after the outbreak, and we expect price increases + product structural upgrades to help keep the business at a higher level of profitability. In 2020, pig prices are expected to move up and down, average pig prices will be higher than last year, and meat products will be at cost.
Against the background of the same year’s moderate increase, the effects of the increased performance of meat products will gradually become apparent, and the future cost-down-end cycle will release greater profit elasticity. Depending on the scale of the transaction with Rotex this year (17.5 billion US dollars), double-sink imports of meat will be unprecedented.
Siu Goo, to compensate for the performance of the low price of frozen meat in the country last year.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report