In the second half of 2018, the country began to see the impact of a favourable exit, a slowdown in macroeconomic growth, and friction in trade between the United States and the United States.
Intra- and single-month increases in automobile sales have been consistently negative, and company automobile sales have been somewhat negatively affected: (2) In the second half of the year, the company increased its promotion to boost car sales, resulting in a greater decline in the Māori ratio of its products.
Promotion, distribution of red bags, etc. to boost the volume of sales. In 2018, the company sold 1,05.3 million vehicles in the same year, representing an increase of 61.39 per cent in the same year; the Ora brand, 3515 vehicles; and the Vulture brand, 138,000 vehicles, representing an increase of 15.16 per cent in the same year.
Intra-car sales, 28.806 million vehicles, a 2.76 per cent decline in the same year, have also eroded profit margins. The year-round Māori ratio and the industry reheating and adding to the new car cycle are expected to return to faster growth in corporate sales and profits since 2019: we expect that as the spillover effects of the acquisition tax preferences have subsided, the national economy has recovered, relations between China and the United States have subsided and
As the industry warms up, the company may also be able to reap faster increases in sales while cutting terminal discounts.
After the introduction of new models such as Hafff7x, Weyvv7gt, Weyp8gt, and Eurarov 2, a year-round reduction in the discounts of Lu Kamin has also contributed to an increase in the Māori ratio of the product, and the net profits of the company are expected to return to faster growth.
Investment proposals: As the industry warms up, firm automobile sales are expected to increase steadily, profit rates may be higher: Great Wall cars: one month of better-than-expected sales, new power: Great Wall cars: a large advance in mid-reporting, performance peaks are largely positive
The main reasons for the forecast at the beginning of the year are: (1) withdrawal from acquisition tax preferences, slowdown in macroeconomic growth and friction in trade between China and the United States.
As a result, the domestic growth in single-month automobile sales, which began in the second half of 2018, has been continuously negative, and the company ' s vehicle sales have been negatively affected; (2) To boost the volume of automobile sales, the company has increased its promotion in the second half of the year, resulting in a sharper decline in the Māori ratio of its products.
The net interest rate rose slightly, partly because of a reduction in the three cost rates, and partly because the company capitalized 55.96% of its R&D expenditure (3,959 million yuan). Second, the price reduction promotion premium, with a larger decline in the Māori rate throughout the year.
In 2018, the car market performed very poorly, recording negative annual growth for the first time since 1990. According to the China-China Air Association, 28.806 million cars were sold in 2018, a decline of 2.76% compared to the previous year. A combination of negative factors, such as the complete withdrawal of the purchase tax preferences, the fall in macroeconomic growth and the friction of Central American trade, began a consecutive decline in vehicle single-month sales in the second half of 2018, with a year-long reduction in steam.
In addition to activities such as price reduction, on 1 August 2018, the company sent to consumers $2 billion worth of buy-a-car packages, including New Haffah 6, 2018.
The Haffah6 sports edition, New Haffah6coupe, and the Haffah2, Haffah2s, Hafkh4 and Hafm6 models are open for concessions ranging from $3,000 to $14,000. Through price reduction promotions, the monthly sales of companies began to hit the bottom in July and recovered to positive growth in October.
Figure 8: Single-month sales and speed increases by vehicle by vehicle Figure 9: Corporate sales by single-month sales and speed increases. Corporate sales outperformed industry by slightly more year-round, and Māori sales fell more by year-round 2018.
105.3 million vehicles, a decrease of 1.60 per cent over the same period; 76.61 million Hover brand sales, a decrease of 10.07 per cent over the same year; 13.95 million Wey brands, an increase of 61.39 per cent over the same year; 3515 Ora brands; and 138,000 Vulcan brands, an increase of 15.16 per cent over the same year.
From 2019 onward, company sales and profits are expected to return to faster growth, and the industry may be on the move. According to the Chinese Air Association, in February 2019, domestic vehicle sales were 1.82 million, a decrease of 13.8 per cent compared to the previous year; in January-February, the combined domestic vehicle sales were 3,852,000, a decrease in the same proportion.
The decline in automobile sales in February was somewhat narrower than in the previous month, and we expect the automobile industry to start a booming cycle in the second quarter (the single-month drop in sales has been reduced monthly and is gradually returning to positive growth in the second half of the year), as the spillover effects of the acquisition tax concessions have gradually diminished, the national economy has recovered, relations between the United States and the United States have eased, and the wealth effects of stock-market warming have accumulated.
As the industry warms, we expect companies to be able to reap faster sales, perhaps while cutting terminal discounts.
With the addition of new models such as Hafff7x, Weyvv7gt, Weyp8gt, and Euraar2 to be launched, the company will probably be able to meet its target of 1.2 million sales (a 13.96 per cent increase in sales in 2018) throughout the year. Meanwhile, the reduction in terminal discounts will also contribute to the increase in the Māori ratio of products, and the company’s net profits are expected to return to faster growth.
Figure 12: Domestic automobile sales and increases IV. Profit forecasts and investment proposals
Lower macroeconomic trends have led to less than expected growth in vehicle sales; new company models have been promoted less than expected; and financial statement forecasts and valuation data are summarized