The Pacific Cars Strategy 2019 recommends depth series three: a thick, thin-haired Ora, a post-subsidization pilot, the Pacific Motors Team.
The background and strategic layout of Eurasia's birth, the planning and analysis of Eurasia's product spectrum, and the competitiveness of Eurasia's automobile products.
The background and strategic layout of Eurasia's birth, the location of a pure electric brand under the Great Wall's flag, with the goal of becoming the world's best car in the world.
The new energy platformme was designed from the Great Wall, and it's more expensive than ever.
The goal is to locate the Wall's brand of pure electric brands under the flag of the Wall, to be the world's first fine electric car, and the Wall's brand of pure electric brands under the flag of the Wall, to be the world's first fine electronic car.
Open: representative of open, business model co-winners; reliable: spectrum-based, high-quality, power-driven and mileage-free; alternative: non-traditional, born of pure electricity, smart network connections, autopilot.
In 2009, the Wall established the “Euras Task Force on New Energy Vehicles”, which was launched on August 20, 2018.
Boola's name. Boulaiq's on the market. Olar's 1's on the market.
The model is based on pure electric exclusive platform me, creating a core competitiveness that is different from that of a fuel truck.
In the car, it's just the real new energy engine, the vice president of the Great Wall Motors Company, the car."
The director-general of the Ora brand would like to say the same thing. >Assist in pure raw electric power without oil and electricity. • Focus on light quantification, miniaturization, efficiency of products.
Platform excellent > electrodynamic and intelligent development capacity, integrated power-driven modules, etc., achieved
>Concentrating on the safety of the user experience The power module occupies small space, low weight, more optimized structure and more efficient power.
>Don't rely on subsidies for products that benefit citizens. > >
Ora is the inevitable choice of the Wall to deal with the “new quadrupling” trend and the “double-ing” real-world pressure.
In April of 2017-2019, the Great Wall was in a position to sell cars by car, intelligently, networked, shared and fast-tracked cars.
The industry has brought about a new wave of technological change, as well as new business opportunities and challenges for businesses and fuel trucks.
Short-term Eurasia focus on net electric markets of less than 120,000, differential competition to secure market demand Chart: Eura Car Market Positioning 2. Eura Product Spectrum Planning and Analysis
The main layout is 7-120,000-a0-class cross-border suv and two mini-cars, the product lines are thin, the sales of the Eura series are increasing faster and the sales are growing faster, and the traditional terminal plus industry customers plus the new retailer, achieving over 300 traditional terminal network layouts in 2019.
In the field of travel, there is a large gap between the internal and external levels of mature enterprises, such as the new energy source North, and the overall area of cooperation.
The company introduced 70,000 eccentric and 120,000 suvurajs to take over the new energy market with a differentiated dual-product layout. Eura entered the market in the fourth quarter of 2018, and the market was soon but rapidly gaining acceptance.
Chart: Performance of auto product sales, traditional terminal plus industry customer plus new retailing, channel network layout is expanding rapidly Chart: Eura Channel Construction
• At this stage, building on the terminal web site and investing in the development of large client resources;
(a) Eura share the trip, Eura travels on the basis of a new energy vehicle, with a network of cars/cars, part-time rentals, traditional rental vehicles;
• One billion yuan was invested in the Eura Plan for the first phase of the mission, based on the promise of Kyojin, based on a national orientation, and based on the establishment of base areas in China, China, China, China, South and South-West.
3. Eurasia competitiveness judgement iq product positioning a compact suv, long-mile cross-border vehicle, competing with Yuanev, ex360, ei5 etc.
Euraiq is mainly sold to the dependencies, mostly for public sales, with sales below the dollar, the eu series, and iq is judged to be a transitional product developed on the basis of the c30 platform to compensate for the configuration and quality gap at high value.
r1 pricing 7.18-79.8 million yuan, below the price of the core competition, and relatively competitive Eurasia: core product in the field of layout exercise a-level pure electric cross-border suv: Euraiq
It was first exposed in March 2018, in April 2018, in Beijing, on August 31st, and it was listed on August 31st, when the Great Wall car was selected for the 18th tax-exempt catalogue.
The Great Wall car Euraq is in Chengdu, the Wall's pure electric seviq declaration is exposed, and the length of the bus is 4445/4460 mm, the condition of which is 401 km, and the price of the sale is subsidized at $10.78-120,000 for Pacific securities.
(a) Charts: Euraiq parameters and shapes. Euraiq cross-border style design is well integrated with the whole integrated design, with the former grid using a brand-new closed design and a matrix setting of the entire light group design; • back-to-back design in the trunk, tail-to-circle design, fully adapted to the previous pattern;
• The interior design is based on a simple technical style, contour-style shape features, unique parallel line design, horizontally cross-cutting air conditioning vents in the centre, increasing horizontal visual width.
• Positioned at a-suv market segment • Officially positioned as a “mile-long cross-border vehicle”, dominated by a purely electric compact suv market to meet urban telecommuting requirements
Euraq has a competitive relationship with Yuanev, North Gas New Energy Ex360 (cut off), Eunweii5, North Energy New Energy Eu5 and so on, and a new sense of future design and value for money is its greatest advantage.
Euraiq sells mainly to the dependencies, mostly to the public, with sales below the dollar, eu series Chart: Euraiq sells at a price position of $10.78-120,000, below the core competitive price line
Chart: Euraiq Core Pricing Segments. The company Euraiq's price is set at $100,000 to $120,000, thus providing more room for the car type by avoiding the highly competitive price segments with a low-price strategy.
Chart: Euraiq Parameter vs. Competing
Car Network emergency rescue, remote control, security surveillance.
Bluetooth Keys are free for life, 1,000 bucks a year, complete replacement of mechanical keys, no more.
▪ 24 hours a day, 24 hours a day, surveillance of vehicle information, 3g/4g signal range nationwide, pre-first aid costs (drills, medicines, stretchers)
Realization of the electronic fence of the vehicle, inside of the vehicle, control of the vehicle at any time and anywhere, sense of key entry and start of the vehicle with the first key,
Positioning and vehicle condition review, etc.) one year is set at zero, no cumulative, zero-distance vehicle experience, and it's done.
At the same time, a vehicle's bluetooth key can be used to trigger an emergency rescue in two ways: automatic vehicle remote switch air conditioner, car search, etc.
Key sharing, authorization to family and friends, trigger and manual trigger, automatic trigger: airbags, locking and booking charges, etc.
Enjoy owner's permissions, maximum share out; manual trigger: owner clicks e-call to five friends to facilitate daily movement
Post-emergency rescue bpt reports vehicle location iq main market to fill the configuration and quality gap for high value value.
Euraiq is priced less than the competition, with an advantage of 10.78-120,000 (after subsidy)
The advantage of Euraiq's length and axle range is clear.
In terms of size, shape, interior, Euraiq uses more soft materials, interior parts of the package.
Ei5 is designed for the family interior.
Number of mileage, performance and competitive power (kw)/tangle (nm): 120/280 power (kw)/tangle (nm): 70-116080-300
Punctuation: labeled esp, light, super rotated screens, smart voice interaction, smart driving aids, etc.
The gas truck has a higher reputation than Yadi, the new energy reserves of the North, and a better brand name.
It's smaller than Yadi's, the new North Gas, the pure electric car, the newcomer.
Eura product competitiveness resolution r1: Potential to become a class-level pure electric cross-border product suv: Euraiq Eurar1 product: product information presentation
(a) Charts: Eurar 1 product information Eurar1 is a cute aesthetic design that combines a saturated face with an extremely simple element, is highly recognizable, is designed to fit the entire car's appearance with a front circle rear lamp design Eurar 1 is homemade with a circular melody, is written in an old-fashioned combination of the future designs of the home's electrocution, and pursues a condensed and unique style;
• The rear window is opened in a negative-pressure mode that is the only point of design where cost savings have a greater impact on comfort.
In response to the fall of subsidies, the Great Wall Car O'Larr 1 concept car was launched at the Beijing Car Fair.
Lar1 adjusts the price, section 2019 is listed: R1: Continue the flight, the overall configuration is high, there is a downward configuration, and there is less space between price zones.
R1 costs $7.18-$79.8 million, reasonable pricing, competitiveness.
Larger driving space, lower power losses. Born in the country's only pure electric platform, the axle range and continuity have a crushing advantage. Chart: Eurar 1 product and competitive parameters
Product allocation has a certain advantage over competitors and is more competitive.
Chart: O'Larr1 technology configuration provides users with two ways to unlock a vehicle when its owner is far away from the vehicle and can be remotely unlocked via a mobile phone app, authorizing relatives and friends.
(a) Friends, family cars;
(a) The vehicle or power switch mode can be activated upon entry into the vehicle;
key-sharing keys: Bluetooth and 4g smarts based on mobile end using the Andre system, 9-inch high-light screen, two-wheat, base-car set-up with bluetooth keys, one-key start-up, interconnection of motor phones, uphill support lights.
(b) Mobile phone interconnection, wifi, reverse image, online/local sound
(a) Line 1 protection: optimize the smoking space and reduce injury to pedestrians' legs/heads, based on urban conditions;
fm et cetera, high-pixage added to the deep development of the Gold map sdk, substrate structure, which is more binding on the hips and is more conducive to mitigating the back row crew injury;
4 high steel applications: more than 60 per cent high steel applications, with eight hot-forming steels on the side; and setting aside high-resolution data interfaces.
Chart: O'Larr 1 product location and target population, traditional a00-grade electric vehicles, a00-grade new generation of pure electric cars
Product orientation, low price, high value for money, economics, high-quality demand.
The family's second scooter, rational and pragmatic economy.
35-50-year-old men, young and dynamic, caring for their families 28-40-year-old women, pursuing a good life, having a strong personality, paying attention to the value and usefulness of sex
It's self-confident, it's focused on appearances and family and friends, it's driven to meet travel needs, it's not vain, it's a family supplement, it's personal.
Clients have the highest degree of satisfaction with their appearance and space, but the cost of control has also led to some negative evaluation.
After adjustment, the back row will be a 1.78-m tall, 170-pound man, with two punches in the leg;
• It's not as if the goddess killer, the cute one, two things, can be thrown down in the back row.
• Appearance cartoons, but a little bit like old-fashioned cars.
The phone keys are not working, they have to connect to the bluetooth, they're afraid they're missing!
• Back row windows are negative, unopenable, too low, too boring!
"It's new, it's new, it's new, it's new, it's new, it's new, it's new, it's new!"
The house says it looks good! It's cute! I'm on the spot."
"One time on the road, I saw a blue one, and I looked, and I contrasted. And then I went to the 4s, and my daughter-in-law looked at it, and then I looked at it, and I looked at it with my friends.
What's the car? Just when the new power source came down, he went to see Ola, and he went to the 4s.
Chart: Analysis of the strengths and weaknesses of Euraar 1 Fashion Models Size, Modeling
It's better than the Yadee 1 fashion, but it's less of a quality.
It's a good model, with no obvious short plates, with a maximum power of 45 ec3 and a similar capacity to continue and accelerate.
Maximum power 35, maximum speed 100, maximum speed 120 km/h 15 inches, medium 9 inches.
The O'Larr1 configuration is excellent, the competition is low, the screenless, the car network is rich, and so on.
Biadi, North Gas New Energy, Chirí's holdings are high, the slogans are higher than those of the tankers, brand names.
There's a gap between the new energy sources in Biadi and the North.
The three-year action plan of the Blue Sky Defense is an important driver of the rapid growth of new energy sources.
The Great Wall's Eurasia is competitively differentiated, becoming a full potential for future market busts. New energy needs are growing steadily, with broad market prospects. Chart: total demand for new energy by car from 2017 to 2028f
The three-year action plan for the Blue Sky War is an important driver for the rapid growth of new energy sources. The increase in the number of cities to be covered in the future is an important reason for the continued growth in time-to-time leasing, which will continue to grow in the future and gradually expand to two-to-three-line, tourist cities;
According to the National Information Centre, the new energy market continues to grow, and sales are expected to exceed 3.5 million market sizes in 2025.
At present, cities at all levels of the country have their own layouts, their layouts are fragmented, and they have regional features.
First-line cities with high population density, tourist cities with high self-driving demand, first-placed cities, second-line cities became major areas of urban expansion, and policies continued to be strongly fostered, power-recharged, tax-free policies continued, and new energy vehicles continued to expand and expand Pacific-wide.
By the beginning of 2018, more than 1700 power stations had been built on the national highway, with more than 6,400 direct-flow power posts covering 19 cities in Beijing, Shanghai, Shandong, Jiangsu, and more than 31,000 kilometres in advance of the planned target of 1,000 highway power stations in the country.
To achieve a "ninety-nine-thirteen" fast-loaded network with an average distance of no more than 50 km for a highway fast-loading station, with four direct-flow charge posts per station with a single maximum power of 120 kilowatts.
(a) Residential communities: the gradual demolition and rehabilitation of old and old neighbourhoods, and the construction of new districts requiring the installation of recharge facilities or the setting aside of recharge conditions;
Pure power platforms and cost advantages enable Eurasia to make a stand-alone profit by 2019.
Eurolar1 has a current sales price of 7.18-7.98 million, product configurations and competitions to achieve a points balance in 2018, with a two-point internal shift equal, but a slightly higher sales price and better sales.
Migration leads to a loss of profits or costs, and consistent cost-control capabilities can be sure that the benefits are better than competitive enterprises, which can achieve single-good profits.
The Great Wall BMW joint venture will follow a high-end route in the future.
The gap in the points will make Euras irreplaceable. Eurasia’s competition differs, making it a potential for future market busts.
Chart: Future market trends of Euraiq and Eurawar1 Etoola, low-cost iq rents, Internet subscriptions, taxis are competitive and will be heavy on the public market in the future
The beautiful shape is iq's important competitiveness in the private market, but taking into account the profile, modeling, performance, quality, and brand advantage of the three-power market competitors at that level, iq's less obvious advantage in the private market, the need to gradually improve quality and quality in the future, and the possibility for the private market Eurolar1
R1 has a more differentiated competitive advantage at this level of the market, has a certain premium, and is more capable of coping with the fall in subsidies than the car, like Chireeq, is a more personalized style, and the purchase of a pure electric a00-grade target market at this stage also needs to be gradually accepted, with future growth potential for the Japanese-style market being more optimistic through color matching.
_ Modeling, continuation and configuration are more competitive in combination, taking into account the Great Wall's cost-control capabilities, future low-cost vehicles, price controls of less than 70,000, r1 with potential for high-value sales.
Chart: Euror2 parameters for a new energy continuous input product, Eurasia, 2018-2021: 4 main force core vehicle Chart: New energy plan for the Great Wall
Ora will be a new pole after the Great Wall, Hafsuv, the Windy Picard.
The new energy infrastructure is much easier to use.
\checkmark Wall Cars Need Euratom Balance Double Scores Tax Exemptions, Economic Stimulation of Consumer Purchases
• Territorial advantages drive investment proposals and profit projections for the sale of public goods (Safeguard, Xu Shui, Taizhou, etc.)
The company has built a suv and pickup lead for domestic professionals, with a long-term focus on two major areas: the great craftsman’s heart in making high-value-for-goods, the national chariot, the famous 6-man, the dust-free windmill, the highly effective management of the river, and the uniqueest quality-cost control industry. The new brand of Eura, a new energy source for corporate strategic deployments, based on a pure electric me platform, refuses to refuel, and is highly competitive in terms of internal space and power consumption.
R1 as a heavy-pound vehicle of the Ora brand, is expected to become a massive product in the field, and sales have increased, and the subsequent performance is still to be expected. We expect companies to collect $11,452 million in 2019 and 1,249,981 million in 2020, resulting in net profits for mothers of $6,016 million and $6,738 million, respectively, and to sell less than expected in the macroeconomic or automobile sector as a whole.
The sale of new energy vehicles under the Ora brand was lower than expected; the company’s cooperation with BMW was less intensive and advanced than expected.
The content and opinions of the 9th North Street North outside Beijing City City City, the Hwayan Enterprise, do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the sale of the securities in question. We and our employees have any direct influence on the use of this report and its contents.
I may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.