The Great Wall Car (601633) leads the suv wind and builds the autonomous poles of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Recommended logic: (a) industry enters the trap window period, with a projected full recovery in retail wholesale sales in the second half of the year; (b) combined annual sales growth of 14.8 per cent will be significantly better than industry; and (c) companies achieve battery + electric drive + full vehicle layout in the new energy sector to compensate for the company's short cut in the new energy sector.
We believe that there is still room for China’s automobile industry to develop, and that the industry will gradually move into a medium-term development that will be replaced by new demand. In the short and medium term, in 2016, consumers will be able to hold on to the end demand because of the acquisition of tax concessions, and distributors will deal with the country’s five in May-June.
In the second half of the year, the distributor went into the replenishment cycle, with sustained improvement in operations and a steady increase in market share. We judge the continued improvement in the Great Wall ' s automobile business, which is expected to result from: 1; the shift in large monoliths to multiple and new ones; and the further improvement in product competitiveness, which is now in place.
The four major traditional cars departments of Chengm, h, f, and Wey, where the f series shows outstanding sales after listing; 2. Technology reserves support the differentiated layout of the company ' s six engine reserves, helping the company produce a smooth switch from country five to country six. Meanwhile, the new engine platform (en engine platform +9dct) will be in 2019.
Bottom-marketing, which provides consumers with a richer power option; 3. Sustained improvement in marketing: from 2018 onwards, marketing talent is gradually introduced to compensate for the company’s market-side weaknesses. New energy layout is well developed, with core component supply capacity.
Source: Whole-industry chain layout. Eura branded global fine cars based on the Me platform, private sector, first-car R1 with a high performance compared to the competitive model, and a rapid increase in post-market sales, followed by R2 listings that will further complement Eura brand lines, and competitiveness is expected to increase further.
In the area of spare parts, beehive energy and beehive vulnerability will be the respective suppliers of Eura product batteries and electric power, with the capacity of the beehive energy phase 4gwh at the end of 2019.
The Great Wall is a national suv leader with self-contained capabilities for core components such as engines, transformers, new energy three-power systems. At present, the company’s products cover the three main categories of suv, sedans, pickup cards, Haff, Wey, Eura, etc. in the area of passenger vehicles, and form lines of products such as Haffm, h, f, Wey, Eura, etc.
The growth of the new energy business has accelerated with the sale of the Ora brand-type r1 and iq, which have been widely recognized by consumers, and the creation of a light beam vehicle in a joint venture with the BMW. The Great Wall car, which dates back to the creation of the Great Wall ' s auto manufacturing plant in 1984, was used for car modification.
In 1990, Wei was the general manager of the Wall ' s vehicles, and the Wall ' s vehicles formally moved into the area of manufacturing. They went through the three stages of light passenger and cargo vehicles, pickups, and suv, and they were industry leaders at each stage: they started producing light passenger and cargo vehicles during the year and doubled their sales for four consecutive years.
(2) Picard phase: In the early 1990s, the company focused its efforts on the opening of the Picard market, producing the first Deir Picard in 1996 and rapidly occupying the market at a higher value, and in 1998, for the first time in the Great Wall, it ranked first in the country and maintained its status as the leader of the national pickup for 21 years.
(3) Suv phase: Starting in 2002, the Great Wall car began to focus on the area of suv, and then launched the first suv product Sever, which was listed as the country’s top three markets in the same year. After that, a number of products were introduced, and the market was highly reverberated.
(iv) Multi-protocol phase: Wey was launched by the Great Wall in 2017, with different competitions opening. Following the subsequent listing of the Haf m, F series and Eura brands, the Great Wall ' s vehicle product matrix was further refined, and the competitiveness of the product was further enhanced.
At the same time, the company plans to expand its new capacity in Chongqing, Yangtze, Zhejiang Ping Lake, and Tula, Russia. At the start of the construction of Yongchon, Shandong Ilyang, and the Russian factory Tula, in June, sop, sop, sop, sop, sop, and sop, in June, sop. At the same time, the company has become global in terms of R & D, with the exception of domestic R & D, and Shanghai.
The spare parts business is integrated and independent, opening up external markets: the Great Wall has a better internal system of support and supply. Faced with a growing market for car competition, the Wall’s auto industry has been integrated from the Great Wall to the Great Wall’s auto industry.
Automobile operations are run independently, resulting in the external availability of spare parts. The major auto parts and components currently under the Great Wall Group combine beehive energy, beehive vulnerability, precision cars, Norbo cars, Mande electronics, low-energy, upscaling power, etc. Corporate equity structures: by the end of 2018, some 56.0 per cent of the companies owned by Long City Asset Management, Inc.
Equity, being the controlling shareholder of the company, the chairman of the company, Wei Jianjun, directly holds about 0.1 per cent of the insured Great Wall Asset Management Ltd. and approximately 62.9 per cent of the insured Great Wall Asset Management Corporation through the Great Wall Holdings Group, which is the actual controller of the company.a The share is 10 per cent and the share is about 34.0 per cent.a
In June 2018, former Infiniti marketing director Wen Fung joined the Great Wall, acting as deputy general manager of company marketing, mainly responsible for the management of Huff and all new f-style marketing; and in July 2018, the former Vice-President of the Autobot, Ning Xin Xin Yong-yung, joined the team.
In September 2018, Yoo Yin became Special Vice-President of the Wall ' s Motors and Director-General of Wey Brand Marketing, with overall responsibility for the sales, sales, channels and after-sales services of Wey ' s brand.
Since then, with industrial development, the suv dividend and the increasing competitiveness of corporate products, corporate revenue has remained stable at 10.6 per cent, a marked improvement over industry. But, because of the higher value of bicycles, wey brand sales have declined more than ever, with companies earning $22,627 million in 2019q1, a decline of 14.9 per cent.
Corporate performance: The company ' s performance has fluctuated considerably as a result of industry competition, car life cycle, terminal discounts, etc. In the last five years, the company ' s performance reached its peak in 2016, when the net profit to the mother was $10.05 billion. The profit per car is 10,000 yuan/car. With the introduction of the f series and the downside, the company ' s profits will be at the end of the third quarter of 2018.
Research and development and marketing: The current areas of research and development of the Wall ' s cars involve traditional fuel cars, electric whole cars and trielectric systems, fuel batteries, autopilots, etc. Lithium cells and fuel cells are being developed under the Group and are not being placed in listed companies. Vertically, the share of corporate R & D is increasing as inputs increase. Horizontal contrast, research and development at the listed company level.
The share of inputs (excluding lithium cells and fuel cells) is at the industry average. At the marketing level, as companies become more active at the marketing end, the investment in advertising and media costs increases.
2.1 Recapitulating the history of Japanese automobile development, based on historical evidence that domestic automobile sales have not increased to their peak, can be characterized as follows:
By way of a breakdown, the development of Japan’s passenger vehicles can be divided into high-speed development stages, dominated by new demand, replacement, medium-term development with new demand, and a smooth phase, entirely dominated by replacement demand. Phase I: As the economy is growing rapidly, the demand for vehicles has risen rapidly, in the form of vehicle sales, etc.
The second phase: with the slowdown in economic growth and the increase in per capita car holdings, consumer demand has slowed down, in the form of moderate growth in holdings, sales and economic growth, with annual sales to be reached at that stage.
The Japanese automobile industry was at that stage from 1970 to 1990. Third phase: as the economy slowed further and per capita holdings increased, consumer demand for new increases continued to decline and demand for replacement became fully dominant, in the form of economic stability and annual sales.
There is still room for medium- and long-term growth in the automobile industry in Japan after 1990. Compared to the history of the automobile industry in Japan, China’s automobile industry has developed late, and with China’s larger population and national territory, it has a longer cycle of growth.
The current development of China’s automobile industry is characterized by the following: per capita holdings and per capita gdp continue to grow at a medium and high rate, and the per capita holdings base remains unstructured, and the country’s automobile industry remains a market dominated by new demand.
In the light of the history of Japan’s automobile industry, we believe that the current development of China’s automobile industry is at the beginning of the second phase of Japan’s automobile industry, and that, as per capita ownership increases and the economy continues to grow, China’s automobile industry will gradually shift to a phase dominated by replacement demand, with subsequent sales still open, with negative sales growth in 2018 being short-term fluctuations.
If you compare the implementation of the two acquisition tax policies with the implementation of the second acquisition tax preferences, the economic growth is lower than for the first time: the base figure for vehicle sales at the time of the second implementation is higher than for the first time per capita holdings;
On the basis of the above two differences, it can be seen that the second stimulus policy was far less effective than the first, and we expect the overdraft to fall in the main annual retail sales (higher risk, lower) and the wholesale sales to fall at a single-digit rate; the retail and wholesale sales to fall in 2018.
As stock pressure rises, retail and wholesale sales began to decline significantly in the second half of 2018, and after more than a year of terminal adjustment, we believe, the sales overdrafts generated by the policy stimulus were released, while macroeconomics were released.
On the production end, mainstream cars start producing six cars in two quarters, according to their own rhythm. On the marketing end, the distributors in the six regions of the early implementation stopped buying five cars in the country and cleaned up the country’s five-car stock, including through increased marketing, and the industry in May-June.
For consumers, the six-car-type consumer who wants to buy the country is still on the waiting list, discouraging some of the demand in the first half of the year. According to our aggregates, the cumulative share of sales in the region where the national six emission criteria are applied earlier is more than 50%.
Policy incentives are expected to be strengthened, and the sector is re-enhanced. On 29 January 2019, 10 ministries jointly issued the Implementation Programme for Further Optimizing Supply for a Smooth Growth of Consumption for a Strong Domestic Market (2019), which provides policy guidelines for promoting steady growth in the automobile industry, including the promotion of end-of-life renewal of old cars; and the continued introduction of new energy vehicle subsidies and incentives.
Policies; promotion of rural car renewal (i.e., rural car migration); steady progress towards easing the restrictions on pickup trucks entering the city; acceleration of the second-hand car market: further optimization of local government motor vehicle management measures. We believe that the automobile industry, as the backbone of domestic production, is essential for economic development, and the introduction of the Programme is expected to increase further as a follow-up policy stimulus is expected.
On 6 June 2019, the DRC, the Ministry of Eco-Environment and the Ministry of Commerce issued a joint circular on the publication of the Programme for the Implementation of the Programme for the Promotion of the Upgrading of Priority Consumer Products and the Revitalization of Resources (2019-2020), which provides a new direction for stimulating automobile consumption and introduces corresponding guidelines:
(i) To resolve the barriers to the consumption of motor vehicles. New car restrictions are strictly prohibited. Local governments that have implemented car restrictions should speed up the transition from restricted to induced purchase in accordance with the effects of urban traffic congestion, pollution control and traffic demand control, to establish reasonably crowded areas in conjunction with block congestion, and to explore policies for the classification of vehicles within and outside the area.
There is no limit to purchases outside the congestion zone. (2) There is a strong push for the consumption of new energy vehicles.
Support. Encourage the creation of zero-emission pilot sites where conditions exist, such as parking fees, to encourage new energy vehicles. (3) Study the development of a policy to promote the phase-out of old vehicles.
Upgrade or export to accelerate the phase-out of old gas vehicles using thin combustion techniques and “oil gas”. (4) Expedite the upgrading of vehicles in the public domain of cities. Promote the upgrading of vehicles in the public domain of cities and accelerate the introduction of new and updated public transport, sanitation, postal, rental, commuter, light logistics vehicles for new energy sources or clean-up.
Energy vehicles, with 80 per cent of the priority areas for air pollution control by 2020. Encouragement of local support for new sources of energy Automobile operations to reduce the cost of using new sources of energy. (5) Active promotion of the upgrading of rural vehicle consumption. Three-wheeled cars for rural residents and the purchase of 3.5 tons and less.
Cars or up to 1.6 litres in passenger cars, with appropriate support from local merchant suppliers in a position to do so, and active marketing and promotion activities by associations and associations to promote the consumption of cars in rural areas. 2.3 Competition has increased in the sector, with the market at the core.
In China’s suv dividend, autonomous brands grew rapidly with rapid response and took up a seat on the suv market below $150,000. The Great Wall car, Jili car, motor vehicle, wide-blown car, Chang An car, etc., emerged to represent autonomous branding companies.
There is now a much more complex pattern of competition for autonomous brands, which currently account for more than 40% of sales and no room for significant increases. Joint venture brands have gradually made up for the suv gap, and competition in the suv market has intensified.
Joint brands will be explored further. The public will be independent of the Jedda brand, targeting young people, higher-priced models, and increasing competition in the lower-middle- and middle-end markets.
In our view, further increased competition in the industry will result in a gradual elimination of backward production capacity, with autonomous joint-venture competition entering the heat phase. Autonomous brands will strengthen the competitiveness of existing markets, steadily increasing market share at the heart of a new cycle.3 The product cycle will open, and technological reserves will gradually materialize.
3.1 From big monoliths to differentiated competition The Great Wall and Gilly, as labels for autonomous brands, differ considerably in terms of vehicle-type planning and development strategies. In 2014, Gilly launched a new product cycle, with a strong roll-out of new models to achieve differentiated competition, covering a wide range of separate cities.
On the scene, the sale of Gilly cars has been growing at a high rate through differentiated competition and rapid coverage of individual market segments. At present, the whole product matrix of the Keeley car consists of a number of cars such as the Vision series, the Tie Hau series, , Bo+, Star+, mpv, geometry of the new energy brand, and the collar.
The process of rediscovering the growth of the international car company has been marked by a further increase in sales, accompanied by a shift from large monolithics to different brands. Differences are reflected in power differentiation, differences in car systems, and differences in brands.
Haveh6 has become the leader of the country’s suv brand. But excessive reliance on the sales of the h-series (especially h6) is also influenced by the H6 model, which is difficult to reflect the difference between product and model positioning.
In 2018, the company was listed as the first year of the company's new car cycle.
After that, the company will build on the existing product and, from a technical point of view, the diversity of the power matching will make the company ' s vehicle model more variable. In addition to the gw4b15 and gw4c20 engines that are currently in the company ' s mainstream, the company has stored a whole new engine.
The f series focuses on rejuvenation and intelligence, with differences. The Hafff series is a new Hover series of cars that came to the city at the end of 2018, unlike the h series of practical and balanced product orientations, the f series of positioning currents, technology and motion.
In terms of the target population, the h series is dominated by three or four-line markets in the post-80 group, while the f series is the Hover brand that attacked the 90-line group after the second-line market. The price of the H, F, primary, H6 and F7, F7, is slightly higher than the H6.
The company removed the red-blue markers, followed by a single black sign,f which will replace the old Hapheh blue model and become a separate department exclusively for young people. The Haphew and Hafff systems will also be completely independent in terms of marketing distribution, distribution networks, product imports, etc.
Figure 36: The f series and the h series are distinguished from the h series in product design, with significant differences in positioning. The f series currently has three models: F5, F7, F7x, of which F5 and F7 contribute to the current major sales volume. The f5 and F7 are compact suv, both internal and external.
In terms of power, f5 has only 1.5t+7dc, while f7 has 1.5t/2t+7dc. In terms of intelligence, f7 carries the "i-pilot" smart pilot system, which allows for a class 1-2 autopilot, which is more intelligent than a level 5 configuration.
f5,f7 and h6. F7 and h6 are overlapping. F7 and H6 are more dynamic in their appearance, better suited to young people's aesthetics, and f7 are more intelligently configured than h6 and fully reflect the difference in the location of the two vehicles.
Figure 42: The Hufff7 series has a rich configuration and a leading car type. f7 competitions overlap with h6 with mainstream autonomous brands such as Chang An cs75, Jilibyan, Eunweirx5, fax gs4:
On the spatial side, f7. On the power side, carrying autonomously developed engines, gw4b15h/gw4c20nt and bipolar converters, providing 1.5t/2.0t+7dct two power configurations with static power parameters ahead of competing models.
In the case of intelligence aids, smart interconnections label the f7 major, with an "i-pilot" smart pilot system that can be used to autopilot level 1-2 now, intelligently configured to lead the car. In the case of other configurations, full-carled light source, full liquid crystal instrument, open door alert, full terrain module, 4g mind.
Table 11: f7 vs f7x locate suv, enter the new segment. Suv becomes the next competition in the mainstream autonomous brand.
The market, in 2019, three autonomous companies, Chang-Ann, Wall, Jili, listed their own suv-type cs85, f7x, and Star Viet. We compared the initial version of 2.0t to Hufff7x’s static competitiveness lead: on prices, F7x’s entry price was lower than that of cs85 and Star Viet.
On the external and space side, the entrance axis of f7x2.0t is longer than a competitive car. And the full light source of the car is better matched by a competitive car. On the power side, the entrance version of f7x2.0t carries the Great Wall ' s gw4c20b engine, matching the self-researched 7dct
Speed transformers, torque power combined, are no less powerful than a competitive car. And the marketed model has reached the national six-emission smart driving level, with f7x2.0t on board speed cruises, automatic stationary vehicles, fatigue driving upgrades, etc. The overall configuration is better than a competitive car.
Table 12: f7 vs. still pattern of competing vehicles Figure 43: Hafff7x shape Figure 44: Hafff7x interior
Million dollars. The M series is located below the H series, making up low-end markets for the Wall. The M series will be the main strength of the Wall ' s car ' s share of the low-end market while maintaining the height of the H series. We compare the value of a line of autonomous brands to an automatic front-page model, where the value of m6 is equally high.
The f+h series has grown steadily since it was marketed.f Consumers have favoured it, and the main car type F has sold up to 15,000 in July and has the potential to become the next blowout. Since 2019, the domestic car market has been under constant pressure, and, in the face of negative monthly growth in the industry, the Wall has continued to grow in reverse sales through the new car series.f
The share has risen steadily, and with the gradual improvement of the company’s product lines, the company is expected to further consolidate its 3.2 technology reserves in the area of suv, and dct will be the main focus of its own brand.
With high efficiency, oil efficiency, etc., and the rapid development of global leading dt suppliers such as Gertrake, Mass Volculators and others in the country, which has enabled domestic suppliers of whole vehicles, transformers and spare parts to have the relevant manufacturing base and supply capacity, dct has gradually become an important direction for autonomous brands such as the Great Wall, Jili, Biadey, Chang An, Jianghuai and others.
In the new energy sector, dct is also a priority mixer for hybrid technologies. On the one hand, mixing technologies can solve the shortcomings of dcc's low-speed failure and maximize dct's performance. On the other hand, dct's high-tangle features match.
High torque motors, so as to improve the acceleration performance of electric vehicles. Auto-research 7dct, product competitiveness leading. In core components, the Wall is gradually moving from external to self-supply. The Wall has used modern (6at), Gertrak (6dct) and Ceev itself.
For two years in a row, the Great Wall 's 7dct transformer's 2018-2019 has been rated as the World's 10 Quantities, with the same product competitiveness as that of mainstream companies and suppliers.
For 6dct45, the product is now replaced by 7dct300. The company's 7dct product currently matches 1.5t and 2.0t engines. The only thing that matches the two engines is 7dct450 is the shell total, the internal gear ratio, the gear processor process, the gear heat process, the clutch, and the corresponding.
Control logic is different, trying to create different driving feelings in different power configurations. Reserve 9dc products, rich in power configurations. In 2019, at the Shanghai Car Fair, the Great Wall car displayed a new nine-stage double-divide transformer 9dct500. Compared to 7dct45, the new transformer will be significantly enhanced, and the maximum torque will be raised.
500nm, with a 3.5% increase in transmission efficiency, a reduction of nearly 10% in weight, and a reduction of 4 mm in the length of the axis, is expected to weigh up to 6.6 degrees, with a transmission ratio of about 8.2. The new 9dcs will be equipped with a brand-new 2.0t launch platform product, gw4n20, with a derivative product, 9hdct, with a 1.5t engine platform product, gw4b15a.
The Great Wall car currently has four main engine platforms. The Wall car currently has eg, eb, ec, and ed engine platforms, of which two engines, gw4b15 and gw4c20 under the eb and ec platform, are currently the main forces:
eg platform: for the first engine platform in an existing platform, the current engine model is gw4g15b, in Hafh2.eb platform: Grand Wall car 1.5t vehicle main power platform, engine type gw4b15 (State V)
& gw4b15a (N6) with the title of the "China Q10" engine. ec platform: the Great Wall car 2.0t main engine platform, which currently features gw4c20, gw4c20nt and gw4c20a. gw4c20nt and gw4c20a are derived from gw4c20
In contrast, gw4c20a emphasizes high power output; gw4c20nt is oriented toward everyday applications, focusing on the balance between fuel economy and power performance. ed platform: Great Wall diesel engine platform, engine type gw4d20, with a major pickup card.
G6 engine reserves are well developed, new engine platforms are well equipped. The G6 engine reserves are well developed, and the 1.5t model replaces the current gw4b15 engine with gw4b15a, with the same performance parameters. 2.0 t model, ec platform reserve gw4c20b engine, with a slight change in performance parameters. Gw4d20m for diesel engines.
At the same time, the company's first engine, the platform en platform, gw4n20, meets the country's six emission standards, and will carry a 9dcc volt-backed Great Wall car, type 2.0t. The gw4n20 engine uses the Miller cycle and is expected to be economical.
It is better than the gw4c20nt engine, which currently focuses on the balance of fuel economy and power performance, while at the same time it is better than the gw4c20nt engine on the surface of the performance parameters.
The Great Wall’s pickups were the first in the country. The Wall’s cars entered the market in Pika in 1996 and remained in the highest position in the country’s pickup market for the period from 1998 to the present, with the market share remaining at around 30% in the last decade, well ahead of the second. In 2018, the city’s pick-up was 138,000 and the city’s 31%.
Picards are defined in our country as light vans, which are subject to a number of restrictions on their use:
In the case of annual examinations, the pickup is checked once a year for less than 10 years, and twice a year for more than 10 years.
Holidays are not free of charge: on important national holidays, 7 minibuses (including) are free of charge, while pickup trucks are not free of charge. To address the concerns of potential pickup consumers, promote the consumption of pickups, and limit the driving of pickups.
In January 2019, a total mass of 4.5 tons of ordinary cargo vehicles was removed, along with a driving license. The "double license" was cancelled, meaning that driving a pickup card requires only a c1 driver's license, and that the truck was released as a key source of new and comprehensive energy, and the Ola brand created a fine product.
The Great Wall has a new energy area, involving batteries (the beehive energy), power-driven systems (the beehives) and whole-of-car manufacturing (Oula). The company has independently created the new energy car brand to create the Eurasia brand, which is based on a purely electric me platform that has been developed and marketed with excellent sales of model R1 and iq, which will further enhance the competitiveness of the Wall ' s new energy sector.
4.1 Inner energy and co-operation, new energy rapids, Ora's global branding of fine cars. The Ora brand is a new energy brand built by the Wall ' s brand based on its brand-new, purely electric exclusive platform, with a vision of the world's first-best electric minibus.
R and iq are two major groups of products. r is a single-mixed private sector, targeting new urban youth; and iq series, a cross-border pure electricity suv that meets market diversification needs, is now mainly used in the travel market.
It's a pure electric platform. Me consolidates the Great Wall ' s global research and development resource, which guarantees that the research and development centre is responsible for the integration of cars, the development of cellular energy for battery systems, the development of software at the Indian Research and Development Center, and the development of autopilot technology at the American Research and Development Center.
The Great Wall Me Platform, with the goal of setting up new energy technology poles in the industry, is developing in the direction of greater space, high colour values, high quality, safer and smarter: Large Space: Me Platform focuses on the core design of products such as light quantification, miniaturization, efficiency, integrated electricity.
Driver modules, power module layouts below the bottom of the floor, achieving power module occupancy characteristics such as small space, low overall weight of product, and better structure. Safer: battery bags placed below floor, 15% lower than fuel trucks for Olar1 and more than axle charge.
(50:50) Low g focus, making manipulation more smooth. At the same time, the me platform has a total of 416 car-wide electrical safety design measures and more than 40 condition tests in five areas (chemical, mechanical, electrical, electromagnetic, control), six dimensions (power management, high voltage construction, high voltage use, unusual handling, maintenance and recovery).
More than 3000 virtual simulations, covering Chinese/European Union regulations and ncap safety requirements standards, provide full-scale protection for vehicles. More intelligent: auto-driving is achievable aeb, apa (full automatic parking), audio and entertainment is achievable
Smart id, voice, cell key, smart travel, etc. Based on me platforms, products are highly competitive. The a00-grade model is based on price comparison, and Eular1 is based on the Great Wall ' s pure power platform Me platform.
The price of the car is high. Figure 56: O'Larr1 shape. Figure 57: O'Larr1 interior.
Table 19: R1 is listed in comparison with the static pattern of competing cars, r2 is listed as a further complement to the Great Wall ' s new energy product line. The next model of a me-based platform is created by Eurar2 and will be available in 2019. In terms of appearance interiors, Euraru2 is more technologically sensitive than r1.
The model is located in a pure electric vehicle type with a range greater than r1, r2 with an overall width of 3625*1660*1530 mm, with an axle range of 2490 mm. With regard to power configuration, it is expected to be more than 300 km, with a class autopilot, recognition of the door to the door, facial and acoustic signature, hidden two-dimensional code.
In July 2018, the Wall and BMW formally signed a joint venture.
The establishment of the joint venture will further expand the profile of the Great Wall ' s vehicles in the new energy sector, and by integrating technology from both sides, it will be possible to build a new global brand of new energy sources.
From an operational point of view, the board of directors of the beam car is composed of six directors, three of whom are appointed by the company and three by the BMW Unit: the director is appointed by the company and the deputy director is appointed by the BMW Unit. In terms of R & D, the beam car is not just making mini electric versions, but will integrate new energy technologies in BMW and the Wall, and will develop and produce new brands of pure electric products, which are expected to lead.
The model will be marketed in 2021 and will be located below the mini electric version. In the allocation of resources for light cars, the joint venture will be able to allocate resources from both sides, the Mini electric vehicle will be sold on BMW channels, and the new branded electric vehicle will be sold on the Great Wall.
As a key step in the new BMW vehicle layout, the light beam car is planned to form the “one-base three” global manufacturing base for BMW new energy vehicles; the “three-centre” is the BMW Global Research and Development Centre for New Energy Vehicles, the BMW Engines/Motor Box and the Co-built Carbon Fibre Light Quantification Industrial Centre.
4.2 Supply chain integration, marketing innovation, and three power systems operate independently and integrate the supply chain.
In October 2018, it was transferred from a listed company to the Great Wall’s stock-holding flag. The capacity schedule shows a planned output of 4 gwh in the first phase of the project, which is located in the permanent state gold altar, and is expected to produce in October 2019, and in the second year, the domestic capacity of the nest’s energy planning will reach 60 gwh.
For short-distance travel, inter-city travel, and running the three fields of travel, the nest energy turns to square stacking technology, which is now relatively mature, with the first volume of product using a ncm811 material system. Compared to the traditional wrapping process, the stacking process is structured, life-cycle, energy-cycle.
There are advantages, for example, in terms of mass density. For the most efficient bottlenecks in stacking technologies, the Hive Energy United Nations and external suppliers have developed together, with a traditional stacking process of 1 s, while the hive has been upgraded to 0.6 s, with high-speed stacking of 0.45 s in phase II, and a super-high-speed stacking process of 0.25 s is being developed.
Product differentiation R & D to meet different travel requirements. For three main areas: short distance, long distance, and travel, cellular energy R & D 56ah ~ 160ah multi-type products, core shape design squares and soft packagings, with a maximum energy density of 300wh/kg (soft packaging, cycle life is not sufficient for mass production). For the module, the vda module is 91% efficient, and the bev module energy density is capable.
To 236wh/kg, and to 192wh/kg, the energy density of the triple-power battery package, the technology is to be found in industry, the nests are easy to integrate the Great Wall ' s power assets, and the power drive system is open. The beehives were created in 2018 to integrate the power assets under the Long City ' s car flag, with four subsidiaries with limited beehive power systems, respectively.
Companies, Beehive Power Driving Systems Ltd., and Beehive Smart Switches Ltd. cover products such as engines (engine), new energy smart transformers (dct), new energy power generators & controllers (e-moto&inverter), e-drive backbridges (read), electric power transfer systems (eps). With respect to power-driven systems, the beehives can easily develop three-in-one products (electricity) autonomously.
Ora marketing innovation, traditional + new retailing and heavy marketing innovation, Ora branding a marketing trio architecture. At the marketing end, Ora brand has rejected the traditional distribution model.
The next phase, exploring new retail models and traditional channels to form a three-pronged structure: Industry Clients: Platform+Lineside Users Cooperation Models: droplets, America Clubs, Cars.
New retailing: Cooperative exploration of new models of automobile retailing: Skycat, Kyundong, Suning, 58 compatriots, etc. Figure 60: Eura's continuous investment in forward-looking technology to build a three-pronged marketing architecture, active deployment of hydrogen energy
The Hydrogen Energy Technology Centre was first built to speed up the hydrogen energy layout. The Great Wall vehicles are being developed in parallel with three new energy directions: a phev, a pure electric car (bev), and a fuel cell car (fcev). The Hydrogen Energy Technology Centre, which began to run on trial in June 2018, is now the world’s leading, with the country’s first large hydrogen, fuel cell car critical complex.
The pilot, test centre, with a total investment of $570 million, includes the main integrated testing centre, the hydrogen supply centre and the energy supply. The first fuel cell model of the Great Wall vehicle, based on an exclusive platform, is planned to be shown in 2020 and the first fuel cell fleet will be launched at the 2022 North Kyoto Olympics, with the final formal roll-out of a mature hydrogen fuel cell vehicle to the market in 2025.
Figure 61: The Great Wall Centre for Hydrogen Energy Technology (CET) has accelerated the development of hydrogen energy technology by increasing its internal exterior growth and weight. The Great Wall accelerated the deployment of hydrogen energy technology started in 2018: (1) pilot operation of the Centre for Hydrogen Energy Technology (CET) in June 2018;
(2) In September 2018, the Great Wall Consorts took control of the power. As a pioneer in China’s fuel cell automobile industry, the engine of combustion completed the development of our first- and fourth-generation fuel cell motor power system platform. (3) In October 2018, the Wall entered the world’s leading hydrogen plant operator, H2mobility.
Liquefied Air Group, Daimler, Lindh, omv, Shell, and the seventh shareholder after Dadal. h2m operates more than 50 hydrogen plants in Germany, more than 40 are under construction, and another 300 are planned to form a supply network of hydrogen stations throughout Germany.
(4) 100 per cent control of the combustion power was completed in April 2019.(5) Unactive energy was established in April 2019, with headquarters in Shanghai, and will focus on hydrogen energy and fuel cell technology development and industrialization.
In 2019, q1 by car sales fell by 13.7% on a year-on-year basis, while the Great Wall car grew by 10.6% with a full new m, f series, and new energy products. From a product-cycle perspective, we believe that future corporate sales are better than industry performance mainly from: 1) Hafer brand: the expansion of new m and f series products.
This has led to an increase in Hover’s brand sales; 2) the rapid development of new energy markets and the continuous improvement of companies’ products in the new energy sector: 3) The gradual liberalization of the pickup market is expected to lead to a gradual increase in pickup sales.
(a) Industry growth is slowing and competition is increasing, and it is expected that the market share of three or four lines of autonomous brands will be on the front line, and end discounts are expected to remain stable as the industry recovers;
The new cycle of corporate sales is expected to continue to outperform the industry, and the market share has increased further: 2) the new energy whole-sector layout, battery-plus power-driven technology leads to compensate for the company's shortcomings in the new energy sector; 3) the integration of parts and components into the external opening and strengthening of car zero; and the sustained improvement in the company's turnover over the next three years, with a combined growth rate of 14.8 per cent in corporate sales and a compound increase in performance over the next three years.
Risks such as the downside of macroeconomics; the volume of cars sold below expectations; and the pace of new vehicle listings below expectations. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, or for not having done so, nor for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.