The South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WIRDC) is a major contributor to the increase in cooling and the steady growth of the zero-breeding business.
(a) Summary of performance: the company issued its annual report for 2018, which generated revenues of $10.84 billion in 18 years, an increase of 13.1 per cent in the same year;
The transfer of 3 shares (including taxes) from the Capital Provident Fund to 10 shares for all shareholders, with a share of 40.9 per cent, has reached an all-time high of 10 million units, the company ' s refrigeration business has generated $5.96 billion, a year-on-year increase of more than 20 per cent for two consecutive years, and the refrigeration business, which accounts for more than 50 per cent of the company ' s revenue, continues to be the main driver of the company ' s growth in size.
After that, there were slightly more than anticipated sales in air conditioners, and in March, major manufacturers promoted the opening of the air conditioner season ahead of schedule, with good output data, and trade friction rates between China and the United States were likely to be slower than last year, so we expected corporate cold business units to earn more in 2019 than we expected at the beginning of the year.
In 2018, the company generated 1.43 billion dollars in zero business, which will grow steadily in the future. New energy vehicles are still in the early stages of growing in the country, with technological sophistication and policy encouragement.
The profit copper price rises, and the microchannels are expected to grow again. As a result of the decline in the volume of purchases by large clients, the company achieved $1.22 billion in 2018, compared to 2.9 per cent in 2019, the copper price has continued to rise, the cost of traditional heat-for-coppers for coppers has also increased, and the copper price continues to rise and will accelerate the replacement of the microchannels.
The increase in the cost of raw materials and manual labour is delaying the Māori rate. During the reporting period, the Māori ratio of company-owned operations was 28.6 per cent, while the Māori rate of major business portfolios was declining, mainly due to increased market competition, changing supply and demand, and another.
On the other hand, the cost of raw materials and labour costs has risen faster. The main cost rate has remained stable, with exchange rate fluctuations affecting the company’s exchange rate of $8,779,000.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.