The harvest was the first to break the $10 billion mark and was expected to benefit from a three-in-a-ten shift in the model3. Moreover, the three-flash zero-for-profit commitment was 126%.
Infused three-flash zero assets into the new energy car heat management area in September 2017. (1) Zero real business in 2018 was the main force of growth. (1) Power operations focus on air conditioners, refrigerators, dishwashers, microchannels for heat change.
Refrigeration valves benefit from the wind cycle of downstream industries such as air conditioning, refrigerators, etc., with a 21% increase in the same year. Microchannels and other household power businesses have lost 3% and 9% in the same year. (2) Steam zero accounts for an 18% increase in the same year. In 2018, three steam zeros contributed 20% of the profits.
3. "The second quarter performance is expected to continue to grow - O'Malley, the general public, Mercedes, BMW, Volvo, Tesla, General, Gilly, Biadei, Top."
Order orders from customers, such as Mol (a supplier of water coolers for high-voltaic motor vehicles, expected to be released in 2020, life cycle 4. " Traditional business rules are in line, waiting for the expected sale of $900 million in ev heat management " ), with a maximum single-car value of nearly $5,000.
The company's exclusive supply of Tesla model3 thermal management components, combined with the electric-magnetic valves, the electron-inflated valves, the electron-inflated valves, the electron oils.
5. "Ev heat management is expected to be a new growth point - 3 flowers Pumps, oil coolers, water coolers, battery chillers, 7 projects with voltage units valued at about $2,000 per vehicle; 10,000 model3 will increase corporate revenues of about 233 million yuan and 200,000 will increase production by 408 million dollars.
The company is expected to benefit from a local procurement model planned for the Tesla Shanghai plant. Joo-hoon, the city of Chao, the power industry is falling: new energy cars are not growing as fast as expected: commercial refrigeration pioneers.
Households do not meet expectations; refrigeration product market share declines; exchange rate fluctuations. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment