Tianfu Communications: Three-quarter performance meets expectations, Light Communication City October 29th, 2019.
▪ Three-quarter performances are in line with expectations: the demand for light communications operations has increased steadily, with actual operating income of $135 million in the third quarter, an increase of 14.71 per cent in the same year; the net profit on maternity is $4.9 billion, an increase of 32.70 per cent in the same year.
Photocommunications are growing rapidly. The rate of Maori in fili communications has risen steadily, with sales increasing research and development spending continuously in the first three quarters of 2019, building on the potential of core competitiveness: R&D expenditures of $4.2 billion in the first three quarters of fili communications, an increase of 26.89% over the same period, largely due to the increase in research and development staff.
The company's continuous investment in product development and development, with the aim of increasing the integration of chips, the speed of transmission and the breadth of transmission, has further strengthened the research and development capacity of products and the capacity of product platforms to make them more competitive.
1. Fibre Communication (300394); Light model; accurate positioning; stable customer relations; 5g contribution to high corporate performance: one-stop solution from upstream
It is true that business does not involve customer end-of-light module products and stable relations with clients. The 5g network is being built to generate demand for big-time luminous devices, which benefit from a 5g cyclical upswing, facilitated by a combination of telecommunications and digital markets.
The market size has continued to grow rapidly, reaching US$ 11.6 billion in 2018, with sustained high performance growth of US$ 2019-10-15, and is expected to reach US$ 13.7 billion by 2020.
The supplier, SkyFoot, also has an opportunity to upgrade the rare network on a large scale. Risk: The risk of deterioration of the environment for overseas operations: the risk of increased competition in the lightware market: the risk of environmental degradation for overseas operations; the risk of undesired risk for overseas penetration; and the Maori rate of new products.
The risk of a decline faster than expected: three quarters of performance met expectations, operating income recovered steadily, $384 million of operating income was achieved in the first three quarters of 2019, with 18.18 per cent increase in the same period and a net return to the mother ' s profit of 126 per cent.
One billion yuan, or 38.47 per cent over the same period, of which 135 million yuan in operating income was realized in the third quarter, representing an increase of 14.71 per cent over the same period; and 49 million yuan over the current net profit from the mother, representing an increase of 32.70 per cent over the same period.
A new product line increases production capacity and income, while corporate overseas market sales continue to grow at a relatively high rate, with a steady increase in the rate of Maori sales from 54.44 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019, and net sales interest rates are shown in figure 5: Māori sales from fur, net interest rates (%)
The third quarter was marked by an increase in the size of communications management in the foil, continued stabilization of net cash flows from operating activities, and the overall trend of “one-stop” solutions with significant competitive advantages, a steady increase in value, a steady increase in R & D spending and a steady build-up of core competitiveness potential
The increase in R & D expenditure in the first three quarters of the Fertilde communication was 26.89 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the increase in the number of R & D staff and the input of R & D materials. Companies are investing continuously in product development, with the aim of increasing the integration of chips, the speed of transmission and the breadth of transmission, further strengthening the R & D and product platform capabilities of the products.
The competitiveness of products has been consolidated and enhanced.2 Client relations are stable, bargaining power is stronger, Skyfut communications is well positioned and does not involve customer end-of-life module products, and domestic clients are now mainly in the middle.
Enterprises with interstellar, optical, and pon-light modules, whose clients abroad are mainly finisar, aaoi, and oclaro. Currently, Skyfowl is the only provider in the country that can provide a “one-stop” solution upstream of the light module, a resolutionr, a lower cost, a higher rate of excellence, and a greater degree of certainty over the performance of the upstream provider of the light module.
The cost of containment by the light-module manufacturer itself is more cost-effective, while the scarcity of resources and production capacity enhances the bargaining power of the fertiliser.
The emergence of 5g networks has contributed to the expansion of the network and the demand for big light devices. The global market for optical devices has been growing rapidly, driven by a combination of telecommunications and digital markets, reaching $11.6 billion in 2018, and the global market for optical devices is expected to reach $13.7 billion by 2020.
Lightware providers, which also provide the opportunity for large-scale upgrading of the network. The risk of low demand for high-end light modules; the risk of increased competition in the optical device market; and the risk of deterioration in the environment of overseas operations: the risk of increased competition in the optical device market: the risk of deterioration in the environment of overseas operations: what is appropriate for overseas operations.
The risk of not meeting expectations; the decline in the Māori rate of the new product was faster than expected.