The third quarter of 2019 was evaluated by the Fertilde News (300394), and the lightware business was steadily developing and performing well as expected, and the Division achieved $384 million in revenue, an increase of 18.18 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $126 million, an increase of the same year.
Wei Hongmei's net profit on collection and repatriation has been growing and q3 has performed as expected. According to the announcement, the company achieved operating income of $384 million in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 18.18 per cent in the same year and a decrease of 10.75 per cent in the same year.
Research assistant: Xiaolang, Māori sales rate and net interest rate on sales continue to rise at a high level. For Māori sales, the net interest rate for the first three quarters of the company was 33 per cent, an increase of 4.85 percentage points over the same period last year.
Maintenance of the upward trend. Cost control, from the beginning of the year to the company period in the q1, h1 and q3 reporting periods.
At the same time, according to the Chinese Industrial Information Network, the number of 5g macrostations is about 1.5 times that of 4g base stations, and the number of micro-based stations is even larger than that of the 5g base station, which we are building at a steady pace.
The demand for light models in the mobile communications market is expected to rise gradually. In the data communications market, investments in data centres will return to warmness with applications such as cloud computing, with high-performance light modules as the basis for the efficient operation of data centres, resulting in the upgrading of the original light module and the creation of new data centres.
The demand for the mobile and data communication market for the light module will go up along the chain of the light module industry, and upstream firms will benefit from it. Based on cost considerations, the light module industry is moving towards a division of labour, so that the manufacturers with the ability to integrate vertically will be able to do so.
It's in favor. The telecommunications position is up ahead of the light module industrial chain. The company currently has 10 product lines and seven solutions. The company relies on the vertical integration of the industrial chain. The strategy is to position itself in the field of optical electronic manufacturing services (oms). As the demand for light modules rises and the division of labour becomes industry.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.