Keeping the African market in the lead, the diversified layout contributes to long-term growth — sound-held companies take stock, and future performance will grow steadily when the emerging markets of the company are moving well and the diversified layout accelerates.
• Africa’s market continues to grow at a high rate, and the sound continues to lead Africa. According to idc data, in 2021 q1 Africa’s overall mobile phone sales were 53.3 million, an increase of 14.0 per cent over the same period, of which 23.4 million were smart sales, an increase of 16.8 per cent over the same period, and 29.9 million were functional,
The voice continues to lead African markets by 11.9 per cent, with smart markets reaching 44.3 per cent and functional markets 78.7 per cent. Companies have been in the forefront of African markets for many years, other emerging markets have expanded rapidly and are expected to take a sustained lead with differentiated competitive advantages in the future.
Minimum/highest in a year: The field is in the midst of a market trend to switch a functional machine to a smart machine, and the continued increase in the penetration of a smart machine will be the main driver of medium-term growth in emerging markets, with companies expected to localize with their vision of globalization.
The development philosophy of business is growing rapidly. Quality classes are expanding rapidly, and the strategic layout of diversity becomes the driving force behind companies' long-term growth, and companies are growing rapidly in mobile interconnection and home-based digital business by themselves in the emerging global mobile phone market.
The impact of deep farming and the advantages of localizing operations, channels, supply chain management over the years, the rapid development of company mobile Internet operations and products around mobile phones, such as domestic electricity and accessories, and increasing product competitiveness and market ownership.
A number of mature applications have worked together to develop applications, and good results have been achieved. The digital home business has grown rapidly, both online and offline, and the multi-brand strategy has entered a virtuous development phase. The business eco-model of company mobile phones + mobile Internet services + home power, digital accessories has been initially shaped and further strengthened.
• Profit forecasting and investment advice, companies farming in Africa and emerging markets, smart hardware-type eco-models are taking shape, and we're looking at the company.
2021-04-27 " O3 Camp net profit booms, smart hardware upgrades, and long-term growth of mobile connectivity " 2020-10-28
"O2 Reverse Growth, Technology Towards the Rise of New Billows" "Longlines, Borders Expanding Smart Terminals" 2020-07-15.