Smart penetration continues to rise, multi-brand strategies move into a virtuous development phase -- sound holding companies take stock, keep African markets at the top, emerging markets move well, and diversified layout accelerates.
• Smart penetration continues to rise, with emerging markets providing medium- and long-term power for industry, with companies earning $21,677 billion in the first half of the year (year-on-year +69.88 per cent of that amount). Emerging markets have a population base of more than $3 billion, have smaller per capita mobile phone holdings, and future industry markets.
Space is huge, and as emerging markets mature, the functional machine is transitioning to a smart machine, and intelligence is at the lowest/highest in a year: structural improvements resulting from the continued rise in osmosis will be the main driving force behind medium- and long-term growth in the industry.
Companies have a central advantage in the four main areas of dark-skinned photography, innovation in the application of new hardware materials, high-data user behaviour analysis and os systems, and mobile interconnection services, and thus maintain a competitive edge in the new and emerging markets with their own core technologies and a leading position in the core African markets.
• The strategic layout of diversity is well under way, with companies becoming long-term growth drivers, companies that have been working for years in the emerging global mobile phone market and, with their brand influence, have built a network of wide-ranging and heavily permeable channels, and corporate multi-brand operations, such as digital accessories, home appliances, etc., are well under way.
As the number of smartphones produced by companies continues to grow, so does the number of users of the audio-os system, which forms the core basis of the company’s mobile interconnectivity business. Companies also engage in music, games, and short-lived Internet companies with leading national Internet companies.
Videos, content syndications, and other applications have been strategically developed, with over 10 autonomous and co-developed applications of more than 10 million live users per month. The business ecological model of corporate mobile phones + mobile Internet services + home electricity, digital accessories is now in its initial shape, and multi-brand strategies are entering a virtuous development phase.
• Profit forecasting and investment advice, companies farming in Africa and emerging markets, smart hardware-type eco-models are taking shape, and we're looking at the company.
2021-04-27 p split by 39.1/29.2/22.2 and maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
Mobile Connectivity Long-Term Growth 2020-10-28.
Enlarged Smart Terminal brand 2020-07-15