In the first half of the year, the number of mobile phones in the sixth year of the world was higher than previously forecast, and the number of mobile phones in the sixth year of the world was higher than the number of mobile phones in the second half of the year.
The impact of the \triangleright epidemic, with companies still performing at the same rate in the first half of the year, has largely benefited from: 1) sales earnings have been affected by the epidemic to a certain extent during the same period last year; 2) African markets have continued to gain a leading edge and new markets have been opened well. According to Omdia,
The 21H1 brands of cell phones, tecno and itel, delivered 153.115 million, +75.78 per cent, respectively, and together they were the sixth largest brand with a market share of 4 per cent. In the second half of the year, the unit showed a trend compared to the depth of 300.
This continued to increase, coupled with the continued opening of new markets, bringing the company’s stock reserve to $8 billion to meet market requirements, which is +45% of the year, with companies expected to show good performance in the second half of the year. Sustained investment in technology research and development, waiting for emerging-market economic potential to be released
Companies continue to invest in technology research and development, increasing brand influence and competing for products through home-grown innovation and differentiated competition, and spending on research and development has tripled from 2016 to 2020, with 21h1 continuing to invest $640 million, compared to +51 per cent, with 374 new inventions. Global emerging markets still have large potential for economic growth, with the potential for population growth dividends and smart machine penetration.
In addition, the company created a business model called “Mobile Phone + Mobile Internet Services + Households, Digital Parts” with seamless links and gradients around mobile phones.
A short-, medium- and long-term layout that will fully enjoy the development benefits of the release of emerging market economic potential and the deepening of technology applications.
“Recommend” ratings are underestimated, maintained. Emerging markets abroad are not expanding well, mobile markets are competitive, and the risk of a new crown epidemic is high.
In-depth report: Africa's mobile phone leadership brand, continued use of Wang Fang, chief of the electronics industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., with a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.