The forecast is slightly over-expected, with the emerging market macros and audio holdings (688036.sh) corresponding to a non-net profit of $771,000 for the second quarter, an increase of 20 per cent over the same period.
In the second quarter of 2021, companies achieved a net return profit of 920 million yuan, a 24 per cent increase in the same year, a 15 per cent increase in the ring, and sustained robust growth, largely as a result of strong demand resilience in emerging markets. According to idc data, q1, African hands, 2021
The machine market has 23.4 million smart machines, an increase of 16.8% in the same year, while the sound spread continues to run at a market share of 44.3%. At the same time, the ratio of more than $100 in the African region has risen to 48%, the ring has grown by 6.3 percentage points, and rapid demand recovery and maintenance has been achieved in the post-epidemiological era.
In the emerging market regions outside Africa, companies have also achieved a rapid increase in their share. According to Counterpoint, between January and April 2021, there were 3.8 million sales in India, with a doubling of the city’s share.
In 2021, q1, the company generated $310 million in revenue from the company’s high-quality operations.
By the end of 2020, eight autonomous and collaborative applications had been developed, with more than 10 million people living in a row. The growing brand ecology from hardware to software will be a new engine for companies to grow beyond mobile phone products.
“Thinkglobally, actually,” while maintaining a global perspective and continuing expansion in several countries and regions, the company adheres to the concept of localization. In terms of access, the company’s R & D and manufacturing bases are located in several countries, including Ethiopia, India, and Bangladesh, with distribution networks covered.
More than 70 countries and areas around the world; in terms of product definition, companies have insight into the needs of users in various regions, particularly in dark-skinned photography; in terms of branding, the three brands of tecno, itel, infinix under the corporate flag are well-positioned and have a very high degree of brand recognition and recognition.
Sound Holdings: Emerging Markets Expedition, King of Africa Revivals 2021.02.21 Sound Holdings: High Performance Growth 2021.
The “buy-in” rating is maintained for the long-line development of emerging market intelligent equipment taps, as described in the "Break-in-the-bought" paper.
Main financial and valuation data (millions of dollars)
However, Xian University of Electronics and Technology, which has been an active participant in the semiconductor industry for almost five years, has foreign experience in the field, such as instruments in Texas, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also the founder of the country’s well-known semiconductor incubation platform of 10 coffees, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early on. In 2017, in 2017, in 2018, in the Pacific, in 2018, in the hiring of securities, in 2020, in the ICT industry.
Li Shunqing, Master of Arts from Wuhan University, joined Southwest Securities in 2018, Sinda Securities in 2020, and Semiconductor Industrial Chains. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, and Sinda Securities in 2020.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-approved securities investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.