Permanent Electronics (600570) Computer 23h1 growth robust, new round of equity incentives to build confidence Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
Events: Companies released their semi-annual performance report for 2023, with 23h1 earning 2.83 billion yuan, an increase of 18.5 per cent in the same year; net profit on return to mothers of 450 million yuan, an increase of 540 million yuan in the same year; net profit on return to mothers of 220 million yuan in the same year; net profit on non-return to mothers of 200 million yuan; net profit on non-return to mothers of 190 million yuan in the same year
• There is a steady increase in wealth and capital technology, which is registered with no risk of growing throughout the year. 23h1 companies managed science and technology/finance/operations and institutional science and technology/data services/innovation/enterprises, insurance cores and finance for the first six months of the year.
Wealth technology: uf3.0 account system, asset accounting system, off-site transaction order system, institutional booking system. Investment winner app completes the customer's overall delivery and goes online.
(a) A number of new clients in the trust area: the demonstration project is being steadily advanced in the public funds: in the securities self-owned domain, user approval was obtained for the o45 platforming, modular upgrading path, and several new fast-track transactions and transfers were signed, in which employees proposed to subscribe to no more than 1.32 million shares, or 0.0695 per cent of the company ' s total equity;
Incentives are proposed to grant 1.539 million options, or about 0.81 per cent of the total equity, and this incentive scheme has a large model product released and is expected to be exported to clients by the end of December. On 13 July, seven departments, including the Internet Information Office, jointly distributed the Interim Measures for the Management of Generating Artificial Smart Services, i.a. policies are still clear and end products are available.
The company has published large model-related products, including, inter alia, research on warrenq-chat, the big financial model lightgpt, and the financial intelligence assistant photon based on lighgpt, of which warrenq-chat has been open for in-house measurements, Lightgpt and photon will be opened for trial in September, and it is expected to dock with financial institutions in December.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Given the company’s unique product and technology excellence in securities and financial management, capital market reforms and financial innovations are expected to fully benefit from downstream demand expansion dividends in the future.
Q1 income growth is robust, 2. Helium electronics (600570): Continued brightness of major capital and expected risk: the risk of fair value fluctuations in financial assets, etc.
Permanent Electronics (600570): Bonders' technical input threshold Upgrade, new landmarks strong, constant at the top of the tide (2022-12-03)
Permanent Electronics (600570): q3 is over-intended for profit, and policy-catalyzing trends are positive (2022-10-28) No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.