Company review report  Computer industry withholding non-net profit super-expected growth, large language model Helium Electronics (60570.sh)
R & D at the end of the support product, 18.49% increase in the same year, 50.23% increase in the one-quarter q2 ring; net return profit achieved by Wu Xing Jian
Four hundred and forty-six million yuan, compared to the same period last year - nine hundred and ninety-six million yuan, representing an increase of 1,01 per cent in the ring for the first quarter of the year, and a net profit of 265 million yuan from the non-repatriation of the mother, representing an increase of 142.55 per cent from the same period.
During the reporting period, revenues of 2,827 million yuan were realized, an increase of 18.49 per cent over the same period; mechanisms such as remuneration for the competitiveness of the market, the establishment of a stock-holding scheme and an incentive scheme for equity; and, above all, increases in the remuneration of research and development personnel. We believe that companies are involved in financial science and technology products and services.
The supply sector remains competitive, and the demand for its operations is strongly influenced by developments in the financial science and technology sector and changes in the financial institutions' scientific and technological inputs: in the first half of the year, revenues from industries such as securities and funds are growing, and policies are ensuring that the financial institutions' digital transformation continues, so that the financial institutions' scientific and technological inputs are sustained.
The introduction of Chatgpt and the evolution of aigc technology have combined the financial technology industry with a multi-business landscape that will allow multiple scenarios to be applied to products and services, further open market space and enabler companies to develop their business in the future.
The performance of the branch lines has continued to grow, and the technologically supportive end of the large-language model has continued to grow in research and development.
During the reporting period, there was a positive increase in the number of new businesses, businesses, insurance cores and scientific and technical services of the financial infrastructure, among others, and a positive increase in the number of customers in stock, new customer contracts, product promotion, delivery, etc.
The Division ' s outreach product development based on large-language model technologies, with the Platform ' s science and technology micro-services, has published a large-scale model of the financial industry, Lightgpt, for all types of financial business scenes, for capacity support at the bottom, which provides more professional, model-based training in the treatment of financial language accumulation.
A financial intelligence assistant, Photon, is available to financial practitioners and can be applied to business systems such as investment, customer service, operation, and an intelligent application service achieves "Universal Tool Chain + Financial Plugin Instrument + Financial Data + Financial Business View".
On the other hand, the intelligent development platform, warreno, is an investment-oriented site that can increase efficiency and apply to the entire process landscape; the number of active users increased steadily during the reporting period, with the product ' s business line receipts increasing by 27.80 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The company’s innovation portfolio is primarily directed to financial institutions and is provided by such subsidiaries as Yun-yung, Yong-yun, Yun-chung, and cloud services solutions, including internal and external funds, securities, trusts, futures, etc.
Broker product composition; 82.66 per cent of the business line and 71.93 per cent of the total value of the business line are well above the business lines during the reporting period. The wealth management saas service as an advantage of the company has maintained a steady growth in its products and achieved eight new clients, with a continuous increase in the current renewal rate;
The cloud completed the development of the US equity module and released a solution to the virtual asset-trading function. The same increase of 22.49% during the period covered by the innovation portfolio is expected to increase further user renewals and stabilize the expansion of the new user group.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute, Wu Xinjintmt/Collaborative Research Director.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.