A significant increase in non-net profits, and the release of a consistent financial model, Hensen Electronics (600570/sh), was evaluated in the semi-annual report for 2023.
a Net return to the mother (million shares): $446 million, reversing the loss; net profit to the effect that the deduction is not due to the mother is $265 million, corresponding to the increase in the market value of the circulation (millions):
The revenues from the operation of S & T services were 661 million yuan, an increase of 760 per cent in the same year; from the operation and the institution of S & T services. The revenues from the innovation business were 244 million yuan, an increase of 22.49 per cent in the same year; and from the operation of S & T services in enterprises, insurance cores and financial infrastructure, an increase of 247 million yuan, an increase of 53.22 per cent in the same year.
In the first half of 2023, the full implementation of the stock issue registration system was successfully achieved, with several securities companies issuing semi-annual performance forecasts, improving performance and achieving double-digit growth in operating income and profits; and the size of public funds.
At the same time, this year marks the beginning of the full functioning of the new government, the opening of the financial regulatory system, the beginning of a new architecture for a “one-stop-shop” and the policy front is constantly opening up positive signals. On July 24, the Central Political Bureau meeting called for “an active capital market, a boost”.
Investor Confidence.” The mid-year work of the Chinese CSRC in 2023 proposed “a concerted effort from the investment end, research-Hongsin Electronics (600.570.sh) 2022 finance end, transaction end, etc.” as capital markets developed further.
Financial institutions are expected to increase their scientific and technological inputs.
In the year 2022, the company published a number of smart financial innovations based on large-language modeling techniques. Warrenq is a permanent gathering. Three-quarter review: a steady increase in revenue and a significant increase in profitability.
The launch of a professional integrated investment tool platform for investment-oriented scenarios will enable the development of an investment-oriented investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, investment-oriented, and research-efficient, investment-efficient and eco-development-friendly, financial intelligence assistant.
Mitsuko is an intellectual link between the General Tools Chain+Financial Plugins+Financial Data+Financial Business Fields that can be used as a service to inject the ability of financial institutions to invest in business systems such as customer services, operations, compliance, research, transactions, etc., and to become an assistant to financial practitioners.
A larger model, Lightgpt, with a larger model of more professional financial language accumulation processing and more efficient and stable training, can provide bottom-aid capacity support for all types of financial business scenes.
With the healthy development of China’s capital markets, the financial-it sector has come to a high growth cycle, and companies will grow in the future, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The brain drain risk: market competitive risk: the risk of technological innovation.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.