Computer software development, control fees, equity incentives to show confidence in development, billions of dollars, an increase of 18.49 per cent in the same year, and net profit on return of about $446 million, a loss in the same year.
Accomplishment of net profit of about $265 million, an increase of 142.55 per cent over the same period. Cost rates have decreased year-on-year, and cash flows have improved significantly. Company Māori rate of 23h1 is 71.93 per cent, a decrease of 0.54 pct compared to year-on-year, but Māori rate of q2 quarter has improved year-on-year, compared to 22q2 vs.
Business lines are growing steadily and a new generation of products continues to be promoted. 1) Wealth science and technology services uf3.0 account systems, asset accounting systems, off-site trade order systems, institutional forecasts for the highest/minimum value lines for 12 months.
Q2 Income Growth, the system of open accounts, the location of multiple coupons and futures companies, respectively. (ii) Management of the science and technology service lines.
Revenue growth of 7.60 per cent and slower growth due mainly to slower project completion, new products, financial ai leadership, stock buybacks and outstanding items. 4) Risks and Platform science and technology services/data services/innovation operations/enterprises, insurance cores and
Quest for Development – 2023/06/29. Financial infrastructure science and technology services receipts have increased on a year-on-year basis.
Multiple factors contribute to sustained growth in the future.” hdp, basic data products, Yun Yusaas, paper blending, etc. - 2023/05/03.
Financial innovations and large models have been advancing steadily. On the one hand, the 33 major products of the company have reached 29% coverage and the contracts have increased to 58%. On the other hand, in the first half of the year, there has been a steady advance in the construction of the ISP.
Half-yearly, the “lightgpt” model of a growing financial model and the “photo” of a financial intelligence assistant were quickly launched to provide bottom-aid capacity support for various financial business scenarios. 15.39 million stock options were proposed for the annual equity incentive scheme, with the total number of incentives targeted.
In addition, the company has issued a 2023 Stakeholder Plan, which covers 328 employees.
Investment advice: The company is the leading financial integrator, with q2 revenue growth and control fees significantly supporting the continued release of profits. Recent capital market booms are expected to boost firms’ expectations, new products are not being promoted as expected, and market competition is increasing.
Profit forecasting and financial indicators: Controlling costs is effective, equity incentives are positive for development confidence, control costs are very effective and equity incentives are significant for development confidence
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute purchases of the said securities.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.