Computer software development q2 revenue increases, control fees support the continued release of profits Events: company reports performance forecast for mid-2023, expected to achieve business gain of 2023h1
Surplus; after deduction, the net return to the mother has increased by 251 million yuan, or 130.24 per cent. q2 income growth ring speed. Measuring income in the second quarter of the year was about 19.7 per cent higher than in the second quarter of the year, increasing speed loops by about 3.65 pt. We believe that this has benefited from the benefits of the overall external environment of the industry.
On the one hand, the financial innovation and distribution architecture has been improving, and full registration of the financial institutions’ products in the context of the financial system needs to be upgraded to facilitate certification.
On the other hand, the company’s new generation of products has been expanding.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Full exhibition industry online, new generation trust ta successfully online in three trust companies, total market value/flow (millions)
The uf3.0 futures operating platform, built jointly with the build-in futures, is online, the 12 month maximum/minimum ($) uf3.0 renovations, built jointly with the offerors, have been largely resolved.
Key technical difficulties, with large-scale business validation and system up-linking. Financial ai leads, stock buybacks highlight the profit release period being tested again.
For profit, the net return profit, after deduction, increased by about 87.7 per cent over the same period, with profits growing at a much higher rate than income.
Multi-factors drive future sustained growth. The company's staff has increased by only 37 people, cost growth has slowed considerably, and profit release elasticity has become fully apparent as a new generation of products progresses into the harvest period.
Slowing down, new product promotion and fee control support the future, the big model of the eternal financial sector, Lightgpt, is showing itself for the first time. In addition, the permanent electronics and the permanent cluster of affiliates officially release financial intelligence assistance based on large language model technology.
Wirtschaftsprüfer and a completely upgraded intellectual research platform, warrenq, have achieved a major breakthrough in the financial domain, consolidating its financial ai’s leading edge. Industry has been profitable in the recent past, supporting companies’ future growth:
On 9 June, the Association officially launched the three-year increase in the network of securities companies and information security q2 revenue growth rate, control fees to support the continued release of profits Bonders are actively promoting the development of a new generation of core systems and conducting nuclear tests on the basis of different client groups
The transformation and upgrading of the technology architecture of the heart system to encourage the use of advanced technology such as distributional and cloudy techniques to upgrade the information system, which is expected to speed up the company ' s new generation of distributed products, and the launch of the Investment Advisory Operations Management of the Open Portfolio Investment Fund by the CSRC in June
With the support of financial science and technology, the Fund’s investment in the industry’s sophistication, intelligence, and diversification will be advanced, with a wealth of tools and tools.
The technological instruments will provide a better experience for the Fund’s institutional and investor clients, and the Fund’s investment in business is expected to be entirely new. Investment advice: companies are leading financial integrators, and q2 revenue increases, and fees are controlled.
In the current era of large modeling, companies publish products that strengthen their financial ali q2 income growth at a rate that supports the continued release of profits.
q2's income is growing faster, and the charge supports the continued release of profits.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.