A significant increase in performance, and the release of premium options as incentives to inspire confidence, events: E.H.E. released its 2023 semi-annual report on the evening of August 25, and 2023h1 was collected \triangleright
During the same period of the year, it was -96 million yuan; the non-net profit realized was $265 million, an increase of 142.55 per cent over the same period; the income earned was $1,697 million, an increase of 20 per cent over the same period; the net profit earned in the first quarter was $224 million, the same period last year - $55 million.
The company continues to grow in reverse on the income side; on the other hand, the company's costs, which began in 2022, continue to function, and the “scissors gap” between income and cost continues to show.
660 million yuan, an increase of 11.10 per cent, the uf3.0 account system, the asset accounting system, the off-site trading order system, the institutional booking system, the location of multiple coupons and futures companies, respectively, and the investment winner's application to complete the customer's overall delivery and access; and 2) $660 million in the management of the science and technology service line.
S0105211003, an increase of 7.60 per cent. The investment trading system O45 continues to expand the influence of the industry, with a number of new clients in the areas of bank finance and credit; 3) operating and institutional lines of science and technology services receiving $530 million, an increase.

Comment: The profits have increased significantly during the quarter, the efficiency logic has continued, and the premium options incentive has been reissued to show management confidence.
Realizing the 2023/05/05 & stock options incentive scheme, in which no more than 1.32 million shares are proposed for employee shareholdings, which represents a significant improvement in the quality of the current company's operations to meet the start of the technological innovation cycle
Heungsheng issued the premium options incentive program on August 26, 2022, and the Division reissued the incentive program for the right price collapse in the third quarter of 2022, highlighting the company ' s confidence in business development.
Issuance of a new round of equity incentives to meet the new starting point for capital market reforms The company has the space to revalue and maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.