♪ We've got to go ♪ ♪ We've got to go ♪ ♪ We've got to go ♪ ♪ We've got to go ♪ We've got to go ♪
♪ China reauters bloomberg ♪
Automobiles & components shh 3q17profitinline;top-linerowth
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
13% yoyoyarningsgrovethwithflatmargidespitesg&aexpenseexpansion researchanalyst 3q17 Grossrevenueedupby 12.1% yoytorm35.4bn.therevenuegroveth
I mean, it's not like you're the only one who's got a job, either, because you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy who's the one who's the one who's the guy who's the one who's the guy who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy who's got the one who's got the one who's got the one who got to get to get to talk, owe, owe, owe,
3q17 Gross profitgrew 12.4% yoytormb 4.7bwenth amild 6bpsyoyross profitreresearch only marginexpansions.togetwith 10.3% yoygrothin profitcontrolfromits
Netpropotincreasedby 12.9% yoytorm1.6bn.ona9m17basis, huayu'snet profitofrmb 4.8% yoyandaccoundedform 72% ofourprecious full-yearyear 17yearsforeastsofrimb 6.7bn (73%ofloombergconsensus).
I don't know what you're talking about.
50% stakeinshanghaikotoutoolamjv. otpisbasedon 12xfy18ep/e (from 10.5x, geventhestorre-ratingoverthe)
i-linewithhuayu'smid-cyclep/eof12x.thisjustifiedas expandingoverassalesofinteriortrimsubsidiaryyanengandacquitionof-shanghaicompposite (rebased)
We're going to have to do something about it. We're going to do something about it. We're going to do something about it. We're going to have to do something about it.
Autosalesandunexpedincreinfrawmaticpricees. deutschebankag/hongkong deutschebanksandseekstobustoinscesswithcompaniescoveredintsres/distributedton: 26/10/201714:54:07gmt
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Reuters: 600741.s bloomberg: 600741ch company profile
I don't know what to do, but I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's going to do it.
Trumming, ecclectic parts, function parts, hot-worked parts of the party.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, okay?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
Historicrecommensionsandtargetprice.huayuutotive (600741.s) (asof 10/26/2017)
I don't know what you're talking about, hold rejected deutschebank.
We're going to have to do it again. We're going to do it again. We're going to have to do it again.
11/27/2015 buy, targetpricechangecny 18, 90vincentha, cfa 06/11/2017
We're going to have to do it again. We're going to do it again.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're going to be able to do it.
Quintyratingkey equityratratingdispersionandbankingrelationships present: basedonnacurrent12-monthviewoftoralshare-holder
Return (tr=percentagechangeinshareprircorent pricetoprojecedtargetpriceplus pro-jeceddividendyeld), shell: basedonacurrent12-monthviewoftalshare-hold
I'm sorry, werecommendtainvestorssellstock.hold:wetakeanutralviewstock12-montthsoutand, badthistemehrizon, donottrecommendeotherabuy
Newlymissedresearchrecommendationsandtargetprices suppersededively publicizedresearch.
I don't know what to do with it, but I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
"Deutschebank") ...though theinformationhereisbelievedtobereliableandsbeenobtainedbrompublicsours believedtobereliable, deutschebankmakesnorepreformatsacuracyorcompletences.hyperlinkstothird-partywebsitesinthisreportoredforderconvenionly.deutschebankneotherothersethershecontentnor
Ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschenconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofcustytisdiscussedinthis report, orisincludedortiscuscussedinothercommunition(oralorritten)fromadeutschebankanalyst, deutschebankmay
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it, but we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The frequenyofchangesinmarketconditionsansandinbothgeneraland companypanyspecificconomic prospecetsmakeit difficulttoupdateresearchtechdefinedintervals.updatesalesedhesolediscriptionofthecoverageanalyconcernedorof thereseanchdepartmentmentmentmentandassuchthemajorityofreportsarepublishedairguardintervals.thisreport
I don't know, it's providedforformationforpurposonlyanddoesnottookintoacaccounttheparticularinvesmentofmentobjectives, financial situations, orneedsofindividualcolients.itisnotanofforacitationofanoffertobuyorsellanyfinancialinstruments orparticipateinanyparticulartringstratey.targetpricesareinotherlyimpresociendaprodactoftheanalyst's
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know if you're the one who's been there.
Instrumentationistinacurrencementor'Scurrence, acheenexchangamentsmayadversely affecttheinvestment.pastpermanceisnotcerissariindidicativeboutureresources.unlessotherwiseindicated, préces
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm talking about, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it.
We've got a lot of work to do. We've got a lot of work to do. We've got a lot of work to do.
I'd like to thank you for your help, macroeconomic development softenasormostophostosociated with exposurestoinstrumentsthatpromise topayfixedorvariableinterestrates.foraninvestor whohoislongfixedratestratures (thatreceiving thesecashlows), incorporatedinterestratesnaturallyft thediscountfundfundorsapplied to theextecuted cashflowsandtuscausealos.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(including changesinstalenttypesovenvestors), changesintaxpolicies, currenceconvertivity (whochmayconstraincurencyconversion, repatriationofprofetsand/ortheliquidationofpositions)
Tomacroeconomicshocksmaybemitigationby indexing thecontracted cashflowation, to specied interestrates–thesearecommoniumglingmarkets.itismportanttonotehattheindexingsmayy by consultation - lagormis-measuretheactualmoveintheunderingvariablestheyareintendtedttrack.thechoiceofthe
I.e., couponsindexed to atypicallyshort-dated interestraterferenceindex)reexchedforfixedcoupons.itissoimportanttoacknolleddge thatfindinacurrencertiffersfromthecurrenceinwhochcouponsarenamedalisfrisk.naturally,
It's not like I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it.
Including theirtaxposition, theirregulatoryenvironmentandthetureofthetropotherassetsandliabilities, andassuch, investors shouldtakeexperteglegalandfinciandracidvicevesforesteringintoanytransactionssimilartoorororinpiledby the contentsofthispublication.thesislosinfuturestradatingoptions,forignordommestic,canbesubstantial.asa
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it.
Nomerousmarketfactors, includingworldandnationalconomic, politicalandregulatoryevents, eventsquityand debtmarketsandchangesininterestrates; and (ii)currencesmaybesubjecttovalactionorizationimposed exchangeconstrolswhochcoulldaffect the Valueoftheturrence.investsinsecuriuschasads, WHOvaluesareresa
Affectioned by thecurrenceofanunderingsecurity, emergencyassemmecurrencerisk. unlessoverlaw providesotherwise, alltransactions shouldbeexecuted through thedeutschebankencyintheinvestor's'somejurisdiction.
I don't know, gm.db.com/equitiesunder the "discussionslookup" and "legal" tabs. investorsareslonglyensourcedviewviewthis information information. deutschebankag, itsbranchesandafiliatedcompanies)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Whorecapableofevaluatingvementrisskinsindipendently, bothingenalandwithregardtoparticularizations and investmentstrategies, andwhounderstandthatdeutschebankhasfinaninterestsintheofferofionofofiectsproducts automobiles and components
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's in the middle of it, but you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's the one who's in the middle of it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Asstockbroker.researchchanalysedirection numberisishin0001741.deiplamayhavevevedmedministrativewarnings Fromthesebiforbreachesofindianregulations.japan:approvedand/anistedbydeutschecritiesinc.(dsi).registrynumer-registerasafincial.
Instrumentsdealerbytheheadoftekanantolofintainmentbureau (kinsho)no.117.memberofassociations: jsda, type iifinncialinstrumentsFIrsassociationthefinanfuturesassassociationofjapan.commissionsandrissksinvolved instocktransactions-forstocktransactions, wechargescommmissionsandconsumptionsbymultiprintingthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Productsandservations.productsandservicescarrythesoriskostrosestoprincipal and otherlossasaresultofchangesinmarketketand/oreconomictrends, and/orflacturingsinmarketvalue.before decidingonthepurchaseoffinancianproductsand/orservices, customssould carefulreadshelevantdisclostures,
"Molody's", "standard&poor's", and "fitch"mentiedimenthisportarenot registeredtratingagencesinjapanlesjapanor" nippon"iscipicaldesignativedinthenameoftheity.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.

Singapore: bydeutschebankag, singaporebrandeurdeutsegritiesasacialimited, singaporebranch (oneruffles quay#18-00southtowersingapore048583, +65642380001) whichmaybecondicatedrespectofanymattersarirising from, orinconneactionwith, thisreport.whoheethisportissuissoorpro Mulgaedinsingaporeapersonwhoisnostan
Accrectediteinvestor, expertinentvestorinstitutioninvestor (asdefinedtheaplicablesingaprelawsandregulations), legalresponsiabilitytosuchpersonsforitscontents.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Automobiles & components huayuutumotive construedasarecommitteestotraininginsuchsecurities/instroductions.deutschecuritiesasasialimited, tiipeibranch
qatar: deutschebankagin theqatarfininancióncentre (registeredno.00032)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
kingdomofsaudiarabia: deutschececurisaudialarbialcompany, (registeredno.07073-37)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, dubaifinaservicesauthority.australia: retailclientsssoouldobtaipyofaproductdiscoverstatestatement(pds)reatingtoanyfincialprodactreferredtointhishisreportandconsidertheepdsbeforemakinganydecisionabouthetheothertoacquiretheprodact.ples
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what to do.
Headopacrearch headofamericasresearchresearch
♪ Globallheadofeconomics globalheadofequiresearch anthonyklarman ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Globallheadof headofema headofapac ♪
♪ Globalheadof debtresearch equityresearch ♪
I've got a lot of work to do. I've got a lot of work to do.
I'm not sure if it's true, but it's not true.
I'm sorry, and qisresearch internationalations deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Deutschebankplace filehongkong 2-11-1 nagatacho
60329 frankfurtammamain internationalcommercecentre, sannoparktower
1austinroadwest, kowloon, germany
Longkong japan australia
1 Greatwinchesterstreet londonec2n2eq
♪ uninventingdom ♪