Nationally produced cleaning equipment, blueprints for forming semiconductor equipment platform, Shanghai, United States of America (688082.sh)
• The flagship of national production cleaning equipment, the creation of a platform for globalizing leading equipment, the first-ever coverage of the rating given to the “buy-in” company, the outward expansion of which was led by cleaning equipment, has resulted in a series of six products entitled “Purge + plating + advanced encapsulation + tile tubes + coating + pecvd”, which can cover the manufacturing of the front semiconductor, the backtrack advanced encapsulation,
Silicon-making is an area of application for three types of craft equipment. In 2018-2023, the company collected 47.87% of the cagr, the firm ' s diversity innovation and multi-product matrix were highly recognized in domestic and foreign markets, and the company had ample hand orders to open up the growing ceiling under the golden opportunity of expansion of the crystal mill and substitution of national production. We expect the company to be 2024-2026.
• Cleaning of equipment: Differential technologies cast product barriers, and the share is expected to increase continuously, with the expansion of downstream crystalry mills and technological advances, increasing demand for cleaning equipment and a wide market space. Three technological barriers to cleaning equipment have been built up by the Ministry of Justice, Saps+tebo+tahoe.
At the same time, the company developed and launched two ipa and supercritical co2 drying technologies, which are associated with the tebo cleaning process, to build core competitiveness, and is expected to achieve a rapid target of 55%-60% of the city on the Chinese market.
With respect to stand-up tubes, the company has made rapid progress in research and development and has achieved lpcvd, oxidation, de-fired and ald applications, which are expected to open up new growth points in performance; with regard to plating equipment, the company has a different technology and a full product category, which is one of the few companies worldwide that have a core patent on chip copper interconnection copper plating technology and industrialize it.
i. Advanced encapsulation of wet equipment, post-Moorian law era, demand for advanced encapsulation of the market’s share of the boostable equipment, and the associated equipment chain has a wide market space. • Growth space: marching to the pecvd, projecting the market, accelerating the opening of potential market space
In late 2022, the company rolled out ultrapmaxpecvd equipment and coating equipment respectively, and in 2024, the company expected to have two to three core pecvd clients, and it was expected to start collecting their contributions in 2025, supporting the company ' s future with a synchronized rollout of non-arfitrack, with differentiated product designs generating greater value and benefits on the client side.
1. Corporate profiles: state-of-the-art clean-up equipment, platform for building the leading equipment of globalization 1.1. Development history: clean-up equipment start-up, support the process of national production of semiconductor equipment. Corporate ownership of research and development to accelerate the national production of cleaning equipment, and commitment to becoming a global platform-type semiconductor state-of-the-art equipment.
Since its establishment, the company has maintained a development strategy that differentiates international competition and original innovation and has developed, through autonomous research and development, a front-track semi-conductor process equipment with an international leading or advanced level, including cleaning equipment, semi-conductor electricity.
plating equipment, stand-up tubes series equipment, front-cursing track equipment, pecvd equipment, non-resistance polishing equipment: back-stream advanced encapsulation process equipment and silicon-line manufacturing process equipment, etc., are committed to providing advanced equipment and process solutions for the global integrated circuit industry. In addition, the company has been rated as “China semi-conductor” for many years.
In 2023, the company was identified as a state-level “proficient, small and new giant enterprise.” Cleaning equipment leads the country and has a stable client base. With leading technology and rich product lines, the company has developed into a small number of semiconductor equipment suppliers with a certain international competitiveness on mainland China.
Most of the products have been manufactured through mainstream crystal circle, both within and outside the country, and certified by advanced encapsulating companies. They have become global-renowned semiconductor suppliers, such as Hercules, China Hari International, China Rainbow Group, Yangtze Storage, and have obtained a good market mouth: Figure 1: Cleaning of equipment to build a global semiconductor platform.
1.2. Main business: Platformed architecture corresponds to three broad areas of application of technological equipment. Companies create diversified product lines covering three main areas of application of semiconductor equipment. The company expands outward with cleaning and preparation, and has now developed “Purge + plating + advanced encapsulation + tiles + coating + pecvd”
Six product lines covering three main types of equipment for front-track semi-conductor manufacturing, advanced back-track encapsulation, silicon manufacturing: cleaning equipment (including saps mega-sonic cleaning equipment, tebo-sonic cleaning equipment, tahoe cleaning equipment, monocrystal cleaning equipment, back-cleaning equipment, scrubbering equipment, sink wet method)
Cleaning equipment), semiconductor plating equipment (including double Damascus plating equipment, semiconductor plating equipment for compounds), stereo tube series equipment, plasma-enhanced chemical phase deposition pecvd equipment.
Equipment, humid deglution equipment, state-of-the-art flatening equipment, silicon material liner manufacturing process equipment: chemical machinery grinding (post-cmp) cleaning equipment, single-swap cleaning, figure 2: company platform layout, covering three broad categories of process equipment applications
The Director and Director Wang Jian, both technicians, have long been involved in research and research, and uiwang is a Ph.D. in precision engineering, and the Shanghai City “Pujiang Talent Project”
The recipient, Wang Jian, is a dual master ' s degree in mechanics, computer science, successful in developing non-resilient copper polishing and electrochemical copper plating technology, and has been involved in the patenting of more than 100 patents. Other executives of companies have many years of industrial experience and are in high positions of R & D or management in semiconductor enterprises such as Intel, Hewlett-Packard, Ami, etc.
At the end of 2023, the company and its controlling subsidiaries had 435 major patents granted, of which 173 were domestically authorized, 262 offshore, and 433 were patented.
The company’s equity structure is concentrated, and its founder, uiwang, is the actual owner of the company. As of March 31, 2024, the United States acrr held 82.09% of the shares of the company as holding shareholders.
Accr is a holding company that does not actually do any other business, and conducts semiconductor-specific equipment development, production, and marketing through Shanghai. The founder, Huiwang, holds 54.19% of the voting rights in the United States of America and is Chairman of the Shanghai Board of Directors of the United States.
Figure 3: United States acmr is the controlling shareholder of the company, and the founder, uiwang, is the actual controlling agent of the company (as of 31 March 2024) has expanded transnationally, and the globalization strategy has been steadily implemented. Companies have continued to expand, with eight holding subsidiaries in mainland China, Hong Kong, China, South Korea, and the United States as of 31 December 2023.
California is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company abroad, with its main business in the United States of America, consisting of the development, production and sale of semiconductor-specific equipment, and the procurement of parts and components of semiconductor-specific equipment for the company: The United States of America has formed a purchasing team for raw materials and spare parts for proxy purchases in the United States, and a global business strategy has been fully advanced.
1.5. Financial situation: high performance growth, high volume of hand orders, five consecutive years of high growth in the size of hand orders, and sustained increase in profitability.
Client outreach, new market development, etc., have been successful: new products have been recognized by their clients and orders have been steady due to the growth in the size of corporate collections and differences in product structure during the reporting period, which have led to a decline in the Māori rate. Cleaning equipment accounts for a major share of revenue, with a steady increase in the Māori rate of products broken down.
In 2023, the share of semiconductor cleaning equipment was 67.23 per cent (yoy-5.10 pcts), in 4.12 per cent (yoy-1.45 pcts) and in 24.18 per cent (oy+6.15 pcts) of other semiconductor equipment.
(yoy+7.43 pcts). The company maintains a higher level of profitability for each product through the accumulation of technological advantages from long-term R & D. Figure 7: Other semiconductor equipment M & A increases are significant in 2023
The caliber consists of equipment (plating, titanium tubes, non-responsible brassing, etc.) and the caliber consists of equipment (plating, titanium tubes, non-responsible copper scraping, etc.) of 112 a year, with 39.77% cagr; the sales of advanced encapsulation wet equipment increased from 6 to 28 in 2018.
In 2023, the sales rate for semiconductor cleaning equipment was 71.34 per cent (yoy-11.34 pcts), other semiconductor equipment 88.64 per cent (yoy+10.51 per cent), advanced encapsulation wet equipment 87.50 per cent (yoy-22.50 pcts).
The production and sale of equipment and other semiconductor equipment increased.
Body equipment manufacturer, company Māori rate of 54.61 per cent in 2023, significantly better than the international cleaning facility leader Deans Screen, Tokyo Electronicstel and Panlin lrcz.
The company’s inventory and contractual liabilities are consistently high and there are sufficient orders. With regard to inventory, the firm’s inventory was ordered from 2021, production was organized on client orders, and the company’s contractual liabilities were growing rapidly, indicating that the company had sufficient orders in hand.
On 27 January, the company entered into hand orders totalling $6,796 million (including the amount of contracts concluded and the winning bid not yet signed), 1.6. Upstream and downstream: supply chain management is effective, products are gradually internationalized, the share of the top five suppliers is lower, and the share-cleaning equipment is important for the supplier.
For fragmentation, there is no reliance on a single supplier. From 2018 to 2023, the share of the top five suppliers in the company declined from 32% to 23.77%, with significant results in supply chain management.
With 20% of the equity, neebell is the main supplier of robotic arms in the company's single-distribution system, falling dependence on large customers and widening the client base. In the client structure, the company's clients are covered by a single-line crystal mill in the country, with the center core international, the China Rainbow Group, the Yangtze Storage, the Yangtze Storage, and the Long Island Storage.
In the field of advanced back-end containment, there are long power technologies, access to micro-electrics, and the 2022 report shows the top five clients entering the company. In overseas, the company obtained the first order of Hercules in 2011, from 2018 to 2021h1, and Hercules was the top five clients of the company. On February 25, 2023, the company's announcement was made in Europe.
The first 12-cam saps megasonic cleaning equipment orders from a global semiconductor manufacturer on the continent, the product continues to be at a turning point in the semiconductor industry, and the process of domestication of the equipment is expected to accelerate. 2.1. Market size: semiconductor equipment is over $100 billion worldwide and over 30% in mainland China.
Semiconductor equipment is the cornerstone of the semiconductor industrial chain and is part of the upstream support industry. Semiconductor equipment is located upstream of the semiconductor industrial chain. After purchasing the equipment, the meso-manufacturer uses the crystal circle in a physical form, through a process. The various semiconductor products obtained are widely used in new energy sources, cloud computing, etc.
Traditional and emerging areas such as consumer electronics, auto electronics, material networking, military-industrial defence. Thus, semiconductor equipment is considered a strategic high-value industry and is a key element underpinning the development of the electronics industry. Figure 17: Semiconductor equipment is the cornerstone of the semiconductor chain.
The global semiconductor equipment market is over $100 billion, with China’s continent having been the largest market for the fourth consecutive year in 2023. According to Seaj, global semiconductor equipment sales reached $106 billion in 2023, a recovery from the year it was created in 2022. Global semiconductor equipment sales are expected in 2025, driven by the front and back end markets.
Annual sales amounted to $36.6 billion, or +29.5 per cent, representing 34.4 per cent of global sales, and +8.1 pcts, with the highest market share in the manufacture of crystallized equipment, with cleaning equipment accounting for 6 per cent of its value. According to Semi data, the global semiconductor equipment market in 2023 was distributed according to type, with sales of sealed/tested/crystal manufacturing equipment.
Not to mention $393.2/90.59 billion, or 3.95 per cent/6.26 per cent/89.78 per cent, respectively. According to the 2022 report of Sino-micro Corporation, gartner data show that in the size of the crystal manufacturing equipment market, corrosion equipment, film deposition and light engraved preparation account for about 22/22/17 per cent, respectively, while the value of cleaning equipment accounts for about 6 per cent.
Figure 20: Global semiconductor equipment market splits 2019-2025 ($ billion) Figure 21: Cleaning equipment accounted for 6 per cent of the crystal circle manufacturing equipment market in 2022, industry driven: crystal factory expansion power sufficient, driving semiconductor equipment demand expansion
Demand in the semiconductor sector recovered, with China’s continental crystal circle growing at the highest global rate in 2024-2025. According to Semi, global semiconductor manufacturing capacity is expected to grow by 6 per cent in 2024 as the semiconductor sector warms back to keep pace with the continued growth in chip demand and to grow by 7 per cent in 2025, reaching monthly crystal round capacity.
Farb plants in mainland China continue to invest actively, partly to mitigate the effects of recent export controls. Major manufacturers, including the China Rainbow Group, crystallized integration, kernel, middle core international, and long-scram storage, are investing heavily to improve their capacity.
According to Semi, as a result of a recovery in the memory market and a strong demand for efficient energy operations and automobile applications, the global forward-end facility spent 15 to 97 billion dollars more than in 2024, and the global 12-inch crystal factory equipment expenditure is projected to break out for the first time in 2025.
Driven by a chip’s national production policy, over $30 billion a year will remain in investment over the next four years, the world’s top priority, continuing to lead global spending on crystal-crystal plant equipment. Large-scale three-stage funds are ahead of schedule, and semiconductor equipment is expected to break through.
For billions of dollars, the main focus of investment is on the design, manufacture, encapsulation, testing, etc., the Fund raised $204.2 billion in the second phase, covering a number of areas, including crystal-crystal manufacturing, integrated circuit design tools, chip design, encapsulation testing, packaging, spare parts, materials, and applications. In May 2024, the National Investment Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry.
The three-phased S.A. (known as the “National Large Fund III”) was established, with a registered capital of $344 billion, exceeding the sum of the first and second phases of the National Large Fund. We expect that the main investment directions of the three-phased National Fund will focus on advanced crystal round manufacturing, advanced encapsulation, critical neck equipment, spare parts and ai-related chip development, production, etc.
As the leader of the state-owned cleaning equipment, the United States of America ' s Shanghai is continuing to break through the advanced process, with a platform-based layout of plating, furnaces, and pre-wetting equipment, which is expected to open up opportunities. Table 5: Large Fund Phase I and Phase II to companies and areas
2.3. Competition patterns: Oligopoly of overseas firms, with a strong advantage in the beauty of the platform ' s layout, US-Japan-Hellow firms dominate the global semiconductor equipment market, ranking third in the United States. According to gartner data, the global semiconductor equipment capture market in 2023, with a size of about top5 being foreign firms.
Asmaasml/Applied material amat/panlinlam/tel/colykla/Tokyo Electronic Tel, respectively. The top five semiconductor enterprises received more than $73.5 billion in total, accounting for 71.4 per cent of the global semiconductor equipment market.
Top5 represents a total of 37.444 billion yuan, or +45.95 per cent, in mainland China, for the mainland market. Shen China has a competitive advantage based on a variety of international cleaning and cleaning technologies, as well as plating/cooling and advanced encapsulation and wetting equipment.
At present, Chinese semiconductor equipment manufacturers cover a number of sub-divisions such as etching, deposition, cleaning, encapsulation testing, ion injection, etc.
The process of substituting equipment for domestic production has accelerated. Compared to other domestic producers, the United States has been insisting on a technology-driven and rich product-lined development strategy, expanding the product mix to provide a holistic solution for customers, and has developed into a small number of semiconductor equipment suppliers in mainland China with a certain degree of international competitiveness.
2.4 Disaggregated markets: US$ 16 billion in serviceable markets in Shanghai, US$ 16 billion in the medium- and long-term, and US$ 16 billion in serviceable markets for company products. US$ 16 billion in service markets for semiconductor cleaning equipment, electroplating equipment, advanced encapsulation wet equipment, stand-up stoves, etc.
US$ 4.3 billion, pecvd equipment, and US$ 2.5 billion, track equipment. According to company projections, the size of the global serviceable market is projected to be $16 billion in 2023, and the Chinese serviceable market is projected to be $2.4 billion: in addition, the company’s medium- and long-term annual sales target for the global semiconductor equipment market is exceeded.
Cleaning equipment: Differential technology sets up a product barrier, and the share is expected to increase continuously 3.1. Cleaning process: important process technology upgrades, driving the demand for cleaning equipment. Cleaning is an important process that cuts through the semiconductor industrial chain to ensure follow-up process effectiveness.
Simultaneous silicone manufacture, crystal circle manufacture and sealing test to avoid impurities affecting chips, probabilities and chip product performance. Semiconductor cleaning process means damage-free surfaces of crystal circle to remove particles, natural oxides, metal contamination, organic matter, sacrifice during semiconductor manufacturing.
Process of impurities such as layering, polishing residues to avoid impacting the performance of subsequent processes. Figure 26: Cleaning steps through the production process. Wet cleaning as a mainstream cleaning technology route, which accounts for more than 90% of chip cleaning steps.
Differently, semiconductor cleaning techniques are divided into wet cleaning and dry cleaning processes. Wet cleaning involves the use of specific chemical fluids and deions, clean-up of crystal-crystal surfaces, and the use of assistive techniques such as ultrasound, heating, vacuum, etc.; dry cleaning refers to the non-use of chemistry.
Solution cleaning techniques, mainly plasma cleaning, supercritical gas phase cleaning, beam flow cleaning, are mainly structured crystalline 2-O silicon formations with irregular distribution of gaseous hydrofluoric acid. At present, crystal circle manufacturing is dominated by wet cleaning, accounting for more than 90% of the chips produced, and a small number of specific steps are wet.
Under the wet cleaning process route, the main cleaning equipment currently in the mainstream consists mainly of single cleaning equipment, sink cleaning equipment, combination cleaning equipment and batch rotation spraying.
(b) Elimination of trans-crystal contamination, which is widely used as the main method of cleaning in the crystal-crystal manufacturing chain. Figure 27: Single-form cleaning can solve the problem of cross-circle contamination.
Figure 28: High sink cleaning capacity suitable for mass production Figure 29: High mix cleaning equipment production and accuracy, but high product prices Transmission under crystallized surface humid condition
The advanced process technology nodes continue to move forward, increasing the number of cleaning processes. When the logical integrated circuit manufacturing industry enters the 14nm era, the 3dfinfet structure emerges, and the complexity of multiple patterns increases the step of cleaning; when the dram nodes enter the 1xnm era, a deep and ever-higher trough (sti) emerges.
And the capacitor structure (storageode), which requires more back slanting after immersion steps, and the increasingly complex multi-layered mapping programme, which also leads to multiple clean-up; when the 3dnand stacking layer exceeds 64 or 128 layers, there is a deep-wide ratio to the structural punctured hole, and the cmp cleaning needs when the staircase is shaped.
Upgrade, after the first ladder mask, each follow-on mask needs to flatten the layer through a cmp cleaning before the mask is applied. This provides vast growth space for cleaning equipment. Figure 32: Semiconductor process nodes move forward and crystal circle rates gradually decline.
Figure 31: Semiconductor process nodes advanced, fast increasing cleaning steps Figure 33: 3dfinfet after 14 nm requires an increase in the number of washings Figure 34: 3dnand structure increases cleaning demand
3.2. Market patterns: one-size-fits-all cleaning equipment is over 70%, the national production replacement space is over 70%, and one-size-fits-all equipment is over 70%. According to Gartner, the global semiconductor cleaning facility reached $5 billion in 2023, corresponding to -2.01%, and with semiconductor downstream demand warming,
The Crystal Circle plant maintained high capital expenditure, forecasting a global semiconductor cleaning facility market of $6.5 billion in 2027, corresponding to 6.73 per cent in 2023-2027 cagr. Of this, the share of single cleaning equipment in the total cleaning equipment market is shown in figure 35: capr 6.7 per cent in 2023-2027.
Figure 36: One-size-scale cleaning equipment accounts for more than 70% of the market for cleaning equipment The global market for semiconductor cleaning equipment is highly concentrated, with cr3 accounting for 75%, of which Japanese dns, tel, and American lam account for 37/22/17% respectively. The share of domestic semiconductor cleaning plants remains low, with only the United States accounting for 75%.
Shanghai accounts for 7% of the world's semiconductor cleaning facilities, ranked fifth, and the alternative space for cleaning equipment is still wide. Figure 37: The market for cleaning equipment is highly concentrated, foreign manufacturers monopolize the United States' Shanghai single cleaning equipment, leading the country, and there is still a short-term gap between internationally recognized businesses.
The washing equipment, in domestic comparable companies, allows the company ' s ultracvi to choose saps tebo megasonic technology for cleaning purposes and to maintain a leading position in comparison with the products. According to comparable companies overseas, the Japanese dns division ' s single-disposal cleaning equipmentsu-3400 is still in the lead on optional cavity numbers, crystal-crystal capacity per hour, and process nodes.
According to company report 2023, gartner 2022, the company’s market share in global single-discrete cleaning equipment rose to 7.2%, and domestic cleaning equipment accounted for 23%. Among the top five companies manufacturing semiconductor-specific equipment in mainland China in 2022, companies ranked among them, reflecting the growing recognition of corporate products.
Using an excellent high-temperature sulfuric acid recovery, via the gas field, through the nanojet dispenser through the ipa dispenser.
Purges can be used in an internal micro-environmental average with high density droplets.
The atmosphere in the cavity can be controlled by fully automatic particles and metal contamination, high concentrations of chemicals.
The saps sound waves, homogeneity, and the combination of the technical characteristics are achieved through nitrogen injections and performance improvements.
Dryindryout Clearing System with stable applications, high tebo megasonics, independently developed
The crystal-crystal surface has reached the level of non-drying drying techniques, washing processes, high-performance card clipping chemical mixes.
Second-stream cleaning, a new generation of high-purge effects, particle removal.
Technology in use 3.3. Unique technology: three global innovations in differentiated technologies with over 90 per cent process coverage
The three main barriers to cleaning technology are built up by saps+tebo+tahoe, which cover more than 90% of the process. The Department ' s semiconductor cleaning equipment, which is mainly used in the 12-inch crystalline manufacturing sector, has been largely covered by the front, middle-to-back, including low-pressure drying techniques for the trough-type equipment, and the suitability of semiconductor cleaning equipment.
There is no competition gap between size-based and similar products of international giants. Through differentiated innovation and competition, companies have succeeded in developing the world’s first saps (space switching), tebo (time-sequencing gas cave shock), megasonics and tahoe single-shelter combination cleaning techniques, building their own barriers to cleaning, saps.
Art has been used on a large 1xnmdram production line of an internationally known dram manufacturer, skhynix. As the company constantly upgrades the process coverage and process application of its products, the cleaning process, which can be covered by cleaning equipment, has reached about 90-95%, the most widely available manufacturer worldwide.
Cleaning equipment is constantly being improved and optimized. As the company ' s existing cleaning equipment is well developed and the market continues to open, it is expected that it will soon be able to meet the China market ' s 55-60 per cent market occupancy target. Table 14: Three core technologies, saps+tebo+tahoe, will enhance the company ' s cleaning equipment competitiveness
This applies mainly to flat crystal circle, surfaces and deep widths compared to perforates, which alters the unequal distribution of megasonic energy on the surface of the crystal circle in traditional megasonic techniques.
Infrastructure clean-up. On the dram question, it can also make the boundary layer thickness of the crystald surface very thin, and the liquid can reach international priorities.
There are more than 70 steps of application, and the saps flow mode and the tremors enter into the depths of the hole and form a blending effect.
In logical circuits, the finfet ends, thereby accelerating the exchange of chemical components and increasing the efficiency of cleaning.
Graphical crystal circle cleaning applicable to 28nm and below, converted from 2d to 3d in device structure
The transfer of technology can take place through a series of rapid (with a frequency of one million times per second) pressure changes that allow applications, the manufacture of dram core bubbles to maintain their size and shape oscillation at controlled temperatures, and the stabilization of bubbles to international leader water, tebo
The film can be used in a state of as much as 70 concussions without implosion, thus keeping the crystal-crystal microstructure from being destroyed and one step from the crystal; it can be cleaned without damage to the graphic structure of the finfet round.
There are more than 10 washings in the process, and two modules have been incorporated into the individual wet cleaning equipment: a sink module and a single piece module.
The system also provides the ipa drying function required for the graphic crystal circle. The cleaning effect and the front and back of the production line reach the international lead water.
Process appliance can be comparable to a single piece of cleaning equipment and compared to a single piece of cleaning equipment, tahoe art, especially for high temperature sulphur
It can also significantly reduce the amount of sulphuric acid used and help clients reduce production costs and better the acid process is consistent with energy-efficient and environmentally friendly policies.
New ultracritical co2 and ipa drying techniques are developed to enhance product process performance. The company competes with the problems of the glue that the drying process after wet cleaning creates in small-scale graphic structures, and has developed two new drying techniques, ipa and supercritical co2 drying techniques that are compatible with the tebo cleaning process.
Supercritical co2 drying technology: refers to the process of removing the liquid from the crystal circle using a supercritical fluid (liquid co2). Background: The presence of surface tension of the gas during the normal drying process makes the materials of the hole structure easily collapsing during the drying process, without high-performance products. Rationale; through pressure and temperature control, making the material vulnerable to collapse and without high-performance products.
Solvents reach their own critical point during drying, forming a supercritical fluid that is in a supercritical state and has no apparent surface tension so that gel can remain intact in the bone structure during drying. Strength: Supercritical co2 drying techniques save more than 40% of the CO2 raw material for solution and can be used in a 12-inch crystal circle.
The process of cleaning and drying up structures with a depth-wide ratio of the dram or advanced-programlogic production line. ipa drying technology: uses low surface tension and volatilistic properties of ipa (isopropanol) to replace water with higher surface tension on the surface of silicon, and then drys it with heat n2, for the purpose of completely drying silicon membranes.
Rationale: In the environment in which the ipa vapour exists, since pa has a much smaller surface tension than water, it creates a surface tension gradient in the slope water surface, making it easier for water to escape from the surface of the chip. Advantages: this drying process is more common than centrifugal drying, vacuum drying, pure heat n2 drying is reducing the introduction of metal and particulate contamination and
Great advantages in dry speed. Figure 38: Critical Co2 cleaning is easier to overcome the problem of chemical fluid bonding. Figure 39: ipa drying technology to avoid crystalline damage caused by mechanical forces
Cleaning agents Solvents Storage containers
Process cavity (temperature) separators
3.4. Business progress: The steady growth of cleaning operations, continued global customer import, shows a declining trend, owing to the semiconductor industry landscape and the development strategy of diversified product structure of companies, as well as a significant increase in the collection of other semiconductor equipment (e.g., plating, stand-up tubes, non-responsible copper removal, etc.).
The market for semiconductor equipment and the company’s competitive edge and the company’s ability to expand over the years have increased significantly in 2018-2023, and the unit price of the product has remained at $19-25 million. The company’s cleaning equipment customers consist mainly of China.
In 2023, the company reported that in 2023, it acquired a single saps soundwashing device from a global semiconductor manufacturer in Europe.
Purchase orders were delivered to clients at the end of the third quarter, and global customers are being imported on a continuous basis. In addition, companies are now focusing on a number of customers in the United States, and differential cleaning equipment is also favoured by United States clients.
Chemical products matrix 4.1. Advanced encapsulating wet equipment: Advanced sealing needs are raised, market space is wide, advanced seals are part of the back of chip manufacture and are key players in supporting, protecting and connecting.
Encapsulation means the introduction of the electrical lead foot on a crystal circle to an external interface to facilitate connection with other devices. Advanced encapsulation refers to the then more advanced form and technology of encapsulation, which is currently considered to be advanced encapsulation with a reverse chip (fc) structure, crystal circle encapsulation (wlp), 2.5d encapsulation, 3d encapsulation and fan coating, etc.
Advanced encapsulations include support for chips and mechanical protection, telecommunications interconnection and extraction, power distribution and heat management. Advanced encapsulation of wet equipment is fully configured and is expected to open overseas markets.
Advanced cover wet equipment products include wet etching equipment, wet glue equipment, metal removal equipment, polymer cleaning equipment, tsv cleaning equipment, key-coated glue cleaning equipment and wet-cleaning equipment with iron ring crystal circle, etc., with comprehensive advanced cover wet equipment layouts.
At present, the company is working mainly with international customers on advanced containment, and will increase its research and development investment in advanced containment equipment in the future, working to open up global markets in Taiwan, China, and the United States, Europe, and South Korea.
In the post-Mooric era, advanced envelopes are worth billions of dollars, yoy + 9.07%. In the future, rapid developments in applications such as auto electronics, artificial intelligence, data centres, etc., have reached 7.1% annually, cagr, high-end consumer electronics, artificial intelligence, data centres, etc.
Reliance on advanced encapsulation processes has led to a steady increase in the proportion of the world’s total seal market. Of this total, the world’s top seal market was $44.3 billion in 2022, or 46.6 per cent of the total seal market; yole is expected to grow to $78.6 billion in 2028, or 54.8 per cent, or 10 per cent of the 2022-2028 capar.
In 2018-2023, the company’s demand for advanced packaging grew, and there will be a greater room for raising domestic orders for the company’s advanced packaged equipment products.
Advanced sealing of new customers continues to expand, with bulk orders obtained by the end of 2023. In 2023, the company generated $160 million, equal to the same amount of business income, corresponding to 28 sales of advanced encapsulation of wet equipment, differentiated development in the same area of encapsulation, breakthroughs in high-speed plating of tin and silver in 2022, and success on the client side.
At the end of 2023, advanced encapsulating equipment was ordered in bulk, while the company obtained further advanced domestic head sealing of customer orders, while the company developed a large number of orders for the negative pressure cleaning equipment for the Chiplet welding, developed other metal alloy plating processes in new customers, and carried out an inspection and inspection, according to 12 March 2024.
The company ' s record of investor relations activities, with the company ' s advanced containment equipment receiving bulk orders at the end of 2023, will contribute revenue in 2024 as the order is progressively delivered. 4.2. Placing equipment: two-way layouts in the front/back-track area, plating technology has reached internationally advanced levels.
The electroplating process is applied in the manufacture of crystal circle and in the back. Semiconductor plating refers to the plating of the metal ion in the plating fluid into the crystalline surface during the manufacture of chip. As the chip manufacturing process is upgraded, the interconnectivity in the chip begins to shift from traditional aluminium materials to copper materials, and the semiconductor plating equipment is widely used.
At the same time, as the crystal-crystal containment process develops, metalization is required in the three-dimensional silicon perforation process, the heavy fabric line, and the contour process, which uses the plating process for the deposition of metals such as metal copper, nickel, tin, silver, gold.
The main clients are enterprises and research institutes such as long-electric technology, long-electric integration, the China Rainbow Group and the China Academy of Sciences Shenzhen Advanced Technology Institute.
The company is one of the few public plating equipment technologies around the world with core patents on and industrialization of chip copper interconnection and plating technologies that are internationally advanced, with two-way layouts in the field of front and back. In the front, the company has developed, on its own, a chip manufacturing technology for copper plating (ultra) for 20-14nm and more advanced technology nodes.
ecpmap), using a new current control method for multi-oppolar local plating techniques to achieve a rapid switch of milliseconds between the various anodes; in the rear-track area, companies have developed differentially for advanced encapsulation processes, resolving the challenge of achieving smooth plating under larger plating fluid flows, using a unique second arctic control technology that allows for process
Improved membrane thickness control at the formula level at the crystal-circle level or in the gap area, improved overall plating collection for the sealing chain, and a steady increase in equipment sales. 2018-2021h1, company semiconductor plating camp Division no longer discloses separately the sale of plating equipment
plating equipment orders are entering the start-up phase and are expected to be a core growth point for the company. According to company announcements, the ultraecpgiii new compound semiconductor plating equipment was produced in 2022 at the client level, and the 3D stacking equipment was produced on the client end in 2023 and continued to obtain bulk duplicate orders.
Start-up, acquisition of multiple customer plating tsv repeat orders, expected to remain high 4.3, piped equipment: drying equipment is moving fast and successfully imported into the country ' s multiple customers TB equipment is one of the key process equipment in the manufacture of ic, and is semiconductor forwards.
The furnaces can be treated in a batch with crystal circle, which can be divided by process pressure and application into two types: the constant furnaces, which are mainly completed with heat diffusion mixing, thin membrane oxidation, high temperature decomposition, and the low-pressure furnaces, which mainly achieve different types of thin membranes on the crystalic surface sediment processes, mainly multi-crystal silicon, nitrous silicon, silicon oxide and other thin membranes.
In 2018, the Department began the development of dry-work equipment and officially launched a platform in 2020.
On 8 September of that year, the company announced the completion of the expansion of the functionality of the 300multrafon dry process platform and the development of a new type of ultrafofna furnace equipment whose thermal atom layer deposition (ald) function enriched the application of the company's stand-out furnace series and which is progressing rapidly.
The company's new thermal ald equipment can sink silicon silicon and silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
It is expected to increase to 17-18 clients in 2024, and it is expected that they will contribute to the harvest and gradually open up the space for growth. 5. Growing space: march into the pecvd, project the market and accelerate the opening of potential city spaces
5.1, pecvd: The area of thin film deposition is widely used to create new spaces for growth Pecvd equipment is most widely used in the thin film deposition process. The main function of pecvd is to use radio frequency electromagnetic waves as energy sources to form low-temperature plasma above silicon and to penetrate it.
Appropriate chemical gases, activated by plasma, form solid film on the surface of silicon with a series of chemical reactions. Compared to traditional cvd devices, pecvd devices form high density, high performance film, do not damage existing film and formed bottom circuits, and achieve faster film deposition speed, yes
At the end of the year, the company first introduced a plasma-enhanced chemical phase deposition ultrapmaxpecvd device to support logic and storage chip manufacturing.
Less particle properties. Options for configuration: use of a single cavity modular design, (1) configuration of one to three cavity modules, suitable for extreme membrane or fast process steps: (2) configuration of four to five cavity modules, supported by thick membrane deposition and longer process time, while optimizing capacity. Coverage: applicable to 12 inches of crystal crystallized film depositions
According to the company ' s 2023 report, Shenhua Shanghai is about to deliver its first plasma-enhanced chemical phase deposition ultrapmaxpecvd equipment to an integrated circuit customer in China, with an expected core client of 2-3 in 2024. By 2025, pecvd equipment is expected to begin to contribute in a volume amount, joining the sales team to support the company ' s future.
Table 20: ultrapmax applies to all film deposition requirements of 12 inches crystal round,1 with a single cavity modular design, providing two configurations; 2, configuration of cavity design with autonomous intellectual property rights and single cavity
Multi-heat plate layout, providing better film homogeneity, better film stress and less particleic properties: ultrapmax
All kinds of membrane 3 inch crystal circle, uniquely designed vacuum mechanical arm matching cavity heat, pecvd
Process temperature-compatible to 200c to 650c for various pecvd sediment membrane requirements 5.2, glue-recording equipment: delivery of the first set of arf with differential advantages
The coating camera is complex and technically difficult. The coating device has five features: (1) is connected to the optical machine. The front coating camera is the only major process that needs to work online with the optical machine during the crystal circle manufacturing process. Its process indicators and the stability of continuous operations directly affect the normal working of the optical carving machine and the quality of the crystal graphics.
This affects the chip rate: (2) the hardware structure is complex. There are a large number of functional units involved in the interior, which exceed the vast majority of front-track equipment. Due to the large number of cavities, there are high requirements for multi-combination hardware consistency and process consistency, and very stringent requirements for the fine-tuning and assembly of zero components: (3) there is a need to ensure high productivity, accuracy and stability at the same time.
There is a need to coordinate client-to-client photoclimbing with certification: (5) multidisciplinary high-level integration. Front lanetrack covers not only mechanical movement, system movement and control, but also warm humidity and internal environmental control, chemical reaction and chemical control.
It is a multidisciplinary, highly integrated, modern high-tech equipment that imposes a very high level of demand for process, technology, and data accumulation for producers.
The company ' s ultralith equipment is a 12-inch crystal-crystal process equipment that provides evenly reduced air currents, high-speed and stable manual processing, and powerful software systems that meet the specific needs of customers.
The company plans to roll out the arf project equipment by the end of 2024. According to the company ' s investor activity log dated 10 May 2024, the arf project is currently expected to complete the first process results by June 2024, with a replacement product or to be launched by the end of 2024, with a higher-capacity architecture designed for the krf process, with backs.
Face-washing technology. The impregnated arfi process will also be rolled out simultaneously, and future differentiated products will be designed to produce greater value and benefit on the client side. 5.3. Equity incentives: stimulating growth, building patent mounds
The cumulative value of the income growth rate (referenced to the annual release by gartner of global semiconductor equipment sales at the top five rates of growth) and the number of annual patent applications evaluated, with a weight of 80% and 20% respectively. On the one hand, the growth of corporate confidence was highlighted, and on the other hand, the technological team’s R & D drive continued to rise.
• Use of funds to raise funds to invest in “Son America semiconductor equipment development and manufacturing centres” and “Son America semiconductor high-end semiconductor facilities
By the end of 2023, the company's ipo fund-raising share had exceeded 70%.
In 2024, the company will continue to strengthen its fund-raising project management to facilitate the development of the company’s main business, achieve the expected benefits of the fund-raising project, and increase overall profitability.
As of June 2024, the China-China semiconductor equipment R & D and manufacturing centre project: the original plan to raise 700 million yuan from ipo has been fully invested, and the company has increased its investment in this project by 500 million yuan from over-financing. By June 2024, it was ready for use. According to the company ' s offer, the Shanghai R & D centre will be building a production plant.
Two rooms, one auxiliary and two R & D buildings, with more than 600 planned production capacity in the year after the project was completed; and a project for the development of high-end semiconductor equipment for the United States semiconductor: further development, upgrading and innovation of the company's existing or future major products and core technologies, with inputs completed by the end of 2023.
High-end semiconductor equipment extension research and development project: by the end of 2023, the project had reached 76.09 per cent. The project was to acquire research and development equipment after the renovation of the office building, and to develop products, including dry equipment extension products and supercritical co2 dry-cleaning equipment related to front-end manufacturing equipment. The company will continue to do so in 2024.
The project was launched in February 2023, with a shorter period of time, and because of local policy in Korea, the company has not yet joined the local silver bank.
To ensure that the project is advanced, the company has invested in the project through its own funds and local bank loans. In 2024, the company will accelerate the collection of funds.
6. Profit forecasting and investment proposals (1) Semiconductor cleaning equipment: the company has three core technology saps+tebo+tahoe cleaning equipment that will increase the client-to-client ratio, and the new technologies under development, ipa and supercritical co2 drying technology will be further developed
The company's leading position in cleaning equipment, which we expect will continue to be rapidly released over the next three years, (2) advanced encapsulating wet equipment: the company is fully configured in terms of advanced encapsulation equipment, and as advanced seals take on an increasing share of the entire encapsulation market, the company is advanced with a full product class and a one-stop market advantage.
(3) Other equipment: mainly semiconductor tubes, plating, and other front-track equipment. Of which, the tubes, ald, have been successfully certified by the client, the company will receive more new and repeated orders; copper-plating units will continue the product growth trend and move into fast-growing pathways; followed by new pecvd and coating equipment
The completion of the customer import certification will provide a new increase in performance; other semiconductor equipment operations are expected to grow rapidly, assuming 40 per cent, 45 per cent and 40 per cent of the revenue increase in 2024-2026, respectively, and the Māori rate remains stable at 60 per cent (4) for other operations: mainly the sale of spare parts and after-sale services, with the sale of company platform-type products
The company, as a leading domestic cleaning facility enterprise, is working on the platforming of advanced semiconductor equipment and is now in the shape of a six-product series entitled “Purge + plating + advanced encapsulation + tiles + coating + pecvd”, which covers three main types of process equipment applications in the country: front course semiconductor manufacturing, back channel advanced encapsulation, and silicone manufacturing.
The annual net profit is 10.71/15.69/20.67 billion yuan and eps2.46/3.60/4.74 yuan. We have selected four equipment companies that are the same as the company in the semiconductor equipment track as comparable companies, including the North China Corporation (the domestic semiconductor equipment level), China Micro Corporation (ccp etching dragons), Tanaka Technology (the thin film deposition, the mix of keys), Hua Haiqing
By the end of 2024.07.08, the average value of the four comparable companies, 2024-2026, was estimated that companies insisted on differentiated innovation and a multi-product matrix that was highly recognized by domestic and foreign markets, and that, under the opportunities of expansion of crystal mills and substitution of gold from national production, the company had sufficient hand orders to open up the growing ceiling to cover for the first time "buy"
Table 25: Sumi-Shanghai is the leader of domestic cleaning equipment, valued at less than the comparable corporate average (take-over as of 2024/07/08). Crystal mill expansion is less than expected: the demand for semiconductor equipment is closely related to the pace of production expansion of the downstream crystalwork plant. Downstream demand in the semiconductor industry is still relatively low, and if the recovery pace is slower, it will be less than expected, half of it will be expanded.
There will also be an increased competition in the cleaning of equipment industry: more domestic firms are now entering the cleaning of equipment track. If competition increases in the future, companies will face double competition between international giants and home-grown new entrants.
Technology research and development is not as difficult as expected: new technologies for semiconductor equipment are more difficult, there is a longer validation cycle and there is some uncertainty. Companies are currently making technological breakthroughs in their multi-equipment products, if the company’s platform is not well advanced.
It is expected that the sales earnings and profitability levels of the company ' s new business will be affected.