Subsistence technology (600183) depth reports that Yuzhmorgeologiya's high-frequency copper plate was launched at the end of the year in response to the 5g construction wave and strongly recommended (maintenance)
Liu Xu Feng (research assistant) is a technology-based in-house-funded copper-plate leader with a comparative advantage in achieving the best combination of strengths. The company relies on the Research Centre for Engineering Research on Electronic Circuit Foundations, which for several years has been working on research and development of electronic circuit-based materials.
Over a thousand people, the most well-defined copper-plate manufacturer in the country, have a strong R & D presence that makes it a rare national pioneer in a constant break-through of foreign technology monopolies. Moreover, we believe that the KP, with its comparative advantage, has the strongest combined strength, compared to smaller firms, in terms of corporate capacity.
Modelling meets the needs of large clients; contrasts with the vanguard, the advantages of a company are small batches of production lines, flexibility and rapid delivery; and the firm ' s product lines are more complete, providing multiple growth points for the Māori rate, compared to the best performing firms in the area of breakdown.
Upstream price increases drive up the price of the overcoat plate, which is long-lasting and will continue to compete for higher value-added products. In 2017, the price of electrolysis bronze rose by an average of 10-20%, while the price of resin rose by a larger 50%. We analysed the reasons for the upswing of the upstream copper, fibre optics, and epoxy resins, and found that, in addition to suffering, the price increase was higher.
Beyond the support of commodity prices, such as copper and crude oil, environmental surveillance has led to the phasing out of backward production, and the country’s long-standing excess of low-end raw materials has improved. But it is expected that prices will return to rationality with the release of new production capacity and regulation of the market.
By May, 60 pcb enterprises had investment expansion plans, and the pcb industry in China projected an average annual compound growth rate of around 4.2% between 2017 and 2022, well above the global rate. The public sector will benefit fully from the downstream industry, with a strategic goal of producing 100 million m2 of copper per year.
As high-end pcb gradually dominates the future market, a small number of manufacturers, like companies, with a special base plate production technique will benefit the first to build a home-grown replacement card and complete the industrial structure. The high-frequency high-speed board will be put into production in the near future and will benefit fully from the construction of 5g. The 5g base station will be built at tens of thousands of levels.
No, pcb for single-base stations will increase in size and stratum by increasing frequency. The market for base station antennas is conservatively estimated to be $52.3 billion, while high-frequency materials will increase their value in the antenna. Special materials for South Commons are expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of this year, and antenna products are important through China, Kemp, etc.
Client certification. High-frequency products are priced roughly two to three times as much as ordinary products, and the company's Māori ratio will be reported in depth by the technology (600183).
1.1 The world’s second and most in-house copper-plating professional producers are listed on the market every year. The company combines research, development, production, marketing, and services, mainly producing a series of semi-stabilized tablets for the production of single, double and multilayered circuit boards, extensive use in mobile phones, automobiles, communications equipment, computers and a variety of high-end electronics.
It has been certified by internationally recognized companies such as China, China, China, Nokia, Bo, Sony, Samsung, Philips, and many other countries and regions, such as the Americas, Europe, Korea, Japan, and South-East Asia. The company was listed earlier, with a long history of state holdings for policy reasons, with 15.81% of the country’s macro investment holdings, and Guangdong Province.
In 2016, General Manager Chen In-hee took up his post as Director of the Office of the Company Production General, Director General, Director of Technology, Director of Production, etc.
A wealth of first-line production experience provides insight into the management of corporate costs and personnel. In addition to the company’s three coatings production bases in Suzhou, Shaanxi, and Jiangxi, the subsidiary produced pcb electronically, and the special production materials subsidiary in Nanton completed its work in December 2017, focusing on the production of high-frequency communication panels.
In the city, 33.34% of the stock is now in stock, and in the Hunan Vanjongco main technology camp, environmental equipment is financed by income capital, and the East Pilgrim Everley Electronic Materials Ltd. has claimed that the copper sheet is the backbone of the electronics industry and is in the entire pcb chain. The copper sheet is a plate made of copper and heat-pressureed material that immerses the electronic fabric or other enhanced material in resin glue, made from drying, cutting, folding, synthesizing material, one or both of which is made out of copper.
To be used in the production of printed circuit boards (pcb), pcb is connected, insulated and supported. The industrial chain is predominantly upstream of raw materials such as bovine fabrics, copper, epoxy resins, and downstream industries are printed circuit boards, with the end industry being communications, computers, appliances, cars, aerospace, etc.
Mechanical rigidity can be divided into rigid and scratchy coatings; enhanced material can be divided into glass-based sheeting, paper-based coatings, and composite base coatings; and some features of the sheet can be divided into high tg (tg/170°C), high-mediatic power panels, high cti (cti-2600v), environmentally sound coatings (halogen-free, antimony-free), ultraviolet shaded coatings.
After three decades of development, the company has developed a series of products of nearly 100 varieties, the most complete product variety in the country. Copperboard manufacturers, the regular fr-4 series, the non-halogenated, non-lead fr-4 series, the motor plate series, the high-speed plate series, the radio frequency microwave system column, the ic base plate system, the high-conducting thermal metal base plate series, cem-1, cem-3, the soft plate series, etc.
1.2 The advantages of operating are evident in the higher prices of raw materials, higher profits, higher prices of raw materials, higher profits, higher profits, and higher profits in 2017. The size of the company’s revenues grew steadily, accounting for 83.2 per cent of the total, and the production of circuit boards grew rapidly after they were able to climb, with revenues of $1,673 million and gross profits amounted to 24.49 per cent last year.
The company ' s annual production capacity exceeds 80,000 square metres, the share of the global market is 14 per cent, and the production capacity of the rigid plate is saturated. In 2017, the company ' s production of 8.182 million square metres and total production of 59.84 million square metres in the copper sheet industry, with a market share of about 13.85 per cent. The production capacity of the rigid plate has been saturated, while the production capacity of the scaffolding plate has not yet reached the level of production, with a capacity utilization rate of 57.12 per cent.
A comparison of the Māori ratio of the copper-plate manufacturer, the high concentration of the copper-plate industry, the higher prices of the raw materials that benefited upstream, and the small increase in the Māori ratio of the industry ' s large-client strategy. The world ' s top 10 producers accounted for 74% of the market. According to ccla, the entire industry received sales in 2017, driven by higher prices for raw materials.
With a large increase of 30.3% to about 59.3 billion yuan, the Māori rate has grown by nearly 30% as a result of the industry-wide layout and transferability of costs. Companies tend to maintain their clients in a neutral pricing strategy, with a moderate increase in product prices, and a slight increase in the Māori rate last year.
The company ' s inventory turnover is better than that of the industry. During the product delivery period, the company ' s product delivery period is three to five days after the contract was signed, days, 90 days, settlement is in cash and bank notes, of which the bank has three to six months on the bill, and weeks of accounts receivable in 2017 have 113.31 days. The purchase of payment terms is relatively long, effectively reducing the company ' s operating financial pressure.
1.3 The company is now the world's largest producer of fr-4 (fire-retarded epoxy glass coated copper), but with end demand.
The development of the markets and pcb, and the growing demand for downstream products, has resulted in large high-density interconnectivity markets. Firms clearly recognize the need to continuously improve their R & D capabilities, restructure their products, diversify their product lines and increase their share of higher value-added products in order to keep pace with the need to upgrade their communications technology and enhance their profitability.
In its early years of existence, the company was convinced that technology was the only way to build up its own research and development capabilities. By 2017, the company had a total of 1,088 R & D staff, representing 12.39% of the total number of companies, and $469 million in R & D investment, accounting for 4.36% of operating income. The core R & D team had considerable expertise and technical experience and was active in producing research and development.
The National Centre for Engineering and Technology Research on Electronic Circuit Foundations, established by the Ito Corporation, is currently the only national engineering and technology research centre in China's electronic circuits industry. Its aim is to address key, basic and common technological challenges in the development of the entire electronic circuit base industry and related industries up and down, by means of autonomous research and development, a combination of production and research, and the introduction of absorption.
To promote the transfer of scientific and technological results to producing enterprises and radiation, the National Centre for Research on Engineering and Technology in Electronic Circuits (CNEM) studies the performance of base-lined materials with high densities of pcb downstream, diversification of functions, high frequency, modularization, low-cost development.
With high demand, global copper-plating products have also evolved in the past two years into diversified compartmentalized areas, and research has been developing precision-to-market demand. In 2017, research and development projects in the industry have focused on medium- and high-end products such as high frequency, high-speed, high-conducting heatccl, high-performance ccl, high-performance panel-loading panels and materials.
High-end, high-reliability products such as high-speed, 5g communications, auto electronics, military electronics, strategic alliances with high-end customers and upstream raw material enterprises to upgrade the product structure. Corporations lead national production technology research and development, with company patents for epoxy-based materials declared first in the industry for 2011-2016.
The Division currently owns 770 patent technologies and 394 patent technologies that are being applied, with the country’s leading production technologies, such as the fragmentation of fillings, the leaching of resins for bovine filtration, the homogeneity control of sticky resins, the production of thin glues, the regulation of rto, the plate thickness control technology. We found patent statistics from academic papers on patent applications for epoxy-based materials since the 1970’s, and are currently represented by them.
Japan has the largest number of patent applications for epoxy-based materials for copper panels, and Japan has been mastering core technology in the area of epoxy. Three of these companies, Hizaki, and Matsuki, account for 34.4 per cent of global applications, and in recent years, the company, as the only domestic enterprise, has jumped to the top of the patent, accounting for 7 per cent of global applications, although a smaller proportion than Japanese firms, the technology gap with Japan is narrowing.
The research and development inputs of the company since 2017 have been used mainly for server base material, motor electronics, high-speed base material, high-frequency base material, high-density.
Research on foundation materials such as interconnectivity, high cti base material, development and production of the thermal transfer rate of 3.0 w/m k aluminium base plate, development of high tg, low xy-cte environmentally sound base material for the ic sealing board, development of high-performance environmentally sound base material for consumer smart electronic products and development of mini-high-precision-carbing circuit boards.
Research and development results are frequent, with three series of bright spots. HF-specific base material: at the 2018 industry cpca fair, non-ptfe-type high-frequency cover copper boards aerobond 300 and 350 were shown for the first time, meeting excellent pim indicators, which could be applied in areas such as high-frequency wireless communication, base station antennas, das, power amplifiers.
Automotive electronic series products: After the release of the Autolad1 series of products, autolad3, autolad3g, of which autolad1g and autolad3g are non-halogenated products, are being developed for the forthcoming autolad5 and autolad5g. High-fat, high-heat-resistant base materials are available in 2017 in bulk: medium- and low-depletion, very low-depletion, very low-depletion, very low-depletion, etc.
Synamic6n of the synamic product series can be used for high-speed transmission equipment, radio frequency microwave lines, etc., and synamic8 has a medium loss constant of 3.1~3.4 and 10ghz at 0.0015~00025 for the 56ghz ultra-high-speed transmission equipment, radio frequency microwave line 2. The benefit pcb industrial chain has moved eastward, with a steady increase in the capacity of the company.
2.1 Downstream: Beneficiary pcb industry is shifting to the mainland, in-house copper bankers are catching up with the company's capital, and the company's capital pcb has reached its peak, with the industry as a whole showing a shift to the continent. Prior to 2000, 70% of global pcb production was in Europe, the Americas (mainly North America) and Japan, and the world's major pcb manufacturers are now operating plants on the continent.
Point: First, China’s human cost or comparative advantage; second, the continent’s electronic information terminal market, which is much higher than in other regions, is much closer to production; third, the Western countries’ environmental policy is tightening, with relatively high-emission pcb industries being forced to move. From the global pcb-100 sector, Japan and Taiwan have experienced a decline in their share, with the number of companies benefiting from the continent’s 100-Power booming to about 30% in 2015.
Since then, China has become the world’s largest producer of pcb, with global pcb capacity continuing to shift to mainland China, where the pcb sector is growing faster than the global pcb sector. According to Prismark, the global pcb industry is projected to remain relatively robust by 2.8% in 2018, the intra-continental capital pcb sector is on the rise, and middle- and high-end production capacity, such as high multi-layer, fpc, hdi, hdi, etc., is further concentrated on the continent.
Between January and May of the year, dozens of enterprises had investment expansion plans, including not only deep south circuits, Oscon, Seung-soon technology, and Xinyang, but also listed enterprises, as well as non-listed private enterprises, with more than 1 billion investments. Moreover, we found that in 2016, the value of domestic firms was also concentrated in low-end products such as single- and double-faced, multi-layered and other low-end products.
High-end pcb products such as hdiboards, icboards, scratchboards, and scratching boards have begun to dominate the entire pcb market. Prismark predicts that the global output of fpc will grow at an average annual rate of 3% in 2016-2022, and that the production of hdiboards will grow at an average annual rate of 2.8%.
China’s mainland is concentrated. The main domestic pcb-listed enterprises have achieved global leadership in low- and medium-end products, and there is an urgent need to optimize the product structure and join forces with downstream pcb firms to achieve the industrial chain.
Upgraded. The copper board market has been transferred as a synchronous benefit industry upstream of pcb. China’s mainland has now accounted for 65% of the world’s total. But high-end special materials products remain monopolized by Euro-American, Japanese, and Taiwan firms, with traditional fr-4 series, cem-1, cem-3 products with more mature technology, more competitive markets, a relatively low Māori ratio of products, and domestic firms already leading the way.
In the field of technology, there is still a gap between domestic firms and foreign capital, such as Rogers, Matsumoto, Yalong, and Taconli. From the analysis of imports and exports of copper plates over the years, the export unit price of the continental plate is well below the import unit price, keeping our international trade in copper sheetes in deficit and showing that the continental product product balance is dominated by low end. In 2017, our exports were 108,000 tons, with $596 million in exports, while imports were 854 million tons, up to a high import value.
One hundred and ninety-eight million dollars per ton of imports are more than twice the export unit price. In the context of the continued roll-out of high-end ccl in the mainland, domestic pcb manufacturers are more willing to purchase domestic copper-cracker products of the same quality in terms of cost, giving a strong impetus to the expansion of the size of national copper-cover products and to the cooperation of the entire industrial chain, which is expected to complete the upgrading of the industrial structure.
The price situation for imports and exports of copper is such that domestic firms have an incomparable advantage over foreign firms. First, domestic capital is more abundant, and firms can invest a lot of money in R & D and in capacity expansion. Second, equipment is more advanced, automation is higher, and products are better.
The new rate of asset creation reflects the capacity of equipment to grow old and old, and the average fixed rate of asset creation for foreign firms represented by build-up, saturation, twilight and twilight is on average 39 per cent, while the average fixed asset creation rate for domestic enterprises represented by profit technology, Qing An Qing and Cao Hua is 63 per cent, and the production equipment of domestic enterprises is relatively new, but returns on investment are not influenced by the product structure.
Upstream: raw material prices continued to be high in 2018, strongly associated with upstream suppliers.
The price increase has become the norm in the copper-plate industry for almost two years, with the increase in the price of materials missing and the increase in supply-side reforms and environmental inspections. Substream pcb companies have a low concentration and a stronger bargaining power to shift costs to downstream customers, with a smaller increase than the increase in sales prices and an increase in the Māori rate in the copper-plate companies.
Copper beaks are undoubtedly the most important upstream material in terms of the share of raw materials. In the cost of raw materials for copper sheeting, copper beaks account for between 40% (heavy) and 50% (sheave) and will be used not only in the production of copper sheet, but also in the production of copper pcb downstream.
2.2.1 Copper platinum: The new year of production begins to be released and the stress of supply fades; The price of electrolytic copper platinum is composed of raw copper prices and processing fees, which are more influenced by international pre-copper price fluctuations and market-regulated processing fees; the price of former copper has fluctuated since the beginning of the 16th century; and the demand for copper has gradually improved as the global economy warms, while the supply side is slow to release copper production.
In 2016, as a result of a shortage in the supply of this wheel of copper, the copper miller switched to the production of lithium, copper, with a large foreign gap. New energy vehicles developed rapidly, and large quantities of lithium, copper, on the negative materials of new energy car batteries, were needed as a pool of negative arctic materials.
For example, Taiwan’s Changchun, South Korea’s Japanese and Lsm companies, Japan’s Sansai, etc.) have been rapidly reproducing lithium thugs, causing a much larger gap in the supply of markings than the domestic supply gap. Industry associations estimate that overseas conversions of lithium thugs in 2016 amounted to about 4,000 to 4,500 tons of total energy per month, with a significant impact on the balance of supply and demand in the industrial chain.
Figure 27. lme's three-month trend in copper prices, figure 26.2017, average 18 m electrolytic copper prices, closely related to the business of lithium battery copper.
In the second quarter of 2017, there was a sharp drop in the price of copper blubber from electronic circuits due to market demand, stock release, etc., which led some manufacturers to convert a portion of the production of copper blubber from the original electronic circuits to the production of copper blubber from lithium batteries. In May, as a result of the implementation of the new energy vehicle policy, the market for copper blubber from lithium batteries improved and prices increased.
The price of raw materials has risen, the market for copper benzene on electronic circuits has improved, and prices have increased, and some of the lithium battery copper beam producers have returned to production of copper benzene on electronic circuits. According to the new energy vehicle, the size of lithium benzene on a large scale and the pressure on the new production capacity to release the supply has faded.
The demand for copper beryllium, assuming that 1gwh would require 900 tons of bronze and conservative estimates of 52 per cent of the market for power cells in 2016, 12.12, 18.17 and 25.27 million tons of lithium beryllium in 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively (without taking into account the dismantling and recycling of lithium batteries). The construction cycle for copper beryllium was longer, there were technical barriers, the construction of new capacity was more than 18 months old, and the production of new or expanded copper beryllium manufacturers had been on a larger scale in the country since 2016.
Releases can be expected between the second half of 2018 and the first half of 2019. According to a study by ccfa, 142,000 tons of copper production is expected to be added in 2018, mainly concentrated on lithium battery copper, although the actual capacity will not be so affected by the pace of production and good product rates, judging that the supply pressure will fade from year to year as the capacity is released.
Subsistence technology (600183) depth report 2.2.2 Fibres: 18 years of cold-repair peak supply is still tight, market regulation will fall, the fibres industry is more concentrated, and China’s Great Stone, Tarzan Fibre, and Chongqing International account for 64% of domestic fibres production.
We make up 25% to 30% of the cost, increasing the intensity and insulation of the materials used to enhance the production of the coatings. At present, the world's total output is more than 6 million tons, with the top five suppliers accounting for about 75% of the production capacity, respectively, ocv, johnsmanivel, China's giant stone, Chongqing International, and Tarzan Fibre.
The supply side reforms are driving the product structure of the industry, and some of the firms that are competitive in the market have opted for conversion.
In 2016, the country shut down two fibre-clothing kilns, with a total reduction of 38,000 tons of electronic fibre-clothing, and in Chongqing the international base with a fibre-clothing kiln cooling down. Since 2017, environmental policies in the fibre-clothing industry have pushed small output out of the industry.
The production of fibreglass will require periodic shutdowns of the furnaces, which will result in a six- to nine-month shutdown. The producers will use the six-month period of cooling down the kiln to take a retaliatory price hike.
In addition to the factors of product structural upgrading, most of the country’s fibre-optic enterprises were in a state of loss or micro-business during the previous six years, with limited additional capacity. In recent years, many of the firms with a pool kiln have given priority to the development of fibre-clothing products, and fewer projects to build new fibre-optic electronic coil kilns. With limited downstream demand, domestic firms have been more cautious in expanding their production.
It's a big investment in construction, and it's because, once the kiln is set on fire, it requires a continuous production of 8 to 10 years.Insight technology (600183) reports a forecast of global demand for electronic fibre fabrics (in billions of metres)
The supply and demand of the 18-year cold-repair peak is still tight, and according to IBS, taking into account the factors of export and import, the market size of the country’s electronic bobble (including the industrial veil) reached about 454,000 tons in 2017. By the end of 2018, the country’s new production capacity will have risen to about 682,000 tons, with the new capacity of Linzhou and Zhejiang Stone.
The fat coatings, the coatings of aluminum, the ptfete fluorescent filters, the house-loading curtain sheets, the office screens, the industrial fire sheets, etc., are not large. We judge that the supply of and demand for the fibres continue to be uneven in the short term, and that the year 2018 will remain the peak of cold repair in the kilns, with supply and demand tight, and the price of the fibres will remain high.
2.2.3 resins: Cost + Environmentally Restricted Production, short-term prices are difficult to return to low levels The overall concentration of the epoxy resin industry is low, and foreign, state and private competitions are competitive. The epoxy resin is mainly a glue that binds fibreglass fabrics together, and the epoxy resins are made from a combination of epoxy chlorpropane and biphenola, among others.
41%), composites and others (9%), glues (7%). Global epoxy resin companies have undergone a series of merger restructurings, and the top three As of the current global epoxy resins are Taur Chemical, Taiwan South Asia Plastics and Mato Special Chemical, with production capacity of 15% and 12% of global total capacity, respectively. Figure 35. Average domestic epoxy resin prices are on the move (Customs)
Figure 34. Trends in prices of corporate resins, severe production restrictions, and shortages of epoxy resins. In 2017, the Environmental Protection Inspectorate entered the country’s resin-producing areas, under constant environmental stress. Environmentally friendly small and medium-sized enterprises were largely shut down or even shut down. Large enterprises also needed to adapt to produce after taking over, and environmental conditions were critical.
Inner epoxy resin installations were operating at a lower rate, with some enterprises having restricted or shut down production, with domestic capacity of about 2.3 million tons in 2017, yielding about 1.2 million tons. Adding to the rise in crude oil prices, the high price of glycerine raw materials, and the severe shortage of sources of epoxy-chloropropane (ech), which increased by 104% compared to the end of the year and the beginning of the year.
With the fall in the price of glycerine raw materials, the price of epoxy-chloropropane has fallen since the first quarter of 2018. The country’s low- and middle-end production capacity, which was 2.55 million tons in 2016, accounts for 44% of total global production.
Low rates, difficult prices, but market supply is abundant. On the one hand, they have low capacity to start work due to environmental constraints, low downstream demand, environmental surveillance has shut down a large number of paint plants, etc., and domestic epoxy companies have not started much, but major epoxy plants, such as Jiangsu Sanka, South Asia, South China, etc., are stable, the industry is operating at an average rate of about 50%, and the market is now well supplied, but prices are still at a cost that is influenced by upstream crude oil prices.
In general, raw material prices are supported by commodity prices such as copper and crude oil, and copper is influenced by the pace of new production, which is high at least until the end of the year. For 18 years, the fabric is subject to tight supply during cold-reflection peaks. The epoxy resin is driven by both cost and production constraints.
High-end raw materials are generally dependent on imports for domestic production. Fibres: Although China has become the world’s largest producer of fibre-optics, fibres are concentrated in low- and medium-end products, and high-end thin electronic fabrics (over 90%) are almost monopolized by Japan and the United States.
Copper: In the production supply of special high-end electron circuit copper and voltage copper platinum, there is a large gap between domestic firms and advanced overseas firms in terms of the size and level of production, and high-performance copper platinum in the country is heavily dependent on Japanese and Taiwan companies for supply chain management reforms to respond positively to the supply of raw materials. Companies are the largest buyers of raw materials for the production of coatings, according to the company.
The company’s strategy is not to extend upstream, and this round of supply of raw materials is a difficult task for the Division’s future supply security. The company is moving ahead independently of the Supply Chain Management Department, with a procurement room, a planning room, a quality room, and a strong medium- and long-term planning of strategic materials, working closely with upstream firms to efficiently combine quality needs within the company and the technical resources of suppliers.
A strategic cooperation agreement has been signed with the upstream power provider, copper mausoleum, Taiwan, and Chinese marbles. Copper mausoleums are China’s largest copper smelting company, with a 17% market share in the Chinese market for copper smelting, and copper cognac bronze under the flag is the country’s largest third-party standard copperseed supplier.
Co-operation and exchange of high-end new applications in electronics. Figure 40. Corporate supply chain management and collaboration with upstream suppliers
Copper: March 13, 2017, Chrome Colored Bulletin, Cooperation Framework Agreement with Science and Technology, Planning Room: Medium- and Long-term Planning and Vendors of Strategic Materials
Strategic planning by both sides will be a long-term and comprehensive strategic partnership, based on long-term, medium- and long-term supply security — fibre optics: 10 August 2017, Guangdongsheng
Quality room: increase the technical content of procurement and combine the quality needs of companies and the technical resources of suppliers efficiently
But corporate costs, sales and price controls are strong, and Māori levels rose steadily during the 2015/2016 decline in raw material prices. In 2016, the rigid coin fell, and raw material prices rose significantly in the second half of 2016, but the average price of raw materials in 2016 was still below the 2015 average.
The result was a continued decline in the production of corporate products, a 4.93 per cent decline in the same year for rigid copper sheet units, and a modest decline in the price of copper sheet products, a decline greater than the decline in product prices, which led to an increase of 2.85 percentage points in the Māori rate of rigid copper sheetes, which led to the gradual release of the new production capacity of 2.3 companies, and the introduction of technology into national production replacements.
Keeping the market occupied will produce 100 million square metres of copper per year by 2020. In production and market layout, the company has Guangdong Dongguang, the company has a company that covers the South China market, Xianxi Xianyang, Sichuan and Chongqing, respectively, and has set up Suzhou Life and Technology Ltd., the Longsusu Science and Technology Co. Ltd., and Jiangsu Seeng.
Special Materials Limited covers the market in Huadong, and the central market is largely covered by Jiangxi. In addition, the subsidiary produces pcb by electronic means, and the special material company located in Nanton completed its work in December 2017, focusing on the production of high-frequency communication base plates. The company currently produces 84.5 million square metres of annual copper plates and 144 million square metres of glue.
According to projections of the future market, the global total of copper sheeting in 2020 was 1 billion square metres, with 100 million square metres per year produced by 2020 in order to maintain the global share, and the company ' s development strategy was developed. Current projects to expand the company ' s production consisted mainly of Jiangsu special benefits, Xinxi special benefits, Jiangxi Xi Xi income, and Jiang Xixiang. By the end of 2018, the construction of the high-frequency high-speed board in the south was partially completed, and according to our estimates, the company ' s projects in 2019 were partially operational.
A strategic plan can be completed ahead of the delivery date, with the expected annual production of 30 million square metres of copper sheeting and 56 million square metres of commercial stickers project, the second stage of the post-partum phase, which will enable the company to produce about 133 million square metres of copper per year in 2021, and 203 million of commercial stickers in 2021.
(b) Phase I: 40,000 ptfe units per month (44,000 m/month), 40,000 units per month, 40,000 metres of hydrocarbons;
Second stage: 40,000 ptfe sheets per month (44,000 square metres/month) 1) Cradle board for the production of hyperconductor heat and high heat printing circuits (phase II): 6 million cem-13 million cem-3 and 1.2 million rf-4 per year. A total of 10.2 million (12.75 million square metres) caps per year were produced, 3 million m viscos per year; 2 years of construction, expected 2019
Launched in March, with a capacity of 90 per cent in the first year of delivery and 100 per cent in the second year. 2) 30 million square metres of copper coatings and 56 million metres of commodity stickers per year (originally, 17 million square metres per year and 22 million square metres per year in Lake Shosun, Guangdong)
1 Episode: 12 million square metres per year, 22 million commodity stickers, one year of construction, expected to start in November 2019. 2 Episodes: 18 million square metres per year, 34 million commodity stickers, one year of construction.
The fccl production line (including more than 100 patents, full-process technology, etc.) purchased by the Division from Korea ' s lig in 2016 is being piloted in August, and is expected to produce 2.5 million square metres this year. The fccl terminal is being used for equipment that can be worn, and smartphones. In recent years, the consumer electronics market, led by mobile electronic devices such as smart phones, tablets, computers, etc., has grown rapidly, greatly contributing to the fpc market, which is a major connection.
According to idc data, in the second quarter of 2017, the global volume of serviceable equipment was 26.3 million, an increase of 10.3 per cent compared with the previous year, becoming a new break-through of the btboard technical barriers to semiconductor national production. The ic board is the highest product in pcb, and the global ic loader is concentrated in Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan, and occupies more than 95 per cent of the market. The global demand for the ic board market is about $8 billion to $10 billion, with only one in the country.
There are a few companies involved in deep south circuits, Xinsen Technologies, etc. The btboard is a key material for the ic board, the bt board is more severely cut off by technology, and the bt bronze slabs used globally are almost all supplied by Mitsubishi Gas, which is currently the only source of technology in the country that has developed a similar type of bt plate.
In the 3.5g era, the emphasis was placed on high-frequency high-speed copper panels and pcb boards, and on technologies such as the 3.15g ultra-intensity network, mimo antenna, and the demand for high-frequency high-speed panels came closer in the 5g era, starting in 2019 and going to be officially commercial in 2020.
Strong mobile broadband: Major scenes include 3d/super-highly clean video live and shared, virtual reality, ready access to the cloud, high-speed mobile Internet access, and large-flow mobile broadband operations. (2) urllc (highly reliable and low-time communications): Major scenes include unmanned vehicles, industrial interconnections, automation, etc., which require extremely low time and high reliability and require improvements in the way the existing network is handled. (3) mmtc (large-scale aircraft)
: The main scenes include car connections, smart logistics, smart asset management, etc., which require multi-connected carriers to connect everything. The more important and better quantified performance indicators in 5g are three: (1) the rate of experience of users outside 100 mbps and 1 gbps in hotspot areas. (2) 10 to 100 times the number of connections and the increase in the density of connections as compared to 4g. (3) empty mouths extend within 1 ms and end end to milliseconds.
In the future, if mobile communications are to reach the rate of gbit/s, they will require a continuous bandwidth of more than 100 megagrams. As far as the country is concerned, three operators will need three hundred megabands, and it is understood that low frequency does not have such a frequency range.
Key technology 1-mm waves are commonly referred to as microwaves with frequencies greater than 300 mhz, which can be divided into centimetre waves, centimetre waves, millimetre waves and sub-mm waves depending on the wavelength, with wavelengths of 1-10 mm in the very high frequency ehf (30~300ghz) band called millimetre waves (mmwave).
For aerospace, military, and so on, it has developed rapidly in recent years in the field of commercial radio frequency applications. The main advantages of millimetre waves compared to the microwaves in lower bands are: (1) extremely wide bandwidth, up to 273.5 ghz; (2) antennas with narrow beams of the millimetre wave system, with high detection rates, good resistance and easy miniaturization; and (3) severe atmospheric transport loss, which is both a weakness of the millimetre wave, but on the other hand
This feature can be used to achieve close ground secure communications (usually on the 60ghz frequency wave). The high quality of HF communications materials is an important basis for effective millimetre wave applications. The 5g frequency is the rate of acceleration by increasing the spectrum bandwidth, for example, in the 28ghz band, which can reach 1 ghz, while the 60ghz band has the available signal bandwidth for each channel.
In order to overcome millimetre wave permeability and decay, the performance requirements of 5g communications equipment for high-frequency communications materials will be more stringent. The ability of high-frequency communications materials to maintain a stable high quality of medium constants in high-frequency segments, while controlling medium loss and depletion, will be an important basis on which these technologies can be effectively implemented.
Key technology 2 - Large-scale antenna mimo matrices are used in frequency bands of 6ghz and millimetre waves to enhance coverage and reduce power consumption, from 2 x 2 to the current 4 x 4 mimo. The mimo matrix uses a large number of antennas and mau-mimo to increase fan throughput and volume density, and each antenna is controlled separately.
3dmimo effectively enhances coverage and enhances system throughput in the context of the presence of users in the stereo distribution of urban buildings, requiring the deployment of a large number of antenna units and antenna ports on the side of the base station. Massivemimo base station uses 64 senders (trx) antennas, while the current commercial base station uses only 8 trx, and the use of massivemimo technology will make high-frequency copper plates in individual base stations much more demanding.
Figure 48. Super-intensity deployment development Key technology 3 — super-intensity cluster network — in the 2g era, tens of thousands of base stations were able to provide nationwide network coverage, with the country's 4g wide-covering phase largely ending in 2017, and 4g base stations
5g expects to use a higher frequency to take advantage of the huge bandwidth in the millimetre wave band. Since 2016, the Ministry of Technology has issued a standard of 3.3-3.6 ghz, 4.8-5.0 ghz, 24.75-27.5 ghz and 37-42.5 ghz for our 5g technology research and development experiment. The higher the frequency, the more power decline, the more stringent the 5g performance parameters, and the need to support 1 million equipment per square kilometre, so the network must be very dense.
The millimetre wave development drives the size of the 5g base station to reach tens of millions of levels. The model of the network covered by the "Honon station plus small station" and the upgrading of the successive base stations will lead to a wave of original base-station modifications and new base-station construction.
The 5g base station consists of macro stations in medium and low frequency (under 6 ghz) and small stations in high frequency (over 6 ghz) with tens of thousands of macro stations. In the number of microbase stations, microbase stations in millimetre wave high frequency band cover 10-20m and apply to hotspots or higher capacity business scenes, the number of small stations is expected to be twice as high as the number of macro stations, reaching 9.5 million.
The construction of 5g base station antennas has increased substantially in volume and the demand for high-frequency coatings has increased significantly. 5g requirements for millimetre wave technology have also contributed to the upgrading and increase in the number of mobile terminals and base antennas. Massivemimo technology can use a large number of antennas to form large antenna arrays, allowing the base station to send and receive signals to more users at the same time, thus increasing the capacity of the mobile network by dozens or more, the current 4g day.
Line array units typically do not exceed eight, and 5g array units will reach 128 or more. The development of the antenna in a dynamic direction will lead to an increase in the value of individual antennas.
Based on the 5g macro station 571 scenarios, the initial price of each macro station is about 5,000 yuan, and the size of the 5g base station is 68,429 million yuan. The size of the market is more than 23.8 billion at the initial price of 2,500 dollars. 3.2 companies plus high frequency high-speed board products, breaking through the technical barriers to foreign capital.
The deployment of 5g mm waves presents new challenges to the performance of the coatings. These include three main aspects: the challenge of reliability and consistency of high-frequency circuits, the challenge of multilayerization of the base plate, and the challenge of the diversity of the base plate material with resins. The access threshold for the base plate material for the millimetre wave circuit is high, and its products are often certified through reliability tests for end-products.
The company’s high-frequency high-speed boards begin to enter the world’s first echelons. The often-known high-frequency and high-speed relationships are those of frequency and speed: c=lambda\timesv.
These companies have been developing and commercializing such copper overlays since the early 1990s. But we find that the company’s synamic products have been in the world’s first echelons since synamic7, proving the company’s ability to catch up on high-frequency high-speed material development.
Radio frequency microwave products are constantly refined and millimetre wave materials fill domestic gaps. The types of base plate materials suitable for high frequency applications can be found in two main categories: conventional high frequency (microwave) base plate materials are available on the market, and base plate materials for higher frequency (mm wave, etc.). The difference is in the level of base plate material performance.
The ptfe materials scga-500 series and the hydrocarbon materials s7136s7136h and aerowave series, respectively, provide different material solutions for each application. The bright aerobond 300 and 350 pim indicators at the beginning of 2018 are excellent and can be applied in areas such as high frequency wireless communications, base station antennas, das, power amplifiers. The newly released mwave77 fills our high frequency base as material in the mmwave band.
Hydrocarbons: Autonomously developed hydrocarbon high-frequency materials to meet needs such as car-mm wave radars. The company started targeting hydrocarbon resins as early as 2008.
In 2014, high frequency base s7136 of the first hydrocarbon technology platform was officially marketed. The product was comparable to the ro 4350b of Rogers, and the product technically filled the domestic market gap for the lf base material and broke the long-standing market-monopolized passivity of foreign companies. In the construction of the 4g base station, the market share of the s7136 product grew steadily, as recognized by domestic and foreign customers.
The products derived from the hydrocarbon technology platform are gradually sequenced, and the in-depth reports of the technology (600183) at the Tier 5 level according to the high-frequency high-speed material depletion industry standards. We apply high-frequency microwave base materials from car crash radars to the products of Rogers, Taconic and Isola technology leading firms abroad.
In contrast, the company ' s s7136h and gf77g products did not lose their performance, s7136h were mainly applied to 24ghz high frequency radars, antenna collars, gf77g to 77ghz high frequency radars. ptfe:
The ptfe base material is the highest-level material for the antenna. The pcb industry in Japan is used to classify high-frequency high-speed base material according to the size of df, dk and the size of the high-frequency transmission losses received into four levels, i.e. ptfe grade, high-level base material, medium-level base material, low-level base material. Different levels of base material are also different in the area of high-frequency microwave applications, and the ptfe level and high-level base are applied to the antenna area.
Ptfe is the best organic material found so far, and excellent media performance is conducive to the complete and rapid transmission of signals. The company uses the energy it has gained in Japan to upgrade the technology associated with the ptfe coatings.
The company has further improved its equipment, formulations, etc., and has made significant efforts to develop high-frequency materials, such as the fluorine coating series, and to diversify the layout of the product lines. This has evolved into the largest producer of ptfe coatings in Japan, with companies and Japan emerging as the best performer on ptfe products. gf220, gf265, compared to Yalon's ad255c, gf300, compared to Rogers' 3,000 systems.
gf77g can be certified by a major customer for Rogersro 3303. 3.3 High-frequency copper plates and pcb boards, order growth can take place over time, and high-value-added matrix materials drive the Māori rate up.
According to company data, the price of high-frequency products is roughly two to three times that of ordinary products, and the Māori rate will increase significantly. In the case of client certification, the antenna products produced by the company ' s South China Special Materials have been certified by important customers such as Hwa, Kemp, and so on, and are expected to be completed in the fourth quarter.
Auto-electronics have been a hot spot in the electronics industry, largely maintaining a steady growth trend, with vehicle panels maintaining about 10-15% per year.
According to the Institute’s forecast for iek, car pcb accounted for about 11% of the total pcb market in 2017, about $6.43 billion in size. Figure 60. The base sheet material is based on five application modules and corresponding products in the electronics sector of automobiles.
The size of the production capacity meets the needs of large clients; contrasts with the cutting edge; the advantage of the company is in the small volume, flexibility, and rapid delivery of production lines; compared with the best-performing firms in the area of product disaggregation, the company’s product lines are more complete, providing multiple growth points for the Māori rate. Together with the firm’s most powerful R & D power in the country, the tendency to reduce the technological gap with foreign firms, national production substitution creates huge incremental space for the company’s output, and good governance.
The company’s high-frequency copper plate production capacity is 240,000 units per year, and pdfe’s capacity is estimated to be 120,000 years. According to the company’s Yuzhmorgeologiya special material high-frequency-cover copper sheet expansion program, 120,000 additional units of high-frequency copper plate (80,000 ptfe + 40,000 hydrocarbons) per month will be added and 120,000 pieces of carbon will be added.
Hydrogen stickers. Using a series of products of 0.76mm1/136*48 as a standard calculator, the company ' s project will generate an additional sales income of $240 million (without taxes) after its completion, with a total annual profit of $5.85 million and a net annual profit of $4.974 million.
While the parent company still holds a share of the dividends of 87.12%, the control position remains the same. The company completes the build-up and invests in the dividends.
The structure promotes better company development by means of the Board of Directors, the Shareholders’ Council, and the introduction of the new shareholder, the “Engong City State Investment Limited” (hereinafter referred to as the “Engong Investment”) in order to raise the funds needed for the second phase of the expansion project.
In April 2017, based on company forecasts of the future market, and on a thorough examination of the company’s future development strategy, the board, shareholders, considered the second phase of the company’s expansion project, which is scheduled to officially achieve 1 million ft/month of total production capacity in the fourth quarter of 2017.
In-depth report on technology (600183) from Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 5 Guangzhou Road, Tianhai River District, Guangzhou City, 4th floor