The previous three quarters showed an increase of 5.1 per cent in the same year, a robust profit-making value, a robust business model, a strong corporate profitability, a steady growth in corporate performance with the release of new power generation, a low current valuation and a “buy-in” rating that maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Coal sales and sales have increased on a quarterly basis, and the coal subsectors have been profitable: affected by land acquisition, document renewal and regional security improvements, the production of coal declined by 2.7 per cent in the previous three quarters (see schedule below for specific business data), and sales decreased by 2.4 per cent as a result of a reduction in the foreign purchase of coal.
The average sales price fell by 1.2 per cent over the same period, with sales and sales averages showing a quarterly upward trend, with annual sales averaged 404 yuan per ton in the third quarter, an increase of 10 per cent in the ring ratio. The first three quarters benefited from a 1.8 per cent decrease in the cost of own-owned coal units, a decrease in the purchase of coal from abroad, and a 28.8 per cent increase in the Māori of the coal branch.
Power assets are excellent and profitable: due to the completion of the transaction to form a joint venture, the funded assets are no longer included in the schedule, the related returns are included in the return on the investment, resulting in an investment return of $2.4 billion determined in the previous three quarters, an increase of 437.4 per cent over the same period.
49.3 per cent of capacity, measured at the same calibre in the previous three quarters, total electricity generation amounted to 11,665 million kilowatt-hours (kWh), with an increase of 5.7 per cent in average quarterly electricity sales, a 1.4 per cent increase in the cost of electricity sales and a combined effect on the power generation division, a 29.6 per cent decrease in the same year, excluding the impact of the increase in electricity prices, and a marked decrease of less than the change in installed power.
The company’s combined Māori rate increased by 0.76 percentage points to 42.26 per cent in the previous three quarters, as a result of the increased profitability of the power generation sector. In addition, the cost of the period was equal to the cost of the railway power of the transport plate, the coal industry was stable: the railway branch was an outsider of the group in the previous three quarters.
Coal and non-coal transport services provided by households run 21,471 billion tons, millions of tons, yoy+6.9% of rail transport, and Māori 305 million, yoy-58%, as a result of reduced transport prices. For coalification, sales in the first three quarters of polyethylene, polypropylene and polypropene were 26.1, 241,000 tons, yoy + 9.1%,
The money in hand is abundant, and the year-round bonus is guaranteed: by the end of the third quarter, the company was supposed to pay $959 million in hand currency, and it is currently in a high position. Moreover, the company’s current undistributed profit is $22.6 billion, a historic increase, laying the foundation for the year’s share.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) refers to the following:
Table 3. Transport and Coal Chemicals Division, 19 years of operation
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used in preparing this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.