The value of the three-quarter home-grown net profit innovation, and the value of running a sound leader, was highlighted by October 29th, 2019, China (601088.sh)
On the evening of 28 October, the company issued its three-quarter report for 2019, during the reporting period, it achieved operating income of 17,789,49 million yuan, a decrease of 8.36 per cent over the same period; total profits of 55,053 million yuan, a decrease of 1.61 per cent over the same period, net profits of 37,088 million yuan over the same period, an increase of 5.13 per cent over the same period, net profits after deducting non-recurrent gains and losses of 35,369 million yuan in the first three quarters, resulting in a small decline in plate profits.
In the first three quarters of 19 years, the company achieved business income of $145,469 million, a 3.5 per cent decline in the same year, and a Māori rate of 28.6 per cent, an increase of 0.1 percentage points over the same period last year. The company achieved a small decline in the previous three quarters of 214 million tons (Yoy-2.7 per cent) of commercial coal production and 332 million tons (Yoy-2.4 per cent) of sales, mainly as a result of the decline in coal production from Victor I ' s open-air mine, as a result of the progress in the extraction of land by the extractive fields; and the renewal of production documents, resulting in a reduction in coal production from a single mine.
In the first three quarters of the year, coal sales were 161 million tons (48.6 per cent of sales) and 131 million tons (39.5 per cent of sales), respectively, and the performance of the coal-facilitation plate was stable by a high proportion. In terms of coal prices, the average sales price (excluding taxes) of the company ' s coal plate in the previous three quarters was $426 per ton (excluding taxes) (for the first three quarters of 2018: 431/tons), down by the same amount.
1.2 per cent; on the other hand, the company ' s raw materials, fuel and power costs have risen by 23.3 per cent in the long term, and the company ' s coal prices are likely to continue to run at a high rate, against a background of tight balance between supply and demand in the coal industry, and the company ' s profitability remains strong, owing to the increased stripping of open coal mines such as Harusil, the increase in electricity used in coal production in the interior of Mongolia and the lower unit cost of production.
The semi-annual review of China’s 20190826 dynasty (601088): The Māori rate continued to rise in the first three quarters, while the power plate maintained its asset advantage of high quality. Head values were highlighted, and performance grew robustly.
Quarterly Review of China's 20190429 (601088): The industry was largely affected by the completion of the handover of the company's joint venture with the State Power Company, and the company's shareholdings and assets in a total of 30530 megawatt units were no longer included in the company's performance growth and the financial costs were significantly reduced.
The average price of electricity sold was $333/MWh, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the same period in 18 years, of which the average price of coal-fired units to generate electricity was 5.41 per cent more than in the previous year, and the average cost of electricity sold was $257.3/MWh (Yoy1.4 per cent). In the first three quarters of 2019, the company price of electricity sold increased and the power plate retained the advantage of high-quality assets.
The combination of the former power plates resulted in revenue of $38,303 million (Yoy-41.3 per cent) and a Māori rate of 26.2 per cent, an increase of 4.3 percentage points over the same period of 18 years.cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
Road ports’ combined vertical integration and railway plate performance have been remarkable. Corporate combined strength will be further demonstrated in the first three quarters, with revenues of $4.35 billion for coal-chemicals, $4.44 billion for ports, and $2.42 billion for shipping, respectively, at 1.2%, 3.0%, performance, and vertical integration.
The debt ratio continued to decline and the cash cow profile increased. \triangleright increased interest income on deposits in the first three quarters, reduced new borrowings and reduced the company ' s financial costs by 45.7 per cent in the previous three quarters; the current corporate red rate is 40 per cent and cash is charged
In addition, interest-bearing debt has further declined, with companies expected to spend $27.1 billion on capital in 2019, with strong cash flows and robust operations, and we expect cash flows to cover future operations. Interest and capital expenditures are abundant, company dividends are expected to increase, and company cash cattle are expected to grow. Profit forecasting and rating: taking into account the company’s joint venture to form a power company, the reduction in power loads has affected the company’s overall performance, but the advantages of integrated company operations are prominent.
The business model of vertical integration, in which corporate coal, electricity, and transport plate synergies are gradually emerging in the broader context of high coal price shocks, maintains firm profitability and maintains corporate “growth” ratings. Risk factors: lower than expected macroeconomics and higher than expected coal prices; and security implications of corporate mining.
Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation (CIEAC) Experts Pool, and Member of the China Sindha Operations Audit Advisory Expert Pool.
He worked as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the workshop), in the fields of coal and energy-related research, and in “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. In June 2016, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master's degree in mining engineering at the Chinese University of Mines, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 to carry out research in the coal sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.