Cobalt industry (603799.sh) Cobalt, nickel, cobalt, and antimony.
Incidents: On 20 April, the Chinese Friends Cobalt industry published annual reports 2023 and a quarterly report 2024, and the company achieved operating income of 66.3 billion yuan in 2023, i.e. +5.2 per cent in 2023, a net return to the mother of 33.5 billion yuan, and a significant increase in nickel revenues, totalling approximately 2.33 billion yuan.
(b) Net assets amounting to $34.28 billion, compared with +32.4 per cent, with more construction work being consolidated in 2023, with the end-of-period fixed companies to find a gold dividend of $10 (including taxes) for every 10 shares of all shareholders and to buy back in cash.
There has been a steady increase in the volume of exports of products, and the volume of shipments of nickel products has increased considerably. The volume of deliveries has increased steadily, from 129,000 tons before the Trinity in 23 years to 30.6 per cent in the same year, to 95,000 tons in the same year and 5 per cent in the same year, of which 67,000 tons, or 83 per cent, of nickels of 8 and 9 years of age or more, were exported; and the amount of lithium cobalt acid has exceeded its supply.
1.3 million tons, +32 per cent of the year, approximately 410,000 tons of cobalt products, + 12.2 per cent of the year, nickel products, intermediate production capacity, of which 120,000 tons of nickel metal from China, Indonesia, wet rule of law project in 2024
Production of tons of nickel metal with a high volume of ice nickel project. The Africa urcadia lithium mining project was completed, with the Guangxi battery-grade lithium salt project producing 50,000 tons a year at 24 q1. Deepen the global partnership to strengthen the global layout of industrial integration. Upstream resources, companies.
Planning and completion of the Pomalaa high pressure acid leaching project with the Freshwater Valley, Ford Motors, with an annual production of 120,000 tons of nickel metal; promotion of sorowako mine resource development in collaboration with Indonesia in the Freshwater Valley, locking in the exclusive supply of low-grade brown iron from the two mines; and success in March
Completion of a few shareholdings in two Indonesian mining projects, ajb and wkm, and enhancement of the nickel resource reserve. Downstream material end, investment in the construction of a three-dollar positive-polar project for the BAM nickel power cell in Hungary, and acquisition of a target supply agreement for a billion-latitude lithium, long-term-powered power cell industry: signing an understanding with lig chemistry
A memorandum of understanding establishing a strategic partnership on the whole value chain of pre-drivers and positive materials, and plans for the establishment of a joint venture in Indonesia on high-pressure acid soaking, refining, pre-drivers, and the establishment of a lithium salt processing company in dry Morocco: launching of the 50,000 tons pre-drill project in Indonesia.
We see the advantages of global integration, the continued increase in global competitiveness, the release of nickel production, the elasticity of performance from profit restorations, and the rise in pre-drive reversals, which we believe are 2024.
The year is expected to see a recovery in performance, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in-a” rating. (1) Downstream demand is not as high as expected: the output volume of the company's products, profitability, and the distribution of production capacity are affected by downstream demand, which, if not as much as expected, will affect the company's operating income and net profits (2);
Performance releases are not as fast as expected: company performance is affected by the speed at which production is released, and if the company ' s future capacity is built at a slower pace than expected, it will have a direct impact on the company ' s performance level. (3) Price volatility of raw materials impacts: corporate-owned products include nickel-cobalt lithium products, positive materials, front-loadings, product profitability and price straight.
Accepting the effects of changing prices of raw materials, if the price of raw materials fluctuates more, will result in a risk to the performance of the company: positive materials, trinity, etc., have excess capacity in the country, positive materials, trinity operations have a larger share of revenue, if the industry continues to have excess capacity, or other product lines
The company’s performance will be adversely affected by overcapacity in the industry. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.