Global Refrigerator Leader, New Energy Heat Management Growth Capable Date: 04.02.2020 - Three-Purpose Insight Report (002050)
The traditional refrigeration business has a prominent market position and industry growth space is still in place: companies are leading global refrigeration, air-conditioning electrical parts, traditional refrigeration components such as electro-inflated valves, quadruple conglomerates are limited.
Multi-product markets such as valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, and omega pumps are the world's first, and in the short term, judging by the relevance of air conditioning, refrigerators and real estate cycles, we believe that the company's refrigeration and air conditioning component operations are expected to follow the mainframe in the second half of 2020.
With the steady increase in air-conditioning holdings, stock upgrading and energy efficiency, traditional refrigeration operations, such as electronic expansion valves, microchannel heat exchanges, are still growing in a wide range of ways over the long term. The company is expected to build on its advanced research and development capabilities, the globalized layout of its operations, and its high-quality customers.
Household resources to further consolidate and enhance its leading role in the global market for refrigeration. New energy heat management is promising, with high growth prospects for zero operations: subsidy policy retreats, relative depth of 300 indexes.
New domestic energy subsidy policies are expected to soften and replace the new overseas energy vehicles with high carbon-emission-driven new global energy markets that are expected to catch up to an outbreak of growth, while new energy vehicle heat management is one of the core parts after the "3-power" and single-car appliance prices.
The size of the global new energy car heat management market is expected to reach $26.6 billion a year, with an average compound growth rate of 29% over the next five years. Companies are one of the country’s earlier deployments of new energy heat management, and subsidiaries focus on the development of new energy car air conditioning and heat management products.
In the last decade, the world's few suppliers of electronic expansion valves, electronic pumps, water coolers and coolers components have entered the new energy car arrays of front-line automobile manufacturers in Europe and America, with popular, Daimler, Tesla, BMW, General, Volvo, Audi,
New energy platform orders such as psa, Jaguar, Lugger, especially as a major supplier to Tesla, supply Teslamodel3 with electron expansion valves, electric pumps, oil coolers, water, coolers, battery coolers, etc., further up with Teslamodel3 sales.
It is expected to increase the size of the zero-breathing business further. Not only Tesla, but many new energy sources abroad, the platform orders will also be concentrated in 2020, so that in the medium to long term, new energy, heat management, is expected to become an important growth point in the company’s future performance.
The increased profitability of the Avico business is expected to continue to benefit from the increased penetration of dishwashers in the country in the long term: since the Avico Group acquisition was completed in 2012, the Avico business has actually been profitable.
In order to improve the profitability of Aveko, the company has gradually adjusted its production capacity and supply chain focus, and in the short term, as Poland and Turkey have improved the efficiency of the operation of their plants and the gradual release of their production capacity, the profitability of Aweco operations is expected to increase; in the long term, due to the country ' s growth in production capacity.
Only 2 per cent of internal dishwasher penetration is clearly low and, with the increase in dishwasher penetration, Avico 1 and the global refrigerant component flagship 1.1 product market is the world's number one.
The three-branch conglomerate is the leading global firm in refrigeration components, which for three decades has focused on heat and cooling, intelligently controlled environmental heat, management of core components and products in the areas of building heating, electrical equipment, and auto heat management. Currently, companies are guided by a strategy of “manufacturing diversity, production specialization” to form refrigeration operations (refrigerated refrigerators, aeronautics).
The main product, the electronic expansion valve, the four-way valve, the electromagnetic valve, the micro-channel heater, the mesh pump, etc., is in the market.
First, the cut-off valves, car heat-inflated valves, reservoirs are among the world's leading markets, with operations gradually covering the entire world, overseas subsidiaries have been established in Japan, Korea, Singapore, the United States, Mexico, Germany, etc., and overseas production bases have been set up in the United States, Poland, Mexico, etc., with initial capacity to respond to globalisation.
The world-renowned refrigeration and air-conditioning mainframes, such as Dakin, Mitsubishi, Toshiba, Yog, Samsung, Kaili, Turing, York, Gre, United States, Haile and others, have developed stable and good partnerships and become suppliers to clients such as Faleo, Mahler, Volkswagen, Benz, BMW, Tesla, General, Gilly, Biadei, and Upper Gas.
1.2 Accompanied by a two-track development strategy for mergers and acquisitions and autonomous R & D. The company has always been “privileged” in 1994 when the company's predecessor, Shunchang Refrigeration Appliance Co. Ltd., was established by Xiangjiang Province, China, in conjunction with the Japanese Katsu Institute.
Three Japanese enterprises, the National Mitsubishi Commercial Company and the Japan East Trading Company, co-financed and provided air-conditioning refrigeration parts and components, with a wide range of expansions from cut-off valves to single-way valves, electron expansion valves, electromagnetic valves, drainage pumps, ball valves, North American cut-off valves, etc.; the holding group set up three zeros in 2004 and 2006 respectively.
The company and Hangzhou MicroTracker Ltd. have extended their refrigeration operations further into the areas of electrical heat exchange, car heat management.
The group and its 10 companies, with their full shareholdings, have entered into their home appliances such as dishwashers, washing machines, coffee machines, etc., and have injected three-spray zero-quality assets and added car heat management parts to their listed companies. As can be seen, the company has been focusing on “cold heat conversion, intelligently controlled environmental heat management” for three decades, through mergers and acquisitions.
The two-track development of autonomous R & D has the effect of technological leadership, diversification and expansion of size, thereby increasing the firm’s overall 1.3 equity structure, the recognition of blue-basket attributes by foreign investors, the relative stability of the corporate equity structure, and the concentration of the father’s and son’s holdings in controlling companies.
Group Limited, which holds 33.03 per cent of shares, actually controls Chang Dao, Zhang Yabo, Zhang Shao Bo and his son, and indirectly and directly controls more than 50 per cent of the shares of Zhejiang Green Energy Industries Group Ltd., respectively, with Zhang Yapo serving as the chairman of both the Sanhua Holding Group and the head of the listed company.
The company has five major subsidiaries, including Zhejiang Sanhua Refrigeration Group Ltd., and Hangzhou Trinity Microchannel Switching Co. Ltd., which are engaged in the production and sale of refrigeration control units in air-conditioning refrigerators, microchannel heat exchangers, respectively, and contribute about 9% and 8% to the net profits of listed companies on a profit basis in the first half of 2019, while the son-in-law contributes about 9% and 8% to the net profits of listed companies in the first half of 2019.
Zhejiang Motor Parts and Components Ltd. was mainly involved in the manufacture and sale of car parts and components, contributing up to 15 per cent of the net profits of listed companies, while the German subsidiary, Yawiko Electrical Equipment Ltd., was mainly involved in the production and sale of white-coloured electrical units such as coffee machines, dishwashers, washing machines and others, and lost $15.990 million in the first half of 2019.
The company is well run, the blue share is more visible, it has a high share every year, it has been made 15 times since it was listed in 2005, and the accumulated cash share has been 2,625 million yuan, while the capital stock has been increased by 3 shares to every 10 shares of all shareholders each year. The blue share has also been recognized by the foreign agency, as at the end of the year.
As at 31 January 2020, the stock holdings in the Hong Kong Deepway had reached 214 million shares, representing 2.1 shares of free circulation equity, with refrigeration + auto heat management components at the core, operating across the three main sectors.
In the three major sectors of refrigeration, automobiles and small household electricity, refrigeration operations include mainly refrigeration control units (air conditioning, ice box controllers and control valves, etc.) and microchannel heat changers (condensers, evaporations, etc.); car spare parts operations are mainly car air conditioning and heat management system control components, and products involve fuel vehicle air conditioning heat-inflating valves, water receptacles, oil cooling, etc.
(a) The production and sale of heating components, such as dishwashers, washing machines and coffee machines, mainly by unincorporated Viaco.
Figure 6: Automobile spare parts operations with robust growth with robust growth and growth characteristics
Long-term and stable cash flows to companies; the combined revenues of the new micro-channels, the Avicos and the Steam Zeros amounted to $3.74 billion, or 34.5 per cent, of which the Steam-Operate surged by $1.4 billion, or 13.2 per cent, while the performance of the micro-channels and the Avico in 2018 was temporarily weak.
The car industry has grown more mature and the main growth point at a later stage has been an increase in the market share as a result of changes in the competitive patterns of global markets, while new energy heat management, the Avico dishwasher are imported into products or in the long term, and the industry has expanded in size, so companies have been actively expanding new energy sources while controlling the higher global market share of traditional refrigeration operations.
New business areas, such as cars, small household electricity, have robust and growth characteristics. (2) Māori rates remain high and profitable, mainly as a result of higher downside pressures in the domestic economy, slower air conditioning, lower sales of cars and higher raw materials, higher labour costs.
The impact has led to a slight decline in the Māori rate, which is about 30 per cent higher for refrigeration operations, SVO operations and microchannels, while the Aevico market is in import period, Māori rates are temporarily more profitable and net interest rates are higher due to the combined asset effects of the Avico merger and the microchannels of the group injections.
Corporate profitability is generally relatively robust and will continue to improve in the future with the slow recovery of air conditioners, traditional car sales, and the rapid upswing of new energy vehicles, dishwashers. (3) The share of overseas operations has increased, and globalization has been particularly effective.
Since the 1990s, companies have focused on opening up international markets by establishing offshore affiliates in Japan, Korea, Thailand, Singapore, the United States, Mexico, Europe, etc., as a means of establishing global marketing networks, while establishing offshore production bases in the United States, Poland, Mexico, Thailand, etc., with initial globalized production capacity, industries, etc.
Business products cover a dozen major global markets, including the United States, Europe, Japan, Korea, South-East Asia, Africa, and our Hong Kong, Taiwan, among others. Corporate globalization has worked well, with rising overseas revenues and share steadily, amounting to $4.95 billion in 2018, representing 45.7% of total operating income, and a Māori rate of 29.5%, compared with 29.5%.
High domestic 1.6 pct, a good expansion of global markets that effectively smooths the cycle of single markets, especially for key markets such as North America and Europe, and effectively resists the effects of a slowdown in domestic domestic electricity and traditional car sales.3 The market position of traditional refrigeration operations is prominent, and the space for industrial growth is still in place
3.1 Refrigeration air-conditioning units are expected to be robust up-and-up in the long term, and domestic air-conditioning and refrigerators still have much room for growth.
The sale of valves is largely influenced by market demand for downstream air conditioners, refrigerators, cold chains, etc.
As a result of the slowdown, 15,069,000 household air conditioners were sold in 2018, an increase of 6.3 per cent over the same period, and 75,180,000 refrigerators, an increase of only 0.2 per cent over the same period, but there is still much room for growth in the long term, on the one hand, for about 60 per cent of the country's urbanization rate, which is still low compared to developed countries, and with the trend of urbanization of the population, the annual demand for additional air conditioners and refrigerators remains relatively high.
Large; on the other hand, there is still much room for improvement in air-conditioning holdings in urban and rural areas, where there are currently 142.2 and 65.3 air-conditioning units per 100 households, respectively, which is still likely to double the increase compared with 292 units per 100 in developed countries, such as Japan.
In the short term, it is expected to increase the sales of refrigeration and air-conditioning units due to the warming of the property cycle. Because of the strong correlation between domestic air-conditioning and ice-box market demand and real estate cycles, historical data show that the increase in sales of air-conditioning is basically one year behind the market area of the merchandise, with obvious post-real estate characteristics: the increase in sales of refrigerators.
The speed is similar to that of air conditioners, but the elasticity is significantly smaller. Since 2017, the sales of merchandise houses have gone down, influenced by local post-natal cycle factors, and the sales of air conditioners, refrigerators and refrigerators have fallen sharply in 2018, and the same rate of sales of refrigerators has gone up and down in January-November 2019.
On the one hand, there has been a steady increase in the area of new construction, with a marked “scissors deficit” in the construction of houses, with a large stock of sites to be completed. As the delivery cycle approaches, monthly completion and sales data have recovered since the second half of 2019, and the “scissors gap” in the construction of new and completed areas has narrowed.
The annual rate of building completion will continue to pick up, the demand for post-cycle household appliances such as air conditioners, refrigerators, etc., and, judging from the correlation of air conditioners, refrigerators, and real estate cycles, we believe that air conditioners, refrigerators, are expected to start gradually warming in the second half of 2020.
The company's traditional refrigeration units will benefit from a return to the housing cycle, with expected sales and performance. 3.2 Stock upgrades combined with an upswing in consumption, e-growth valves growing over time Stock upgrades demand is strong and consumption upgrades lead to higher average product prices.
In 2010, as a result of a series of domestic policies on “home-to-home”, the sales of air-conditioning increased by 43.7 per cent the same year. Ten years after the “home-to-home” policy in 2020, the 10-year life-week period for air-conditioning will be as high as 32.6 per cent in 2009 and close to the replacement cycle in 2020.
In addition, domestic electricity efficiency standards are constantly being updated and, on 31 December 2019, the country released the “most stringent” energy efficiency indicator for air conditioning, which combines frequency-fixing and change-of-frequency evaluation methods and is only graded according to seasonal energy efficiency and is due to be implemented on 1 July 2020.
Level 4 energy efficiency standards will be downgraded to level 4 and Level 5 energy efficiency standards will be downgraded to level 5 for fixed frequency air conditioners, all non-efficient products, will be phased out from the historical stage and the frequency-based air conditioners will be phased out completely by 1 January 2022. In addition, the primary frequency 3 energy-efficient air conditioners will be phased out and, overall, the trend towards upgrading the frequency-changed air conditioner structure is expected to accelerate.
The introduction of new energy efficiency standards for refrigerators, which were enforced by the State in October 2016, which required about 40 per cent reduction in the consumption of refrigerators in accordance with the new standard level 1 energy efficiency, compared with the original level 1 electricity consumption, and the introduction of new energy efficiency standards, contributed significantly to the increase in the sale of trans-frequency refrigerators and in the share of the city, with domestic trans-frequency refrigerators increasing at a rate of 41.9 per cent, 76.6 per cent and 31.1 per cent, respectively, in 2016-2018.
Upgraded. According to the China Refrigerator Industry Technology Road Map (2019), 25% of refrigerators are energy-efficient in 2025, and 60% of refrigerators are used in transformer compressors, so the increase in refrigerator energy efficiency standards will contribute significantly to the increase in refrigerator penetration. In addition, refrigerators are driven by a corresponding trend of energy efficiency, intelligence, etc., to produce average prices for refrigerator products.
Upgrade, according to the Ovi cloud network, the average price of refrigerator products in 2018 amounted to $2,930 per station, an increase of 5.4 pct over the previous year, and it is expected that in the future the average price of refrigerators will remain at about 2% of the annual composite average increase in consumption. The e-inflating valves have a significant energy-saving effect, and penetration rates are rising.
More precise controls, with obvious energy-saving effects. Because of higher electro-inflation valve technology and relatively high prices, the use of electro-inflation valves in air conditioners has been low, with less than 30% of global air conditioners using electro-inflation valves.
The number of air conditioners sold was 64.341 thousand, the number of electronic air conditioners sold was 546.449 million, and the penetration rate was about 85%. Considering that not only was the expansion valve used in multi-connected central air conditioners, the actual expansion valve penetration rate should be less than 85%, but characterization suggests that the penetration rate of electronic expansion valves is gradually rising.
Changes. With the implementation of new energy efficiency standards, an increase in the penetration rate of energy-efficient variable air conditioning will stimulate market demand for electronic expansion valves and facilitate the release of electronic expansion valves. 3.3 Microchannel heat exchanger replacement space is wider.
Since its establishment in 2006, the three-flower microchannel has been engaged in the design, production and sale of microchannel heat changers for refrigeration air-conditioning systems. The products include, inter alia, microchannel condensers, microchannel evaporations, microchannel heat pump heaters, microchannel water tanks, heat changers, etc., in addition to domestic and commercial air conditioners, precision air conditioning, refrigeration transport air conditioners, food cold, etc.
Since the current heat tubes are mainly made with tube aluminium flaps, i.e. steel tubes as the main main circuit, external connections, aluminium flaps, the microchannel heat changers, because of their use of multiple-circuit aluminum tubes with higher heat exchange efficiency, combine the wavering fins (opening several shutters) with a whole welding, compared to the tube aluminum flaps heater with space saving and cold saving.
Based on industry-based data, it is reasonably estimated that the global heat exchange is used for cooling heat exchange in refrigeration air conditioning, food cold chains, etc.
The total size of the device is at least $50 billion, of which the sale of the microchannel heater in 2016 was about $2.73 billion, with a real share of less than 6% available. The global market for chiller heaters for refrigeration air conditioning, food cold chains, etc., will be the main alternative to the current phase of the microchannel heat exchange, as consumer demand for energy-efficient products rises.
Microchannel heat exchangers, which have the advantage of their effective energy efficiency characteristics, have significantly increased their application potential in the white domestic electricity sector, with wide market prospects. 3.4 Refrigerant operations have the leading market position, with many products leading the global market.
The company is the leading global manufacturer of refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts, with traditional valve products dominated by electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, cut-off valves, four-way valves, electromagnetic valves, micro-channel heat exchangers, and the megga pump, among which the global market for electronic expansion valves is 39 per cent and the four-way global market for valves.
With 49%, the cut-off valves account for more than 35% of global markets, and microchannel heaters account for more than 30% of global markets. We believe that, with the warming of the property cycle, stock upgrading drive, and energy efficiency upgrades, the company’s refrigeration operations are expected to rebound steadily, thanks to its globalized manufacturing base, a global marketing network system that covers the world, and the remarkable power of research and development technology.
The Division will continue to consolidate and continuously upgrade its leading role in the global market for refrigeration operations.
4. The prospects for new energy heat management are high, with high growth expected for the zero industry, 4.1 a resonance of new energy vehicles within and outside the sea, and a large market for new energy heat management. In 2019, the domestic volume of new energy vehicles sold was 1.26,000, a decrease of 4.0 per cent, mainly due to policy-side subsidies.
The downside has led to a consistent downward trend in the monthly sales of new energy vehicles in the second half of the year, especially after the official subsidy period. However, the decline in short-term sales of new energy vehicles does not change the long-term positive and high growth trend in the industry, particularly with regard to the policy margins in 2020, improved cost pressures resulting from technological advances, and consumer acceptance of new energy vehicles.
On the domestic front, the country’s new energy subsidy policy is expected to ease in 2020. At the 100 People’s Forum 2020, NPCC Vice-President Mansi proposed “to stabilize existing new energy vehicle fiscal subsidies by 2020.”
Policy, no new adjustments to the technical indicators of subsidized products, and the Minister of Trade and Finance, Hmei, stated that “the subsidy policy of 1 July 2020 will not fall further.” Although the subsidy policy of 2020 was not officially announced, the lower base figure of 2019 and the previous official plan, the target of “two million new energy cars to be sold by 2020”, was set.
The new energy subsidy policy will be relaxed, with the Tody, Tesla, the general population, and others performing the catalog effect, which is expected to reach 1.8 million new energy cars in 2020. In the long term, it is clear in the New Energy Motors Industry Development Plan 2020-2025 (Approposing Draft), that new energy vehicles will be used in 2025.
On the overseas side, stringent carbon-emission regulations have forced car companies to accelerate the deployment of new energy vehicles. The EU carbon-emission regulations require that, from 2020, 95% of the average CO2 emissions in the EU by registered vehicles have been reduced to 95g/km (equivalent to 4.1l gasoline/100km), and that all new vehicles must meet this standard in 2021, if the manufacturer fails to meet the above-mentioned criteria.
The carbon emission standard 1g/km vehicles will be fined Euro95 per car in the EU, and it will be very difficult to meet this requirement without introducing new energy sources. Strict carbon emissions regulations have forced car companies to accelerate the deployment of new energy vehicles. Indeed, there is already a consensus in Europe that “electrification is the only option for European automobile companies to move to the future.”
In November 2019, the New Energy Subsidy Programme was announced to promote a full-scale shift of car companies towards a strategy of electricization, with the general public, BMW, Daimler and others moving up to new targets for the sale of energy vehicles, not just in Europe, but in Europe, where the General, Fortelle and United States, under pressure from Tesla, increased the market for new energy vehicles, and the Toyota, Honda and Japanese solar systems, among others, ceased to hold on to hybrids and hydrogen.
The fuel cell strategy has begun to shift to the deployment of electric vehicles, and it is expected that the market for new energy vehicles abroad will be fully developed upwards from 2020 onwards. The surge in new energy vehicles, both within and outside the country, is expected to lead to a rapid increase in the size of the market for new energy heat management systems.
The heat management system is one of the core components of the new energy vehicle, after the “three power”, and covers almost all the components of the new energy vehicle, such as power cells, power-drivers, whole-car power control, car air conditioning, etc., and its performance directly affects electric power The safety and comfort of the vehicle, such as the issue of “fire” of the new energy vehicle, which is of greatest concern to consumers, and the new energy heat management tool
With a large dry system, a good thermal management system can not only be effective in avoiding fire from a battery, but also in preheating a battery in a low temperature situation, thus avoiding the loss of battery capacity and charging at a low temperature, the safety of discharge, especially for new energy vehicles with a higher degree of gasification, which can reduce the failure of spare parts systems due to uncontrolled temperatures.
Significant differences, such as the fact that conventional car air-conditioning systems are cooled using engine-driven air-conditioning compressors, the use of engine residual heat, the use of electric compressors for new energy vehicles, the heating of electrical heating equipment or heat pumps for air-conditioning, and the fact that the core three power systems of the new energy vehicle are more sensitive to temperature, make the new energy vehicle even more demanding for heat management technology.
The complexity of new energy heat management technologies and the additional deployment of control valves, pumps and new and additional heat modules to fuel vehicles have resulted in a higher value of new energy vehicle heat management as compared to the traditional heat management package, which has been measured to be around $2,000-3,000, while new energy vehicle heat management is capable of reaching 6,000-8,000 dollars, a few.
Three times the value of traditional cars. On this basis, we simply measure the market space for new energy heat management: (1) 1.8 million new domestic vehicles in 2020 and 7.5 million in 2025, and 4 million new global vehicles and 16 million new ones in 2025. (2) With technological advances, new energy vehicles are thermally managed.
The cost has been gradually reduced to $7,000 per vehicle in 2020 and $6,000 per vehicle in 2025. It can be measured: (1) the size of the domestic market for new energy heat management is expected to reach $12.6 billion in 2020 and $45 billion in 2025, while the share of new energy vehicles sold in 2025 is only around 25 per cent, and the penetration rate of new energy vehicles will increase even further in the future.
The market size of fuel trucks will continue to grow as they are banned. 4.2 The range of new energy heat management products is more uniform among leading domestic heat management firms.
Source cars are developing, relying on the technological advantages of traditional heat management and entering the field of heat management for new energy vehicles earlier than before, with four major players, such as Japanese electric appliances, France, Farreaux, South Korea, and Germany, collectively accounting for 55 per cent of the global market share of car heat management.
Inner heat management suppliers are mostly in the position of second-tier suppliers of spare parts, but with the rapid development of new domestic energy vehicles and the importance attached by autonomous companies to the supply chain of the heat management system, local suppliers have made some progress in modularization and system integration, such as the three-brand control, silver wheel shares, Otega and Soongshi shares in new energy sources.
In the field of heat management, there has been more experience with technology development and systems matching. The company is one of the companies in the early deployment of new energy heat management in the country.
Water cooler and cooler parts suppliers. Due to the complexity of the new global energy heat management programmes, there are differences in the type and value of heat management parts and components that companies are supporting for different vehicles.
The value of spare parts for valves, electronic pumps, water coolers and chillers can be as high as $2,000, and the value of the package is expected to increase further in the future as new energy heat pump air conditioners become available. 4.3 Heat management orders are abundant and Teslamodel3 will benefit further.
The company ' s new energy heat management product has entered the new energy car platform for front-line automobile manufacturers in Europe and America, with orders from the public, Daimler, Tesla, BMW, General, Volvo, Odyssey, psa, Jaguar, Lugger, etc. The main domestic customers, including Gilly, Biadey, upper steam, weir, etc., are estimated to be over $10 billion in hand orders.
In particular, the company, as a major supplier of Tesla, supplied Teslamodel3 with electronic expansion valves, electric pumps, oil coolers, water coolers, batteries coolers, etc., with a projected sales revenue of about $400 million for Tesla, at a production rate of 300,000 in 2019, and with a further increase in the sales of Teslamodel3 in 2020.
It is expected to rise to around $600 million, contributing more than 10% of the revenue to zero. Not only Tesla, but many new energy platform orders abroad will also be concentrated in 2020.
At the end of 2012, the company as a whole acquired the German electric giant Avico Group, expanding horizontally the area of white domestic appliances such as dishwashers, washing machines, coffee machines, etc.
The Group has a business history of more than 50 years and has long been considered by home-based customers as the first supplier for the development of core parts of the dishwasher system, its subsidiary Bleckmann (the brand of blickmanngmbh&co.kg, a subsidiary of the AVG) has been in the forefront of the industry in the area of water heaters and has led to the heating of dishwashers, washing machines and coffee machines.
The main products of the technology include the machining system, the water softening system, the distributors, etc. The Avico Group has extensive business dealings with the world's masters, the white home power manufacturers, the main clients of which are Bsh, Miller, Hewletteep, Philip, Ilex, Hellbling, and so on. The top 10 clients account for about 90% of Avico Group sales.
Avico Group, a company that extends horizontally to dishwashers, washing machines, coffee machine parts, and further enriches the Department’s product lines, thus increasing the overall competitive advantage in the field of home power systems. Avico’s profitability is expected to increase.
On the one hand, the main focus of Avico’s operations is on the European market, which is more dependent on European supply chains, higher production costs, coupled with higher prices of some raw materials, have led to weaker corporate profitability; on the other hand, the European human cost is relatively high.
As a result, companies gradually refocus their production capacity and supply chain, such as moving European orders to relatively low-cost Polish factories, and building new ones in Turkey that are close to service customers, China and South-East Asia markets are moving towards the lake factory, and the supply chain system is gradually shifting to developing countries with lower production costs.
In Poland, Turkey, the efficiency of the plant’s operation and the gradual release of China’s capacity to produce Lake Luang, the profitability of the Yaweko operation, the apparent low penetration of domestic dishwashers, and the long-term benefits of increased dishwasher penetration. The dishwashing industry is a low-saturated household power compared to other household appliances, with households in Western Europe currently occupying less than 80% of households in North America.
Less than 50%, less than 30% in Eastern Europe, and less than 2% in China, the market for dishwashers in the country continues to have greater room for improvement from the point of view of penetration. On the one hand, consumer recognition of dishwashers is expected to increase, leading to a low rate of dishwashers in the country mainly due to insufficient innovation in domestic dishwasher products, and consumers’ “cleanliness and lack of use”
The negative psychology of convenience and time-consumingness, but with the rise in the new power of local brands such as beautiful, boss, and Haile, and good feedback from users and markets, sales of domestic dishwashers are expected to grow rapidly. On the other hand, consumption upgrades drive the high sales of dishwasher products, population ageing, rising labour costs, and young people.
As a representative of the “loose economy” and the “health economy”, dishwashers are more attractive to older persons, young people, etc. Thus, the domestic market for dishwashers continues to have a greater potential for growth, while Aveco will be able to do zero: benefit from the global new energy car outbreak, and the new energy car heat management order is expected to be in 2020.
Refrigeration operations: Based on the relevance of air conditioners, refrigerators and real-estate cycles, we believe that the company's refrigeration air conditioners operations are expected to start heating gradually with the mainframe in the second half of 2020, and that as the air conditioner holdings increase, microchannel operations: the microchannel heater gradually replaces the aluminium flaps, and reasonable assumptions are that the microchannel operations earn the same income.
Aviko Operations: In the short term, with the increased efficiency of the operation of plants in Poland, Turkey and the gradual release of production capacity in China, the profitability of the Avico Operations is expected to increase; in the long term, with the increased availability of dishwashers, Avico Operations 1, the traditional refrigeration business market, the space for industry growth is still in place: the company is the Global Refrigeration Air Conditioning Electric Zero.
Traditional refrigeration units such as electro-inflated valves, quadruple valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, and omega pumps are the world's top market holders, and based on short-term correlation between air conditioning, refrigerators and real-estate life cycles, we believe that the company's refrigeration component business is expected to follow the mainframe step back in the second half of 2020.
Warm, in addition to the steady increase in air-conditioning holdings, stock upgrading and energy-saving upgrades, traditional refrigeration operations, such as electronic expansion valves, microchannels, heat switching, are still growing in space over the long term. Companies are expected to further consolidate and improve their global market for refrigeration with their advanced research and development capabilities, the globalized layout of their operations, and high-quality customer resources.
The prospects for new energy heat management are high. Zero operations are expected to grow fast: the fall in subsidy policy has led to a 4.0 to 1.26,000 more cars being sold domestically on a year-on-year basis in 2019, and the new domestic energy subsidy policy in 2020 is expected to be sufficiently broad.
The long-term turning point, and the new energy car heat management is one of the core components after the "3-power", with a single-car package value of $6,000-$8,000, with a wider market outlook, we expect to have a new global energy vehicle heat management in 2020, one of the companies in the field of energy heat management, a subsidiary with zero steam, focusing on new energy car air conditioning and heat management products.
For nearly a decade, R & D has been the world's rare source of electronic expansion valves, electronic pumps, water coolers and coolers spare parts. The product has entered the new energy car platform for front-line automobile manufacturers in Europe and America, with orders from the public, Daimler, Tesla, BMW, Volvo, Odys, psa, Jaguars, Luggers, and so on.
As Tesla’s major supplier, supplying Teslamodel3 with electronic expansion valves, electric oil pumps, oil coolers, water coolers, battery coolers, etc., is expected to further increase the volume of gas as Teslamodel’s output increases further. Not only Tesla, but many new energy platform orders from overseas will be concentrated in 2020.
Thus, in the medium to long term, the management of new energy car heat is expected to be an important growth point in the company’s future performance.3 The profitability of Avico’s operations is expected to increase and will continue to benefit from an increase in domestic dishwasher penetration over the long term: since the Avico Group’s acquisition was completed in 2012, in fact, Avico’s business is not very profitable, and the Māori rate is only positive in terms of profit.
The profitability of the company is expected to increase its profitability in the short term as Poland and Turkey improve the efficiency of their plant operations and the capacity of China to produce lagoons; in the long term, with only 2 per cent of domestic dishwasher penetration, it will benefit directly from the increased availability of dishwashers.
The net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were $13.9, 17.9 and 2.32 billion, respectively, pss.