China's taupe (601601) reported in the first quarter of 2017.
Events: 17 years of company quarterly reports: company net profit returns of $20.0 billion, corresponding to $0.00 billion, compared to $0.00 per cent, and net assets of $132.75 billion, corresponding to $0.02 billion, compared to +0.7 per cent at the beginning of the year, with performance in line with market expectations and continued pressure on reserve replenishments. Company returns of 17q1 were net returns to the mother.
The growth in single size has contributed to the natural release of accounting profits (residual marginal amortization) and to a rise in performance on a par; (3) the impact of reserve replenishments has been higher than 16 q1 and has been lower than the same performance.
The annual insurance premium for a new company insurance policy is the same as +67.7%, with the highest rate of growth, and is expected to drive the 17-year life insurance netbv up to an all-time high. In terms of business structure, high-value pay-as-you-go accounts for 97.5% of the new risk list, and the business structure is almost perfect.
The strong performance of the new business is due mainly to: 1) the demand for guaranteed products resulting from the upgrading of middle-cost consumption; 2) the 15-year proxy entry examination to remove the shackles of the traditional mega-insurance multipliers completely; and the insistence on a one-channel strategy, with 97.7 per cent of the company's 17q1 life insurance premium coming from one insurance channel.
The level of financial security increases and the level of profit coverage is still under pressure. The 17q1 company insurance premium is $26.28 billion, or +1.7 per cent, which is the same rate as the 16-year increase, and is still below the marginal improvement, but the level of profit coverage is still below the level of safety and human security.
The 16-year cost of vehicle insurance has been changed to the ground throughout the country, the future market for vehicle insurance has become competitive or even more intense, companies are still under pressure to increase premiums and cost controls for vehicle insurance operations, and future levels of profit insurance or the impact of reserve replenishments are expected to lead to a sharp drop in performance.
There is an upward adjustment to the impact of the hedge. According to the calculation, reserve replenishments for 17 full years of pre-tax profits are estimated at $11 billion (assuming no adjustment to the liquidity premium assumptions and basis of calculation, and that interest rates on public debt are maintained at current levels), reserve replenishments are concentrated on 17q4 in the three quarters of the first 17 years.
The impact has declined significantly, and a major turning point in performance is expected, with the 18-year replenishment of the reserve fully cleared and expected to begin to grow at a high rate.
The company ' s 17q1 life insurance new business is growing faster than expected, and the business structure is almost perfect.
At the bottom of the absolute scale, the security margin is extremely high. In the short term, the 17-year rollover is expected to catalyze nbv, there is still pressure on the treasury, stock prices, and the company's valuation is expected to be substantially higher, and we believe that the company's reasonable valuation is 1.1.
China Taibo: performance of the 2015 annual report - life insurance: excellent; return to profit track: 5. China Taibo: three-quarter review - share-inflicted
The impact has been minimal, and the growth in performance has increased. 3. Increased competition in China’s car insurance market has had an impact on the profitability of corporate finance insurance operations.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, there is an investment advisory committee on securities.