Wang Wei-chul will lead to a return to cold tea sales, a Chinese drug support policy that will drive the southerly drug, and a return to the city after the outbreak, which is expected to lead to a return to tea sales: the recent country.
With the release of the ninth edition of the New Cycrovirus Pneumonia Control Programme, which eases quarantine controls, reduces isolation times, and increases efforts at the national level to control local “layer-plus” controls, we are expected to promote a better return to mobility, leading to tourism, catering and offline consumption.
In addition, cities that were more regulated during the outbreak, such as Beijing and Shanghai, have resumed work after the outbreak, resumed production, and resumed their canteens, and we believe that the important consumption scene of the cold tea will gradually recover:
In addition, in the long run, the company released its ten-year strategy for Wang Ji-Jin at the beginning of the year, proposing a move towards “new quadrupling” (digitization, diversification, fashion, value)
In the next 10 years, we'll see the company's beverage business increase in long-term policy support for the Chinese pharmaceutical sector, and the increase in Chinese consumption: on June 23, four departments published their Opinions on Enhancing the Work of Pharmaceutical Talents in the New Era, which states that by 2025, the world's drinking industry will have to increase its support for Chinese medicine.
(a) To achieve that the number of mid-level medical doctors in public secondary hospitals above level II is not less than 60 per cent of the total number of doctors in the institution, that all district health service centres and township health centres are equipped with mid-level medical doctors; that the health service stations are staffed with at least one physician capable of providing Chinese medicine; and that more than 80 per cent of village health services are provided;
The room is staffed with at least one medical worker who can provide Chinese medicine services; it is a strong push for Western medicine to study. Generally speaking, doctors, as professional authorities, are the primary decision makers in the medical decision-making process, and we believe that this time the State clearly proposes that the target for the allocation of Chinese doctors will be met.
In the medium and long term, it promotes the development of Chinese medicine. The company has a 12-family Chinese name, such as Chen Lizi, Pan Gao-su, the Chinese pharmaceutical company, the thirsty pill, the polyfontain film, the Chinese remaking pill, etc., with a clear branding advantage and a high potential for development, and is expected to benefit from the policy dividend in the future.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.