The profit point, the cost drops, it's better than expected than ever before.
The performance of the current period is expected to be higher than that of hand orders + 30%, with an increase in the Māori rate, a decrease in the surcharge rate, and currency exchange contributions, among other things.  20 years of upturn in electricity network investment, accelerated construction of super-high pressure, and an improvement in equipment demand and a recovery in prices.
In the broader context of the capital build-up in the wake of the domestic epidemic, 20 years of investment in the national network has gone from $408 billion (same as 9 per cent) to $450 billion (same as the same), with the actual investment projected to be no less than $450 billion; progress has accelerated in the near future, while the construction of superhigh pressure is expected to boost the power plant investments of 500kv, 220kv, medium-high.
At the same time, since 19 there has been a shift from a “lowest-price winning” model to a more quality-oriented approach, with tenders such as the core product gis rising rapidly.
The production of power equipment has been improving, particularly in the form of a recent harvest and an increase in the contribution of Gis in the 05-10 year pattern. In 19 new orders (excluding taxes) of $8.2 billion, compared with +20 per cent, increased faster and the winning unit price increased by more than 20 per cent.
Query, with an overall Māori ratio of 33.8% for h1, compared to +4.5pct, with clear performance points.
The trend towards a quarterly improvement is clear in the first generation of power switching equipment for the company’s winning national network in early July, with a clear improvement in the Māori rate.
Sub-agreement stock collections (excluding taxes) amounting to 948 million. Overexpected (in the January-June collection) with a cumulative winning mark of only the drop point, a good order, an investment in the electricity grid, and the impact of the epidemic on overseas operations, the breakthroughs are still ongoing and flawed. In the first half of the year, affected by the epidemic,
The company ' s overseas construction of the epc and billing has slowed down, and overseas revenues and orders are expected for the first half of the year.
Growth, Māori Improvement, q1 Performance Superpredictation The company ' s Global Sensor Collection Project was the first single breakthrough in the Italian market.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board