The profits have improved considerably, and the expansion continues to expand.
Monthly improvements in orders for the first half of the year, with more revenue at the end. The company signed a new single increase in the first half of the year at a flat rate, with a cumulative domestic increase of $3.05 billion (excluding taxes), a +8% improvement over the quarter. The trend is clear at the beginning of July.
The amount (excluding taxes) was 948 million, of which 440 million were awarded by Gis and 16.2 per cent by the municipality, and the share was continuously validated for head-to-head concentration. For 20h1-point products, 390 million were sold, compared to 39.7 per cent, and 280 million, corresponding to 11.4 per cent, were sold by smart equipment.
The price of tenders for electrical equipment products has improved, and the Māori rate has risen faster than expected. The price of tenders for core products such as thought sources, Gis, has risen rapidly since 19th. The Māori rate for 2020h is 34.24%, up from the same level as the rate for switch-type products (including gis, segregate switches, circuit breakers, etc.) has risen by 6.4 pt
Four hundred and fifty-three million yuan, representing a fall of 4.88 percentage points to 15.46 per cent in the period. Of this amount, sales, tubes, and access to the integrated circuits are involved in a second time, extending to the next city.
Cycling cloud technology products include Hplc/bplc (high/broadband power line carrier communication) chips, 2, Thought Electric (002028): h1 pre-rf-hplc (wireless radio frequency/high-speed power line carrier communication) chips and grid stabilization devices
Overestimated, Māori improved trends in adc chips, battery management systems (ebms) chips, etc., 86 million dollars in 19 years, turning points, high orders, power grid investment, etc.
In the first six months of the year, the company signed a new one-way increase at a flat rate, of which $3.05 billion (excluding taxes) and +8 per cent in the country, with a clear trend towards quarterly improvements. In the first half of July, the company won a bid.
The National Network ' s third power transformer, the first agreed inventory collection (excluding taxes) amounted to 948 million dollars, exceeding expectations (in the January-June series), with a cumulative winning bid of only 310 million; of these, 440 million were awarded in Gis and 16.2 per cent of the city ' s share increased, with a steady increase in the concentration of shares to the head.
The price of tenders for electrical equipment products has improved, and the Māori rate has risen faster than expected. Since 19 years, the NSN tender has shifted from a “minimum-medium” model to a more quality-oriented approach, with prices for tender products such as Gis, the core product of the thinking source, rising rapidly. 2020h Māori rates have risen by 34.24%, compared to 4.95pt, q2 Mā2 compared to 34.20%, compared to 5.00pt.
Reduction of 0.14 pct. Of these, the rate of gross domestic product (which includes gis, sequester switches, circuit breakers, etc.) has risen by 6.4 pct. Overseas operations are affected by the epidemic and are now back in production.
In the first half of the year, Pepc earned $180 million, corresponding to 29.5%, and now all overseas Pepc projects are involved in a two-time integration of power chip companies, which expand into a city. The company plans to use 60 million shares, Cycotech, which is expected to hold 10.16% of the shares, re-arrange the circuit industry, which includes Cycotech products.
Hplc/bplc (high/broadband power line carrier communication) chip, rf-hplc (wireless radio frequency/high speed power line carrier) collects $86 million a year for a profit of $9.25 million.
In the first half of the year, the superconductor decomposition module completed the relevant validation process, passed the customer ' s pap audit, entered the intake phase and accumulated over 20,000 export shipments; the 48v module controller and the adas back-up power controller used in the vehicle were identified by the client and entered the product development phase.
Establishment of network companies to upgrade the capacity of electricity equipment products. Based on the principle of “a specialized subsidiary by product line”, companies holding subsidiaries, such as high-pressure companies, are to invest $110 million in the establishment of fully-owned network subsidiaries, major circuit breakers, load switches, etc., with connection switches; and companies, such as Hiroshi Shinsususu, are to invest $50 million in the establishment of fully-owned network automation units.
The cost of the company ' s 2020h cost fell by 7.64% to $453 million on a year-on-year basis, and Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee.