A high percentage shows the value of the investment, the chlorine product, the dragon python, the dragon python.
In its semi-annual report for 2018, the company announced a return of $5.329 billion, an increase of 6.04 per cent over the same period, and a net return of 1.341 billion, an increase of 2.33 per cent over the same period; in the second quarter alone, a return of $2.738 billion, an increase of 3.99 per cent over the same period, a growth of 5.67 per cent over the same period, a higher share of net return and a higher share of cash equity and confidence in the company ' s operations
The company, which is the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, has invested $6.5 per 10 shares in cash through a profit distribution scheme. The company has a dividends rate of 7.915 for the last 12 months, located in the first place in the Chemical Section. The high cash dividends highlight the company’s business confidence and good profitability. The company’s future performance is expected to sustain steady growth.
The company benefited significantly from the continued performance of the titanium powder industry, which was concentrated in the production and marketing of titanium powder, which contributed 85.70 per cent to the company's operating income in the first half of 2018. For the battalion, due to environmental impacts, titanium powder production is now largely cleared, and future additional capacity is concentrated in the more technologically difficult chlorination method, with supply and demand tight balance.
The price differentials in the titanium powder industry are expected to continue at a high level or even expand one step further. The profits from this impact will also increase further.
As a result of the significant environmental advantage of chlorination, it has become a trend in future titanium powder production processes. The company began to introduce foreign chlorination technology in 2012, with a clear pre-emptive advantage. The company is the only listed company in the country with the ability to produce titanium chloride.
There are better prospects for scaling up engineering and even national production, including in the SAS sector. The company’s official achievement of 200,000 tonnes/year of additional chlorine production capacity, the production of more than 150,000 tonnes/year of chlorination, and the construction of a new 300,000 tonnes of chlorination capacity in coastal ports will result in a significant increase in company performance and market penetration.
The company is the leading company in the titanium industry, with the highest production capacity in Asia. The company’s concentration, the price of titanium powder, has a strong impact on the company’s performance, yielding benefits from the increased climate, environmental protection, the rising price of titanium powder, and a steady rise in the company’s performance.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the South's wealth, the source of the South's wealth,
Master of Finance, University of Administration, Singapore; B.A., Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics + Double Bachelor of Laws, cfa.
Research assistant profile: Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering, Ohio State University, United States of America, three years of chemical industry experience, cfa witness, 2017.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, LL.M. in Chemical Engineering, Talsa University, United States of America, 4 years of experience in chemical engineering, joined the Dongxing Securities Analyst’s own research opinion in May 2018. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.