Quest flight (002230): Performance meets expectations and firmly promotes the Platform Plus track strategy proposal (maintenance) Events of 23 April 2020: Quest released its annual report for 2019 and its performance report for 2020: q1
In 2020, q1, the company achieved $1.409 billion in revenue, broke 10 billion in corporate revenue and re-innovated its operating cash flow. In 2019, the company re-invented its business income, breaking 10 billion yuan, and its income level entered a new milestone.
The growth of 27.30 per cent over the same period slowed slightly, mainly as a result of the strategic focus of corporate operations and the proactive restructuring of some non-strategic operations; the net cash flow from operating activities was 1,531 million yuan, compared to 33.39 per cent, the highest ever, mainly driven by companies.
This is due to such measures as the increase in the amount of cash received by the company during the current year for the sale of goods and the provision of services; the firm's insistence on market-oriented and continuous improvement of core technology and investment in research and development amounts to 2,143 million yuan, an increase of 20.91 per cent over the same period, and 21.27 per cent in research and development inputs.
For many years, it has been maintained at more than 20%; the company’s cost-control capacity has continued to improve, and sales costs are firmly advancing the Platform Plus track strategy. In terms of the platform’s capacity, the open platform has brought together more than 1.12 million industrial intelligence developers and developed applications of more than 750,000.
In terms of the application of the track, (1) in the field of intelligence medicine, the company has completed the construction of 50 districts and districts of Anhui province with full coverage through the construction of artificial intelligence-assisted diagnostics.
Twenty-five million co-diagnostics were provided, with more than 200,000 per day and more than 30,000 grass-roots doctors, benefiting more than 40 million inhabitants. 2) In the field of intellectual law, the company's ai+ law products and solutions have been widely applied at all levels of the judicial administration.
In the field of intellectual education, the network of corporate intellectuals helps schools to improve the accuracy of teaching and the effectiveness of student learning, covering more than 16,000 schools across the country, processing more than 35 billion processive learning data each year.
In the municipal sphere, the company “City Super Brain” has built a variety of intellectual applications around urban governance, government management, and the provision of services to the people, and the products have been located in nearly 30 local cities in 10 provinces. • Performance of 2020q1 affected by the epidemic has declined in the short term, and the mid-year mark has risen markedly.
In the first quarter of 2020, the net profit of the company was mainly due to the epidemic, which delayed the progress of the Division’s work on project implementation, delivery, receipt and inspection during the first quarter of the year, thus affecting the current rate of revenue performance. We believe that the epidemic had a limited impact on the company’s performance, and that the company’s long-term performance was maintained.
Good news: As the online bidding process resumed in March, the company’s project field workers gradually resumed. The company’s new winning contract in March amounted to $920 million, an increase of 91% compared to the previous year, providing a solid basis for sustained growth in its performance throughout the year, and the company is expected to be in a position to do so.
Given that the company is a domestic leader in artificial intelligence, it adheres to a development strategy of “steward, autonomous innovation”, a strategic focus on business, 2b+2c double-wheel drive, combined with hardware and software
We look forward to the company’s development prospects, maintaining the company’s “recommended” rating. Less than expected; less developed intelligent education; less developed intelligent medicine; and the risk of increased competition in the industry.
In May of this year, the Chinese Department of Securities Research and Development joined the Department. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.