We've got 10 billion dollars in revenue, and we're looking at the ability of one of the leading companies to grow.
The company published its annual 2019 report, which generated $1079 million, an increase of 27.30 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of $819 million for mothers, an increase of 51.12 per cent in the same year, and $489 million in non-net profit, an increase of 83.52 per cent compared to the same period last year. The revenues were broken by $10 billion, costs were well controlled, and cash flow was the best ever.
While the company achieved an all-time high of $10.79 billion in revenue, the efficiency mitigation strategy had significant results, with sales costs accounting for 17.66 per cent, a decrease of 4.14 percentage points compared to the same period last year; management costs accounted for 7.01 per cent, a decrease of 4.95 per cent compared to the same period toc, tob double-wheel drive, with orders performing well in 2020
Toc end, the company fosters innovative consumer products and services, and in 2019, C-products were cut off from the 618 "Big Push," the unit compared to the 300-by-cent trend, with the first six categories, i-virtual anchor system, which has been used in dozens of media outlets, such as the People's Daily, Xinhua, and Xinhua.
Toc's business generated $3.625 billion, an increase of 43.99%. Tob ends, companies focus on priority industries, education, smart hardware, law and order, and medical applications.
At the end of 2019, a total of 2,446 million yuan in education information was awarded for 2020 performance.Cognitive intelligence technology is constantly breaking through, and core technological advantages are shaped for long-term value \triangleright \triangleright
For the first time, in 2019, the machine read and understood the international authority assessment of squad 2.0, the entire ball went beyond the human level in both em and f1 indicators, creating a completely new track record in the competition; and the dialogue-based reading and understanding authority evaluation of competitions, such as quac, achieved better results, and technical advantages will form an important basis for the company ' s long-term development.
The company, as a leading company in the area of artificial intelligence, uses the ai technology to advance the industry position of the Giangchaoting@mszg.c Division in the field of artificial intelligence and to maintain a “recommended” rating in priority areas such as education, politics and law.
The core brain drain, increased competition in the market, political law and medical operations have fallen short of expectations.
In 2019, he joined the Institute of Civil Security and the Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade. He joined the Institute of Civil Security, the London King’s College, in 2019, the Master’s degree in Banking and Finance.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.