The fall in subsidies affected the company ' s performance, and the passenger car was well-placed - the year-on-year increase of 4.44 per cent and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was 2,301 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
The fall in subsidies has slowed the performance of companies by a sharper reduction than the average industry: in 2018 the company achieved a growth of 4.44 per cent in revenue on a year-on-year basis and a rise in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies. Around 50 per cent of the slopes have led to a greater impact on the profitability of new energy buses, but the company industry has done so.
The impact of performance is significantly higher than the industry average, showing a high degree of resistance from leading firms. In 2018, the company sold 60.9 million buses, an increase of 9.51 per cent over the previous year, of which 52.2 million were sold in large medium-sized buses, an increase of 12.55 per cent over the same period, continuing to be in the top position in the industry.
During the year, the new energy bus state subsidy fell by about 58%, the industry will be further aggravated by the fall in subsidies, and the company, as a leading domestic bus company, will be expected to increase its market share further in the process of the trade shuffling. Moreover, the subsidy policy continues to organize the transition period and the new talent.
The policy of public transport subsidies has been published separately, reflecting the flexibility of the policy, the desire to speed up the loading of passenger vehicles during the first half of the year during the transition period, and the fact that sales of new energy buses should not be pessimistic throughout the year. Research and development inputs have increased, with new products leading the market: in 2018, the cost of company sales was 7.91%.
_aaa_Witland (600066), an increase of 1.36 per cent over last year, mainly in new product development, advanced technology research, while companies have made good progress in the “new quadrupling” of passenger vehicles, leading to a smart network.
Bulk delivery of pure electric buses and bulk extension of fuel cell buses. Financial cost 1.02 per cent, 0.46 per cent lower than last year, due to the fact that this year's new energy bus plates allow for the application of the Pre-Budget Department.
And subsidies to boost the market share of new energy buses on the slopes, giving them an “enhancement” rating. Risk factors: bus sales fall short of expectations, and new energy buses fall short of expectations.