In 2019, the new energy subsidy was reduced considerably, and the bus was replenished.
The discount policy, which will be published separately, is expected to be better than the non-public bus subsidy standard, and the company’s market share is expected to rise in the lead enterprises with technological and financial advantages. Given the downside of the industry and the fall in sales and subsidies, the performance of the company’s 60,868 buses was sold in 2018, compared with the fall in the previous year.
9.9% of them, including 24,748 new energy buses, a 0.5% drop in the same year. The declining demand for seating buses and school buses, a decline in new energy subsidies, and the decline in corporate sales and revenues in 2018; the decline in the Māori rate in offshore markets, a 1.0 percentage point decline in the Māori rate; and the addition of a new R&D team.
More than 700 people invested heavily in high-end products, smart networks, significant increases in R & D costs, increased sales costs over an average funding period for clients, increased by 2.5 percentage points for four rates, higher overspent energy sales and higher base for the same period, 19.0 per cent for q4 sales.
In relative rigidity, the four rates were increased by 3.1 percentage points on the same basis; q4 confirmed that government subsidies of $190 million had led to a decline in city occupancy.
In 2018, the company sold 55 fuel cell buses to promote bulk applications in Chengzhou, Zhang Jiaguchi, etc., hydrogen-fueled tank cars were included in the government's report on their work, and plans were made to promote “10 cities, thousands” in 2019.
The bus is expected to grow rapidly, and companies will benefit from being at the front end of the industry. Companies are taking advantage of the industry’s growth trends and are expected to recover their share of the market in terms of technology, products, market diffusion, etc. The new energy bus subsidy policy is pending, and follow-up progress is expected.
The subsidy is reduced by about 50%, which puts some pressure on the profitability of new energy buses. The new energy bus subsidy policy will be published separately and is expected to be better than the non-public transport subsidy rate, supplemented or retained at the market price of 1 April 2019.
The subsidy will ease the financial pressure and lower the financial costs of the car company and benefit from the profits and benefits of the new energy bus company. According to the Chinese Internet, the company sold 22,534 new energy buses in 2018.
With a 24.1 per cent share, there are prospects for significant benefits to be gained as a steady industry. 1) Decrease in automobile sales; 2) price increases such as raw materials; 3) significant decline in new energy subsidies.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations