I'm reporting the reasons for this: Quick Report on Sales.
In April 2019, the company published a fast-tracked production and sale of passenger vehicles in April 2019.
5186 vehicles and 5622 vehicles, with a cumulative total of 15,708 vehicles and 16,201 vehicles for the current year; the overall performance in April of the year was marked by a significant increase in the volume of passenger vehicle sales and an increase in the ratio compared to the previous month; the monthly volume of vehicles sold by the company was 5,186 and 5622 vehicles, respectively, representing an increase of 40.62 per cent and 40.62 per cent, respectively, respectively.
83.55. The cumulative volume of production and sales for the current year was 15,708 and 16,201, respectively, an increase of 11.41 per cent and 24.44 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous month. The distribution of large buses and medium passenger vehicles was maintained at the same rate, while the monthly and cumulative production of light passenger vehicles increased by the same rate, and the monthly output of light passenger vehicles increased by the same amount.
The same-year increase in sales was negative and the cumulative increase in sales was small. Highest/minimum in the year: high security margins for passenger vehicles, and the increment of new energy from overseas. In recent years, high irons and irons have increased.
In the context of the increased availability of private cars, which has led to a decline in domestic bus use demand, we recognize that the company is the leader of the domestic bus, leading by large and medium passenger cars, and is safe.
The second is the company's active deployment of overseas markets and its growing offshore operations, which are expected to bring new growth in its performance; the third is the company's rich new energy bus system, which has the manufacturing capacity of pure electric passenger vehicles, hybrid buses, gas buses and hydrogen fuel cell buses, adding up 2019 new energy vehicles and new energy.
The revenue bus policy has fallen, and both subsidy policies have put in place a transition period, and there is a hope that the country will make a significant drop in the supply of new energy sources, which in turn will lead to an increase in the volume of new energy passenger vehicle sales, and that companies will benefit from the advantages of their own products and the advantages of their flagship.
Investment proposals: The company is the leader in the bus industry, leading by large and medium-sized bus markets, rich product lines, high overall security margins, up-to-date corporate R & D inputs, active high-end products, and ITC, 28th floor, 69th West Avenue, Taiwon City.
There is a risk that industrial policy will change dramatically; high-end products will not move as fast as expected; overseas operations will not move as fast as they can.
In April 2019, the company continued for the month of March, with a marked overall increase in the volume of passenger vehicle sales and an increase in the ratio of production to sales, as shown by the volume of sales: monthly sales of company passenger vehicles were 5,186 and 5622, respectively, representing an increase of 40.62 per cent and 83.55 per cent, respectively.
2. The sales of large and medium passenger vehicles have increased consistently, while the sales of light passenger vehicles have improved slightly over the previous month.
Figure 13: Monthly sales of the company ' s vehicle segment (vehicles)
The company is the leader of the bus industry, leading by large and medium bus markets, rich in product lines, high overall security margins, and superimposed companies.
Continued R & D inputs, active deployment of high-end products and overseas markets are expected to help companies restructure their products and increase profitability. 2) High-end products are not as advanced as expected; 3) offshore operations are not as advanced as expected.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.