I'm reporting the reasons for this: Quick Report on Sales.
The overall decline in output and the expected improvement in product structure is not the same as 4312 and 4678, with a cumulative volume of 20020 and 20879, respectively, for the current year.
\triangleright Large passenger vehicles, medium passenger vehicles, monthly product sales have decreased by the same year, light passenger vehicle sales by the same percentage Market data: 3 June 2019
The impact of the subsidy policy is expected to pick up production in June. According to the new energy car subsidy in 2019, the share in circulation a/total equity (billions): near the end, the new energy bus crash is expected to provide a certain increase in the industry in June, and the company will be a guest.
The engine is expected to benefit, and the sales are expected to improve in May; on the other hand, the industry and companies are considered to have some negative effects. The product structure is expected to improve further with higher levels of research and development abroad.
Increased penetration, lower domestic demand for passenger vehicles, active company deployment of overseas markets, and rising offshore industries are expected to bring new increases to companies. On the other hand, the company’s continued increase in R & D costs, as well as its aggressive deployment of high-end products and forward-looking areas, are expected to raise the unit price of its products.
Improving the product system, restructuring the product structure, and thus increasing the competitiveness of companies. Investment advice: companies, as leaders in the bus industry, have higher overall security margins, build on ongoing research, invest in high-end products and overseas markets, and are expected to contribute to a sustained improvement in the product structure of companies.
The company's “uptake” rating is maintained at the 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, and the 28th China Sea State, Pé, 10.59/9.85/9.48th West Side Street, Beijing City.
Sanxi Securities Co. Ltd. Risks: significant changes in industrial policy: high-end products do not move as fast as expected: offshore business push is not 1. High base plus subsidy policy implications, corporate sales decline
In terms of sales, the monthly output of company buses fell by 40.57 per cent and 39.57 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year. Overall, there was a marked decline in the company ' s output in May, which we believe is mainly due to: 1) the overall pessimism of the car industry, which is compounded by the demand for iron and private cars, which has led to the downfall of the bus market as a whole; 2) the impact of the introduction of the new energy subsidy policy in 2018, earlier in the transition period
Over the past year, the company ' s sales of new energy passenger vehicles have increased significantly, leading to a higher overall base of sales over the same period last year: (iii) April was also affected by the transition period, with overdrafting of a portion of the demand for passenger vehicles and a higher overall base of sales.
On a vehicle-by-car basis, the monthly sales of large and medium passenger vehicles have decreased by 7.92 per cent and 9.82 per cent, respectively, and the sales of light passenger vehicles have decreased by 19.10 per cent and the sales have increased by 3.56 per cent, respectively.
The Division ' s ongoing research and development investment, its active deployment of high-end products and overseas markets, is expected to contribute to the continued optimization of the product structure of powerful companies and a steady increase in profitability. (2) High-end products are not as advanced as expected; and (3) offshore operations are not as advanced as expected.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.