Yearly review of car and car spare parts: Post-subsidization period, leading city share is expected to rise Events: company annual report 2018, gross operating income of $31.7 billion, year-on-year decline
New energy bus subsidies landed, and the market share will probably rise. New energy subsidies landed in 2019, and new energy buses dropped by about 58% from the 2018 subsidy base. This will exacerbate competition in the bus industry, which may face a new round of shuffling, and small bus businesses are being cleared out of the market, with one share.
In the post-subsidization era, we believe that the share of Utopia is expected to rise to more than 30%.
Subsidization downhill policy perturbations, a beautiful start for new energy passenger vehicles; a transition period for new energy subsidies, 26 March-25 June, is about to come when we expect the new energy bus to have total equity/flow (millions of shares) in the first half of the year.
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) of new energy buses has accelerated their export abroad and is far more profitable than home.
12 months of maximum/minimum ($) vehicles have been well-known in overseas markets, and countries like France, Germany, Chile, etc. have purchased Utun's electric buses. In the global market, companies have shown a very competitive advantage with Ben.
The Utun bus (600066), which is subsidized backhill impact, Volvo, etc., is competing. We expect the new energy buses to have a limited number of overseas export markets, and the future of new products to boost the profits of the overseas market.
The field is promising, helping to raise corporate profitability. A bus: the year of subsidy failure and reversal, 15 times the year's dynamic valuation, with a target market value of $37.5 billion, maintains a “buy-in” rating.
- 2018/04/03 Institute, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.