Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services Utility (000938.sz) Increase (downgrade) Network tap chip projection to further refine the industrial chain
The year-round growth was mainly due to better income structure and higher demand for cloud products and services. Digital infrastructure and services generated $35,831 million.
New Network Lead, digitized Chinese industry, $5.068 billion, mainly due to the expansion of the controlling subsidiary Xinhua III, and an increase in cash inflows. Xinhua Shunhua earned $36.799 billion throughout the year, an increase of 14.08 per cent over the same period, with operators and international business growing more strongly
The cloud-net-side-end-core industry chain continues to improve, and the pan-store product layout builds the protected river. R & D and channel advantage companies continue to refine the cloud-side-end-core industry chain, upgrading the cloud and intelligence core capabilities and landscape applications.
The processor chip is officially dropped, and a series of web products based on the network processor chip are expected to be released in q4 in 2021. As a leader of the national digital solution, in 2020, the Ethernet exchange, enterprise network routers, enterprise level wlan, x86 servers, storage, super-integrated, utm firewalls
The digitalization process has a large market, with strong downstream market demand and future profitability. The Chinese economy’s literal transformation has accelerated, with a projected digital economy of over 60 trillion yuan in 2022 and a gdp contribution exceeding its capacity.
50%. The future commercialization of 5g and the need for intelligent industries will result in an increase in flows, the explosion of data, the expansion of network equipment, and the build-up of peripheral computing will drive the growth of its infrastructure needs, such as servers, storage, etc., with infrastructure and service operations expected to maintain a growth rate of more than 15%.
(b) Unexpected expansion; management of risks; and continuous impact of the covid-19 epidemic on overseas demand.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment