Net profit in the three quarters of the year increased by 13 per cent, business related to the field of active deployment of robotics plus downstream new vehicle-type projects (Quest/Hover/Wide/Technology/Kryl, etc.) and corporate revenue increased by the same year
A complete restructuring of the client structure has been achieved (mainly from joint ventures such as the German solar system - the dominant-autonomous brand and the new energy clientele) and has entered a new growth cycle. Globalization has advanced, with new orders, new capacity, and new products constantly breaking.
In terms of capacity, the company, the Serbian star production, has been gradually released, registering the creation of the Mexican and American stars, and further improving the overseas layout. On August 20, 2025, the Star is a smart car.
The electronics and visual systems industry centre and the Benn Base project are officially launched, and the project will complete the post-natal period with the production capacity of approximately 10 million smart car lamps a year.
Pixel display interactive lamps based on miniled, uned and related control techniques, smart digital grids based on innovative materials and surface processing processes, carlight drives and controllers hcm/rcm/lcu/ldm and sensory integrated car lights self-closed loop systems, carlights and mobile aesthetics and collage
On April 23, 2025, Stars, Eurometallurgical Semiconductors and Crystal Photovoltaics.
On October 10th, 2025, the Changzhou Starbucket Corporation was founded and registered.
The net profit in four quarters is 34% higher than in the same year, and the headlights are worth $100 million. In addition, the STAR network has put out the direction of robotic recruitment, including the robotic joint model The net profit in three quarters is 22% higher than in the same year.
Group expert, robot development engineer, robot visual algorithm expert, robot architecture engineer, Starwoo (601799.sh) - Second quarter record-high, customer structure complete, robotic advanced algorithm engineer. 16 October 2025.
A strategic cooperation agreement, based on long-term cooperative benefits and complementarities, will allow for deep cooperation in three main areas, namely, human innovation, intellectual upgrading, and industrial chains. Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts that are better than market ratings.
A 13% increase in corporate revenue on a year-on-year basis has been achieved through sustained growth in the build-up of new downstream vehicle-type projects (Quest/Hover/Wide/Wide/Krypton, etc.). In summary, Starwoo experienced client transition pains in 2021-2023, and in 2024 it achieved a full restructuring of the client structure (from joint-venture clients such as the German solar system to major-autonomous brands and new energy customers).
(Major) and has entered a full new growth cycle. Figure 2: Quarterly operating income and rate of increase of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities and Quarters of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities and Queens of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities and Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities of Quantities and Net Interest Rates
Figure 6: Māori and net interest rates for the first quarter of the stock of the stock of the star, Figure 8: Changes in the cost of the fourth quarter of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the star at a slower rate than the car industry at 2.30 pct.
Toyota production, Toyota production, Red Flag production, desired production, argon production, East Wind production, and toyota production, respectively, are changing by comparison with figure 9: annual increases in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of growth in the Starwood stock camp.
At the end of the industry, the current technological trend towards electronics and intelligents. As the automotive industry moves towards electric and intelligent, automobile lamps evolve towards intelligent visual systems based on intelligent waves and bottom-level technological overlaps. Smart visual systems include, inter alia, front-light systems, tail-light systems, and interior-cam lights.
The system, the main technological upgrade, is intelligent and interactive, and is introduced through the integration of electronic hardware and software algorithms for more intelligent experience and emotional value. With regard to the front-light system, the adb front-light, the hd-adb front-light boosts driving safety and significantly improves the safety and experience of drivers and road traffic participants; dlp
The projector lights provide drivers and road traffic participants with a wealth of more intelligent experiences and scene interactions. On the taillights, the dynamic digital taillights include, but are not limited to, cross-cutting and display functions, taking into account beauty patterns, and are also significantly optimized in terms of road safety early warning and information exchange.
More intellectual, emotional communication, a more humane and emotional atmosphere, both inside and outside the vehicle, helps to regulate the mental state of drivers and passengers, and enhances the experience of traffic participants. As car lights continue to evolve towards intelligence and individualization, car manufacturers and consumers are paying increasing attention to car lights for vehicles.
In the light of consumer-specific demands, the indoor atmosphere has sprung up and became a new point of growth. At the same time, in the internal and external lighting system, the new product has become more intelligent, emotional, and car-building.
A more humane and emotional atmosphere, both internal and external, helps to regulate the mental state of drivers and passengers and to promote the experience of transport participants.
Figure 12: Vehicle front-light technology upgrade route Company end, product dimension enhancement new technology development application, customer dimensions continuously increase new energy vehicle project start-up Product dimensions, companies enhance new technology development and applications, and synergize through industrial chains (Rise soft horizon,
On the one hand, companies enhance the development and application of new technologies and build integrated suppliers of perception, lighting, display, projection and control systems, including, but not limited to: 1) smart headlights based on dlp, microlled and associated sensing integration technologies; 2) multi-dimensional development and application of systems based on miniled, und and related control technologies
(b) Innovative research and development of digital grids based on innovative materials and surface processing processes; (d) carlight drives and controllers hcm/rcm/lcu/ldm and sensor integrated vehicles;
Figure 15: Front lamps controllers Figure 16: Back lamps controllers, on the other hand, Stars shares are synergized through the industrial chain (Ion Soft, Horizon, Huayuan, Track Technology, Eurometallurgical Half)
On October 16, 2025, a smart robot was signed by Starwoo's share with the industry's leading general smart robot company, Car card robots, Inc. (“card shares”)
New, intelligent manufacturing upgrades, strategic cooperation agreements between the two sides, building on long-term cooperative yielding and complementarities, will work together in depth in three main areas, namely, intellectual robotic innovation, intellectual manufacturing upgrading, industrial chain synergies, and credit cards, to promote the integration of artificial intelligence with the auto industry and robotics.
On February 16, 2022, Changzhou Starlight Co. Ltd. and Hua Tsang Ltd. held a signing ceremony in Dongjung, China, on a letter of intent to cooperate in light-carrying operations. According to the agreement, the two sides will issue a letter of intent.
The two sides work together to build a strong strategic partnership for sustainable development, from design to manufacturing delivery end-to-end capabilities, leading the development of the smart car light industry, and creating a continuous lead intelligence in industry.
On the afternoon of December 18th, 2024, Star-Seam and Hua-Tech Ltd. held a signing ceremony for their partner, and he joined the Smart-Car-Solution Partnership.
We believe that dlp projector lamps are both an opportunity and a challenge for traditional car-light companies, that industrial chains are particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the light industry, and that the stars, in conjunction with companies such as upstream chips, soft algorithms, and based on their traditional structural, optical and electronic design advantages, are expected to be able to pre-empt production.
In addition, the stock of Star-woo, in close collaboration with Hwa's smart car selection model, is expected to be developed. Figure 17: Star-woo's share became China's preferred partner for smart car solutions.
On September 25th, 2023, at the China-Autumn All-Autumn Launch, the Director of Smart Motor Solutions announced that aito asked the flag ship suv model m9 was listed in December 2023, and described the supplier's offer of a full front-and-back light for the m9 model, which was developed autonomously by the company.
The multi-pixel adb system, in conjunction with the multi-degree dlp module developed jointly with China, allows precision shielding of forward vehicles and pedestrians, which greatly enhances the driver’s car safety experience. On April 16, 2025, the lead generation’s intelligence light was officially launched on the lead family’s flag ship of wisdom, Suv.
The light system is designed and developed from being a light controller for the brain to an executor's front and back. The pixel adb system, developed autonomously by the star, is controlled in conjunction with a million-pixel smart module solution system, which allows for forward vehicle precision adb functions, while supporting intelligent dynamic luminium, vpd berthings, games and hyperbolics.
On April 16, 2025, Expeditions 9 was officially released as the first administrative class of limousine, under the banner of the new energy source Hung Ming Ji-hwan and North Gas, and its innovative front-lighting system was built by the suspense stock.
Figure 18: Quest light before m9 Figure 19: Question light after m9 Figure 21: Quest light before 9
On April 23, 2025, at the Shanghai Car Show, a comprehensive strategic cooperation agreement was formally signed between the shares of Starwoo, Eurometallurgical semiconductors and crystallized photovoltaics. The three parties will work together in depth on the theme “Ecosystems of the whole autonomous industrial chain” and will share an ivisión light.
Eurometallurgical semiconductors drive industrial innovation, crystallized photovoltaics, and innovative lighting boundaries with advanced car chip-wide technology and cutting-edge chip programs. The three parties have reached a strategic cooperation agreement that integrates the industrial chain upstream and downstream advantage resources and forms a complete autonomous chain of industry that will help to raise the core competition in the Chinese automobile lighting chain.
Power. The Ivision light product is the central highlight of this collaboration. It combines the technical advantages of the three parties in their respective fields. It combines the global adb far-light, the first-ever closed-ring algorithm, the national production supply chain, the huge angle, the super brightness, the hyperpixel, and a full breakthrough in industry performance, bringing together the first-ever global traffic lights.
Specially designed soc chips and first national microled light chips, from algorithmic closed rings to optical lifts, give every beam of light the voice of indigenous technology. Figure 22: The Star works with Eurometallurgical and crystallized energy to achieve full strategic depth.
1) On October 10, 2025, the company was established with a registered capital of $100 million. The statutory representative is Zhou Woo-hyeong, Vice-Chairman of the company. The range of operations includes general projects: research and development of smart robots;
Sale of smart robots; manufacture of industrial robots; sale of industrial robots; installation, maintenance of industrial robots; development of mechanical equipment; sale of mechanical equipment; manufacture of mechanical electrical equipment; sale of mechanical electrical equipment; manufacture of service-free robots; sale of service consumer robots; technical services, technology development, technical advice, technology transfer
Flows, technology transfer, technology diffusion; integration services for application systems in the artificial intelligence industry; development of basic artificial intelligence software; sale of artificial intelligence hardware; development of artificial intelligence theory and algorithms software; development of artificial intelligence basic resources and technology platforms; development of artificial intelligence applications; integration of intelligent control systems; development of electrical machines and their control systems;
Industrial automatic control system installation manufacturing; auto parts and components manufacturing; electronic components manufacturing; general ready manufacture (excluding special equipment manufacturing); electronic products marketing; servo control agency manufacturing; servo control machine construction sales; computer hardware and assistive equipment retailing; goods import and export; technology import and export (except as required by law).
In addition to the projects approved, business activities are carried out on an autonomous basis by means of a business licence, in accordance with the law.
These include robotic joint module specialists, robot development engineers, robot visual algorithms technical experts, robot architecture engineers, robotics advanced algorithm engineers.
1. To lead technology planning and cutting-edge technological exploration to resolve major technical challenges and build a team technical system; 2. To develop a long-term road map for robotic joints modules to track relevant cutting-edge technologies;
1. Responsible for the forward development of robots and their related products, for the manufacture of bulk imports and for the adaptation, re-engineering and upgrading of products; 2. Responsible for the management of the progress of project development of robots and their associated products;
1. Leading technology planning and cutting-edge technology exploration, solving major technological challenges, building team technology systems 2. Developing medium- and long-term road maps for machine visual technology, tracking top-level technology such as cvpr/icra
1. Structural design, 3-D modelling and 2-D engineering mapping of the main robotics and core modules (e.g. joint modules, end-of-pipe implementing agencies); 2. Simulation and optimization of participation in structural programmes, including static, kinetic, model and fatigue analysis, to achieve light quantification, high strength and high reliability
1. Independently responsible for the architecture, technology development and cross-team collaboration of the visual modules of complex human robotics, facilitating the evolution of algorithm products.
The company (“carat shares”) has signed a strategic cooperation agreement whereby the two sides will rely on long-term cooperative yielding and complementarities, with deep cooperation in three main areas, namely, intellectual robotic innovation, intellectual upgrading, industrial chains, and the promotion of the integration of artificial intelligence with the auto industry, and robotics.
And the resource advantages of their respective fields, the collaboration between the Seng Woo shares and the stock of the cards will be organized around three central directions: first, joint innovation in the field of intimacy, the development of a single intuitive smart terminal for "sense-light-show-project-interact" and the promotion of an interactive landscape of smart robots; and, second, the integration of robots with the ai algorithm.
To promote innovative applications of smart products in intelligent manufacturing such as auto parts and components: Three are to actively share technical standards and scene data, to promote nationalization of core components of smart robots upstream and downstream application landscape innovation, to create a closed ring ecology of “technology R & D - scene validation - bulk application” and to promote a synergistic upgrading of the industrial chain.
This strategic collaboration will provide an opportunity to actively embrace the historic opportunity of integrating artificial intelligence with the auto industry, robotics, and the continuous breakthroughs in technology development, landscapes and upgrading of the industrial chain to inject new dynamic energy into the high-quality development of intelligent manufacturing domains.
Figure 25: Strategic cooperation agreements signed between Star Woo shares and stock cards Order dimensions, with high quality new projects providing strong guarantees for the future development of the company. In the first half of 2025, the company took over 52 new vehicle-type research and development projects from multiple clients, resulting in 37 new projects
Car-type project batches; some of the projects have generated high interest in the market and have amply demonstrated the company’s combined strength as a leading provider of light solutions. Research and development for new high-quality projects provide client dimensions for the company’s future development, and companies continue to scale up new energy vehicle-type projects.
In the first half of 2022, the number of new energy-car projects undertaken by the company was about 40%, and the quality of the new projects provided strong guarantees for the company’s future development. Currently, the company’s clients cover the German public, the single-bumper public, the uppercomer, the Daimler, the Beijing Mercedes, the German BMW, the General Motor, the upper motor, the Japanese.
There are a number of domestic and foreign car-building enterprises, including Bentota, Toyota, Hirotota, Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese citizen, Japanese Chinese, Chili, Chiri, Idea, Ulen, Peng, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, Cyrus, and some of the country's well-known new energy companies.
On July 2, 2024, 2024 Mass Automobile Group Providers' Congress was held in Wolfsburg, Germany, and Starwoo's shares were awarded the highest honour award by the Mass Motors Group, the Volkswagengroup Award. As a partner with the Mass Motors Group, the Starwoo team has been working for 25 years.
The award is a tribute to the high-quality service that Starwoo provides to mass automobile groups, as well as full recognition of the company’s domestic and Serbian factories, and an incentive to accelerate the globalization of its operations and its development, and to further enhance the company’s international competitiveness.
On September 20, 20, 2024, a partnership meeting was held on the theme “Future, up, up, up” at Hoyoshi City, Anhui Province. Star-woo shares were invited to the meeting, and for the second year in a row, 2024 dollars in quality were awarded the Viet Nam Partnership Award (nqpp).
The full-scale quality assessment award, also the highest recognition of partners, is the most heavy-weight award awarded each year to partners. On 14 October 2024, the Global Partnership Assembly of the ideal car was rekindled at the U-Hin Hotel in Changzhou in 2024.
All right, representatives from government and related enterprises at home and abroad come together to talk about development and two-way empowerment.
On 9 January 2025, the Year of Car Business, 2025 Chiri, under the theme “Kiju State, the wise to win the future”, was re-opened in Lake An Queyu, with the share of Star Woo invited to participate, and was awarded the highest award of the Cherie Car's Best Vendor Award.
On January 20, 2025, with the theme “Riving to the New Way”, the Partners Conference was re-established in Jiangsu Salt City. Star-woo shares were invited to the meeting and won an annual top prize in the run-up to the New Penten-Kinding Award.
Figure 26: Starwoo won the Mass Motors Award, Figure 27: Public Worldwide only 10 vendors won the Award. Figure 28: Starwoo won the Cherie Motors Award.
Figure 29: At present, the company is gradually releasing its capacity in Serbia to host the client globalization project in collaboration with its headquarters.
On the morning of August 20th, 2025, the S.A.I.E.C.E.E.E.E.S. and the Benn Base project was launched.
The full-scale completion of the project will result in an annual production capacity of about 10 million smart car lamps, a significant increase in company digitized and intelligent manufacturing, and an effective solution to the capacity gap over the next 5-10 years, which will provide a solid foundation for the company ' s long-term development.
In addition, companies are deeply engaged in digital change. Companies are continuing to deepen the digital transformation of “product R & D integration, supply chain integration, business finance integration, smart manufacturing integration” to create high-quality, efficient,