Brands have been very effective in upwards and globalization, with short-term profit loads - three-quarter performance evaluation in 2025 The Great Wall Car (stock code: 601633.sh)
Events: q3 company reports issued in the third quarter of 2025, with 61,247 million yuan in operating income, compared to the same amount of cash, high-end strategies working, new energy and overseas dual-engine drivers, q3 driving a quarterly increase in the average price of bicycles.
An average of $173.2 million per bicycle, equal to +0.3 per cent, ring to 3.6 per cent) and an increase of 96.35 per cent in sales in the first three quarters of Wei, tank branding enhanced high-end cross-country positioning through new tanks 500, tanks 400, etc.
Qin Qin Qin Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan Quan is increasing. 2) For new energy sources, q3 sold 118,000 vehicles, +49.2 per cent, +20.6 per cent, 33.4 per cent of the company's sales, +2.1 pct, sales of new energy vehicles in the previous three quarters.
27.85 million vehicles, or 31.67 per cent more than the previous year, accounted for 30.2 per cent of the increase; mixed models accounted for nearly 90 per cent of new energy sales. 3) Overseas markets, with 50,000 sold overseas in the first month of January, and Brazilian factories launched the “Ecologic Outing” campaign. On 16 August, Brazilian factories completed their work and irradiated the Latin American market, promoting Hafeh 6,
In the first three quarters of the Australian market, 393,000 vehicles were sold, with 4.3% of the city, to the top of the Chinese brand. Fluctuations in exchange gains and losses affect short-term profitability, q3 profits are short-term pressure, and the scale effects drive.
The cost rate continues to be optimized, with q3 accelerating the construction of direct lines (dtc), increasing the promotion of new vehicles and upgrading of cards, with an increase of 55.5 per cent in sales and $6,636 million in R&D costs. On the other hand, the ring ratio is negative and largely affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations.
The scale effect of the upgrade is expected to be optimized, with a downward trend in the trouped portion of the Māori rate and exchange gains and losses expected to continue the new high-yielding cycle, which is expected to boost the firm ' s resilience: since 2025, companies have entered the new high-yielding cycle, issuing high-mount 8, high-mount 9, new tanks 500, tanks 300hi4-t, second-generation lords.
New vehicles such as Ronmax, mixed heavy card g 1050 are well on the market, with 8/9 September sales in the high mountains close to 8,000, driving the monthly average sales of the Wey medals to continue to break out of 10,000, and the high mountain 7 came to the market on October 15th to complete the high-end mpv product matrix; the new 500 tanks are on the market for two hours, with 12,257 lock-ups, all new ones.
Tank 400 was opened for sale on 21 October, adding a hi4-z model with a coffeepilotultra system to provide full-scale coverage in the city of noa, high-speed noa; Havtunghi4 was marketed on 19 August and sold in September; Eura new platform model Eura 5 appeared on 22 September, based on a full new level.
Four quarters of the market is expected to focus mainly on de-stocking and the acceptance of hi4 technology. Looking ahead, in 2026, the company is expected to continue to complete four major brands: Hafer, Tank, Ora, Wey, a product matrix, a new platform and smartness, a continuum of new energy technologies, company high-end and newer.
The energy transformation process is expected to continue steadily, leading to an increase in the scale effect and the risk of increased corporate resilience and competition. Since this year, the stock of fuel trucks in the company has been running for 85 days, with a commitment to producing the present report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of ensuring the quality of services, controlling investment risks, and, if you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, first contacting the sales department or customer manager of the Galaxy securities agency, completing the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.