(b) Quarterly reports issued by Chinese vessels (600150.sh) in 2022, which increased the company ' s operating income by 0.96 per cent over the reporting period;
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 1,463 million yuan, an increase of 256 per cent over the same year; the net profit withheld was either a pick-up point for revenue and performance or had already appeared. In the first half of the year, the Shanghai region was hit by a new coronary pneumonia epidemic, and products such as ships faced serious challenges in delivering at the planned node, with companies earning 23,975 million yuan.
The market data: 28 October 2022 may have passed. The company began to make steady progress in the three quarters of the year.
Construction proceeded in an orderly manner, with new orders gradually entering the delivery settlement after the price of new ships rose in 2021 The currenta/total equity (billions): Four quarters of the company's operating income and the Māori rate are expected to continue to pick up.
The market value of a share in circulation (billions): New orders are back up again. New ship orders in the first half of the year are heavily affected by the epidemic, among other things.
The company ' s overall upgrading of the billing system to diversify, intelligently and to take advantage of the warming opportunities of the ship industry has resulted in continued high quality and efficient delivery of orders, taking into account the fact that the schedule for the company ' s ship delivery has been extended to 2026 Basic data: 30 September 2022
In October, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Jiangnan, built a new ship, with a total of about $1 billion. On the shipping market, the price of the three-quarter shipment fell sharply, but the oil went down.
With high transport prices, high gas levels, and a rapid recovery in dry bulk transport, we believe that the overall sea market will continue for some time, that a new upturn in the shipbuilding industry has begun, and that firm orders and performance are expected to grow rapidly in 2023.
Li Koo-Juan maintains the "buy-a" rating. Global shipping keeps up, the ship-building industry goes up, and the prices of new ships continue to rise.
We believe that the company’s performance for the next three years is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with a further upturn in the company’s profit forecast, projected for 2022-2024. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use information held in his or her identity, position or practice for his or her own personal gain or for the personal gain of another person.