The profit-end growth is lower than expected, and the wind engine (600893.sh) is a cause for concern.
19.1 per cent increase; net return to the mother is 1,188 million yuan, an increase of 3.63 per cent over the same period.
1) According to the sub-business, the demand of downstream customers has increased and the company ' s aviation engine and derivatives business has earned $31,885 million (Yoy+21.87%). The shipping business is the company ' s main business, with 93.5% revenue. The increase in the share of new products has resulted in a decrease in the Māori rate of the business as a result of the restructuring of the product.
The Māori rate has had an impact, but in the long term it is the main engine for corporate performance, contributing to stabilizing the market position of the company. Moreover, with the accumulation of new product volumes, the scale effect has accumulated, the Māori ratio of the product has decreased by RMB billion, by 14.42 per cent, and non-avigational products and other businesses have achieved income of RMB 489 million.
The total profit was 563 million yuan (yoy+18.2 per cent), of which the company's cash flow for aviation engines and derivatives improved markedly and the cost rate fell over the period. The company received a relative depth of 300 per cent in 2021.
Client advances have increased significantly, with operating cash flows of $16.7 billion (yoy+362.9%), and improvements have been evident. At the same time, financial costs (yoy-76.1%) have been significantly reduced due to sufficient cash flows.
The sales cost rate is 1.4%, an increase of 0.4 pct over the same period. The management costs and R & D costs are relatively stable, with a projected sales value of $18 billion in 22 years in connection with the airline industry group, which is better than in 21 years. The current inventory is $20.5 billion, an increase of 9.5% compared to the beginning of the period, of which raw materials, in the same product, are the same.
The price is 71x, 57x and 47x. The company, as the civil aviation engine of the national army, is extremely scarce and keeps its future in view and maintains a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. 8 years of work in securities, a Master of Business Administration from Qinghua University, who worked in China, joined Galaxy securities in 2015.
Four honors.