\triangleright et al. We think that these factors will put pressure on corporate profitability in the short term, but in the medium and long term, the public sector still has a lot of flexibility.
\triangleright is mainly due to increased costs. In a single quarter, the company collected 2,021q1~q4:1 at $3.74 billion and 1 billion, respectively.
Between YOON and 12.0 per cent, this is due to an increase in the share of new products with a low Māori rate; and) 1.29 billion, yoy-14.4 per cent, of export earnings from foreign trade, mainly from clients affected by the epidemic, delaying delivery or cancellation of orders.
The cost rate for the period has declined for five consecutive years; the balance sheet reflects the industry ' s high profile.
Impairment is the main factor affecting profits. In 2021, the company prepared $490 million for impairment of assets, $796.12 million for loss of value, such as design modifications; semi-finished products and products in product replacement, structure, etc.
Adjustments amounting to $6.0414 million; inventory amounting to $180 million for product renewal, etc.; 3) commissioning loans amounting to $959.60 million, which is the subject of insolvency proceedings by the subsidiary Yoshida, which is expected to be uncollectible; and investment proposals: the company is the leader of our aviation engine and the only country that can develop turbojets, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes, etc.
\triangleright vortex, vortex, piping, piston, etc., is an aeronautic engine enterprise.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.