Aerial dynamics (600893) 2021 Report Review: Rates of surge, expected scale effects Industry classification: F-FDTL workers
\triangleright \triangleright harvests are growing at a steady rate, product delivery is increasing; the rate of Māori is declining and the rate of profit is increasing at a slower rate
In terms of Māori, the growth in the size of the company ' s business, the restructuring of its products, the increase in the share of new products and the faster increase in the cost of doing business are coupled with a 65.27 per cent increase in the share of direct materials in the total cost of operating costs, plus 2.18 pcts, an increase in the price of raw materials or some impact on the company ' s Māori ratio.
The cost of the company ' s three fees has changed considerably, financial costs have decreased by $234 million, and sales costs have increased by $139 million over the previous year, mainly because of a decrease in social security benefits, amortization of intangible assets and sub-operations, with revenue from aviation engine manufacturing and derivatives operating at $31,885 million.
(+21.87 per cent) with a revenue ratio of 93.50 per cent, with a continuing focus on the main industries; foreign trade sub-contracting production camps cancelled or delayed and foreign trade sub-contracting continued to contract; non-aerial products and other business ventures with revenues of $489 million (-17.55 per cent) and traditional non-aerial business markets not being competitive and facing competition
Large pressure, followed by a firm’s strategy to shrink low-value-added products. From the subsidiary’s dimensions, SMS has continued to grow steadily at dawn; Leyang and the South have seen no gains and profit margins decline.
10 series of engines, widely equipped with many of our high-performance military aircraft, with operating income of $18,635 million (+17.05 per cent), with total profits of $563 million (+18.17 per cent), sustained growth rate of 3.02 per cent (+0.03 pcts). The main products of Southern companies are vortex 8, vortex 6 and pistons, etc., which are widely applied to helicopters of all types, with operating income of $8,031 million (+11.70 per cent) and profits of $316 million (-9.02 per cent).
• Aerial engine leaders, whose short-term product restructuring affects profitability; long-term growth logic is clear. Air engine technology is a manifestation of the status of the major powers and combined national power, a strategic high point in modern aviation technology, an essential element of modern defence, and an important support for economic and social development. Externally, our aviation engine development is still at a more advanced level than the world.
The gap, the level of development of aviation engines, lags behind the development needs of aviation equipment and does not fully meet the needs of the civil-military market, and the international pattern of the aviation engine industry has yet to change fundamentally. Domestically, the accelerated phase-out of domestic aeronautics will result in an accelerated phase-out of one or two generations of aircraft, a stable three-generation batch, delivery, four-generation development, and five-generation pre-research offers a good opportunity to develop the company’s military air engine product.
The company is the only company in the country that can develop a full spectrum of military aviation engines, such as vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, piston, etc., and is the only platform for the overall listing of aviation power in China. At the international level, the company is one of the few companies that can develop air engine products autonomously.
The company has a larger market share and a higher brand recognition, which is influenced by long product development cycles, technological difficulties, and high input costs. But the company will maintain a sustained and stable growth trend over the long term.
The upgrading of the Division’s product structure and the continuous improvement of its personnel structure will contribute significantly to the continued improvement of the quality of the company’s economic performance. Air engine technology is a manifestation of the status and integration of the country’s power forces, which, in the light of trends in domestic aerodynamic equipment, will result in an accelerated phase-out of one or two generations, a steady delivery of three generations, a four-generation development, and a five-generation advancer, the company being the only fully fledged military aviation in the country.
The engine development and production companies, the single platform company with the air power industry as a whole, will be in a state of opportunity. We expect the company’s operating revenues for 2022-2024 to be $40,290 million, $48,130 million and $57,535.6 million, respectively.