A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
LONGi – A (601012 CH)
2Q20 results beat; shipment growth to offset
BUY (Up)
Target Price
RMB72.40
(Previous TP
RMB31.23)
LONGi delivered outstanding 1H20 results. 2Q20 net profit was RMB2,252mn,
Up/Downside
+15.0%
Current Price
RMB62.96
up 61.1% YoY, refreshing quarter earnings new high. Strong earnings was mostly
driven by module external shipment growth by 140.2% to 4.7GW during the
quarter, while we estimate GPM of mono-wafer sales were above 30% despite
China Solar Sector
continuous price cut in Apr-May. Looking ahead to 2H20, though uncertainties
Robin Xiao
appear to increase with pricing and costs fluctuation, we think LONGi will likely
offset those impacts through accelerating shipment growth. We raise FY20-22E
EPS forecast by 39.9% - 54.8% to RMB2.08/2.58/3.12. Our TP is lifted to
RMB72.40 based on 28.1x FY21E PER. Upgrade to BUY rating.
■ 2Q20 results beat. 2Q external module shipment surged 106.2% YoY to
4,708MW, while external wafer shipment stay relatively flat at 1,112mn pieces,
down 5.0% YoY. The Company recognized RMB406mn impairment losses
mainly from RMB427mn for Taizhou and Chuzhou plants, and largely offset
by RMB296mn gain from solar farm disposal and RMB153mn financial income
from excess cash management. Net interests gain was recorded for the
consecutive second quarter, as LONGi maintained in a net cash position. For
1H20, net profit was RMB4,116mn, up 104.8% YoY, significantly higher than
ours and market estimates.
Strong overseas module shipment sustained excellent profitability.
Share Performance
LONGi realized wafer/module external shipment of 2.47bn piece/6.58GW in
1H20, up 14.9%/106.2% YoY. Module sales was a highlight as LONGi had 52%
module shipped to overseas market, and US module sales offered explicit high
margin with significantly higher ASP (+RMB30-50cents vs. domestic spot price.)
Wafer sales recorded high GPM at ~40% in 1Q20, and we estimate wafer sales
Source: Bloomberg
GPM was above 33% though experienced continuous price cut in Apr-May. In
a challenging environment came with impacts from COVID-19, LONGi still
12-mth Price Performance
maintained smooth sales with limited impacts on profitability, in our view.
■ Price/costs impacts to be offset by shipment growth. Recent price/costs
fluctuate along the PV supply chain had brought impacts to wafer margin and
module demand uncertainties. Based on current pricing structure, wafer GPM
declined to ~24% by end-Aug, according to our estimate. We are not over concern
on the short term turbulence, as LONGi has state of the art PERC cell (efficiency
at 23%), leading product costs structure, and strong overseas module sales
network. In 2H20, we expect LONGi to meet its sales target, implying
74.8%/156.4%, which we see strong enough to offset price/costs impacts.
Auditor: PwC
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Raise TP to RMB72.40, upgrade to BUY. We overestimate price and margin
impacts to LONGi brought by COVID-19 in our previous estimate. In extremely
challenging context in 2018-2020 (such as Chinese government's 5.31 policy
in 2018, project approval delay in 2019, and COVID-19 disruption in 2020),
solar demand was resilient on the track with continuous improving cost
competitiveness comparing with other energy type. We expect global solar
demand to restore its booming track from 2H20. Based on 1H20 operating
and financial updates, we raise LONGi's FY20-22E EPS estimates by
39.9%/42.9%/54.8% to RMB2.08/2.58/3.12. Our TP, based on FY21E 28.1x,
is raised to RMB72.40. We upgrade LONGi from Hold to BUY.
Risk factors: 1) cell technology upgrade to HJT at faster-than-expected pace;
and 2) short of Poly-Si to support capacity expansion in 2021E.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 2: LONGi's 2Q20 and 1H20 results summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.