Food and beverage food processing Double-sink development dynamic assessment: new products at lower cost, year-round performance prospects, one-quarter downs with incidental factors, year-round performance targets unchanged
The decline in performance in the first quarter was mainly due to the early spring season, which was shorter than in previous years, with sales falling more than in January/February and almost normal in March. The sum of frozen goods in the first quarter increased, and imports increased more than in the same year.
Changes are expected to result in double-digit increases in slaughter, a certain level of growth in meat products, and a sustained increase in profits. The situation in April is not so unusual.
The impact of the drop is yet to be seen. Overall, the fall in prices for pigs is favourable to both sinks. The slaughter is growing faster, and it is expected to grow faster in the future.
Total equity/flow (millions) is in place and the time is ripe for future development, and it is hoped that the slaughter business will be able to achieve total market value/flow (millions)
This year, the Ministry's performance requirements were strengthened, in principle, by double-digit growth. The two-sinks have completed the country's production profile, and they have sufficient capacity to respond to The Double-Sink Development Quarterly: Slaughter Shrimp.
The price of pigs is about to rise, the price of pigs is about to fall, and the price of pigs will fall in the future.
The decline in annual costs depends on the decline in the price of pork chicken.
This year’s trend in pig prices has recently become clear, and the year after May and June the price of pig prices will become clear. It is expected that prices will remain on the decline overall next year.
And the farmers still have profit margins and prices can still be reduced. These factors help the pig price to keep going down.
The first is to maintain a steady high temperature and moderate growth in high-temperature products. High-temperature products will be phased out, and the development of medium- and high-quality improved high-temperature products will create a replacement for the old ones.
In the near future, companies will launch a number of products with a higher technology content, which they want to produce. These products are high-temperature products that can circulate in warmer temperatures, higher technology levels, and higher thresholds for the development of competitions.
The second is the upper-temperature, and the development of American- and Western-style products. The development of foreign markets has proved that low-temperature products are trends. At present, in Shanghai, low-temperature products exceed high-temperature products.
Now that the US-based products of companies are being promoted, brands need to be cultivated, and consumers need time to accept them. But the evolution of the US market has proven market patterns, and American-style products have been developed in a clear way.
Three are developing products. Chinese products include conventional hoofs, chicken wings, prunes, and so on. They are also moving towards halogenated products.
The technology centre is close to the market, targeting new products, and the technology centre has been restructured and has set up several technology centres in Sichuan, Guangdong, Kyoto, etc.
These technologies, which are close to local markets, facilitate familiarity with local conditions, and help to introduce regional-appropriate companies that have established specialized units and offices throughout the country specializing in electricity, leisure and catering channels.
The rapid recovery in slaughter and the continuing fall in pig prices have greatly benefited the company’s meat products. The meat industry has contributed most of the company’s Māori, and the recovery will undoubtedly significantly improve the company’s profitability.
In recent years, the share of low-temperature meat products in companies has been increasing, and the structure of the public sector’s products has been improving in combination with the introduction of new products. And companies are actively exploring new marketing models for new channels.
We expect companies to increase their operating income at a rate of 8 per cent and 7 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2017-18, with net profits high, an improved external environment, a strong industry niche, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings, targets, increased competition in the market, higher costs, and food safety.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.