The industry core, the country's high-end computing ecology, and the industry's high-end computing ecology, which keeps the "buy-in" rating.
The company is committed to breaking through the core key technology of high-end computing based on state-of-the-art processors, and the country’s high-end computing is becoming more eco-friendly. At the same time, the sealight server performance and ecological advantages stand out, and we believe that the company will benefit fully from the development of the industry.
41.7, 30.7 and 22.6 times higher than comparable corporate valuations, taking into account the company's leading position in the area of industry credit giving a certain valuation premium and maintaining a “buy-in” rating. • Sealight information is on the market soon, and companies are expected to benefit from a revaluation of value
The main products of the sea light information are the Sealight General Processor (cpu) and the Sea Light Association Processor (dcu). The current commercialization of the Sea Lightcpu series of products, Hailight I and II, is widely applied in the fields of telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, and transport.
Sealight Four is in the research and development stage. Sealight dcu series products have already been produced in small volumes, and Sealight 2 is in the research and development phase. In 2019-2021, sealight information achieved revenue of 3.79, and in 2021 successfully lost profits, resulting in net profit to mothers of 327 million yuan.
With 32.1 per cent of the company now holding shares in the Sealight Information, the company is expected to have a strong advantage in such areas as finance, telecommunications, etc., and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the sector, where the X86-structured sealight servers dominate the market by ecological and high performance.
According to our statistics on open tendering, the company recently won a large list of Chinese banks, Shanghai Po-Fai Bank, Hing, Corporate Information Updates - Performance Supermarket Pre-Bank, Zhang Ka-O-Bank, and others. Previously, a server for 2021-2022 was released in China Telecom.
During the period, high-end computational ecology of national production was gradually improved - 72% of sealight servers in national production servers in the prequalification bulletin for centralized procurement projects were fully demonstrated by the company’s competitiveness in the area of industrial innovation. We believe that sealight information will benefit highly from it.
The company update report, Sealight Information iposen, has developed a credit market that is growing at a sustained rate. Please accept, accelerate the development of advanced computing ecology.
China's leadership in the digital economy infrastructure is a national high-technology enterprise founded by the Chinese Academy of Sciences and based on the major research results of the national “863” programme. After more than 20 years of development, companies compute, store, secure, and data at the top.
Areas such as the Centre, with its deep technological accumulation and leading market share, take full advantage of high-end computing, technology development in cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and the creation of computing industry ecology, provide solid and credible support for scientific research and innovation, industrial information development, industrial transformation upgrading, and digital economic development.
The company’s controlling shareholders are the Chinese source of accounting, the actual controlling person is the Chinese comptoir, and indirectly holds 18.36% of the company’s equity. The company’s actual controlling person’s calculations have sufficient academic and scientific strength and industrial experience, and the company is the focus of the Chinese Academy of Sciences’ “Leadering Action Plan”
The company is China’s top-notch manufacturer. One of the world’s largest authoritative meetings in the field of high-performance computing, the Interstate High-Performance Computing Conference, published the Global Supercomputer Top 500 list semi-annually, in June 2021.
In the published list, China’s Federation of Producers, Waves, Dawn, etc., the company ranked first in the top 500 (by system) list of global supercomputers nine times in China’s top 100 share of high-performance computers in 2018.
In the list, the company won the first share of the list with 40 systems, the ninth time after the top eight consecutive years of the list, from 2009 to 2016. China’s super-calculation system and a prototype of high-performance computers with high-performance grades at the China Meteorological Service were among the top of the list.
Figure 4: Company share of 100hpc plant systems in China, 2018. Figure 5: Company share of 100hpc plant systems in China, 2021
Team, a continuous breakthrough in big storage core technology, has accumulated more than 200 distributed core storage technology patents. The “parastor distributed storage system” developed by China Sunlight has been in the top two rankings in the idc country for six years.
Block storage system xstor, also added to the top five of the idc-distributed block market at 5.1% of the market share. In 2020, the Dawn Distributed Storage System supported the deployment of more than 13,000 nodes in a single project with a storage capacity of over 200pb, leading the industry out of storage capacity and performance limits again, and Central Light is becoming the largest in the country.
Maker of storage capacity, fastest storage performance. Figure 6: Lead in the Dawn Parastor distributed storage system energy industry. Figure 7: 2021h1 Top 5 in China's software definition storage market
The growth in short-term income is influenced by a higher historical rate of growth. Between 2014 and 2018, the Industry and Security Service of the Ministry of Corporate Commerce was included in the “Entity List.” Since then, the company has been optimizing its business structure, with a net return profit of $1,135 million expected to be achieved, an increase of 37.98 per cent over the previous period, with a sustained profit performance.
Figure 8: Corporate business income growth has been relatively stable since 2019, business structures have been optimized, and the Māori rate has been rising. Since 2019, corporate business priorities have been refocused, business structures have been improved, and the share of low Māori universal servers in revenue has been declining year by year, thus promoting Māori.
Rates are rising and performance is back on track. Figure 10: Sustained optimization of corporate income structure since 2019 (in billions of yuan) Figure 11: Rapid increase in corporate Māori rates and net interest rate levels since 2019
The sealight server in the x86 structure has a prominent advantage in the trade, and the middle light is the first shareholder in the sealight information, with a 32.1 per cent share in the capital stock of Chengdu (with limited capital, limited investment in the capital stock, limited investment in the capital product, limited investment in the product capital, and limited concentration in the product base, with a single actor) is the second largest shareholder, with a combined share in the stock share.
Figure 14: China Light is the first major shareholder of sealight information. The main business of sealight information is to develop, design and sell high-end processors for application to servers, workstations, etc., in storage. Products include the sealight generic processor (cpu) and the sea light processor (dcu).
Sealight cpu series products have been commercialized for applications such as telecommunication, finance, the Internet, education, and transport. Meanwhile, Sealight III is in the validation phase, and Sealight IV is in the research and development phase. Sealight dcu series products have been produced in small quantities, and Deep Count II is in the research and development phase.
Sealight cpu with performance and ecological advantages. (1) Performance advantages: first generation, second generation cpu and first generation dcu products are performing at the same international level as mainstream high-end processors of the same type and are in the vanguard at the domestic level. (2) Ecological advantages: Sealight cpu compatible X86 command set, processor performance parameters are of the same international type
The mainstream processor products are comparable, supporting mainstream operating systems, databases, virtualized platforms or cloud computing platforms, both domestically and internationally, and are effectively compatible with the millions of existing system and application software based on the x86 command set, with excellent ecosystem advantages.
Sealight Servers based on x86 structures have a strong advantage in the industry. As they advance in key infrastructure industries, more leading domestic firms develop eco-building and adaptation based on high-end sealight processors, operating systems, databases, intermediates, cloud computing platform software, an artificial intelligence technology framework and programming environment, core
Research and development, mutual certification and continuous optimization of industrial applications, the development of an internationally influential set of national whole-systems, basic software and applications, which are now autonomous in key areas of the national economy, such as finance, telecommunications, transport, etc. The initial formation of a fully developed national production of software and hardware ecological chains based on sealight cpu and sealight dcu.
Sealight information is now well on hand orders. The main clients of Sealight Information have been awarded a number of major industry projects, including: China Mobile, China Telecommunications, China Connected Servers, centralized procurement; China Business Bank, Bank of China, Bank of China, and China Agricultural Bank Server Procurement; Tents, ants Gold Clothes Procurement Project; and data centre construction at Shanxi University.
On 31 January of that year, the sealight message was ordered at $2.107 billion, according to a pre-qualification announcement issued by China Telecom on the centralized purchase of servers for the period 2021-2022, of which 141799 in the medium-i series (Intel), 4800 in the a series (amd), and 4 800 in the g series (single or sealight or fly).
53401, for a total of 200,000. Nationally produced servers accounted for 26.7% of the total bids, with 72% of the sealight servers in national production servers. Sealight information has developed rapidly since 2017, with the first profit/loss balance achieved in 2021.
The rapid growth in the income from sealight information is largely due to the widespread recognition of the products of the sealight high-end processors in the domestic industry, the gradual development of well-known domestic server producers such as wave, conjecture, Xinhua, co-opt, and the issuance of multiple sea-light-based servers, which effectively contribute to the industrialization of the sea light high-end processors. (2) The sea
With a relatively stable rate of Maori, Māori will increase gradually in the main business of the Māori Information Camp, where the overall performance of the GWIS in 2021 will be reversed and net profit will be $327 million.
Figure 17: Sealight Information for the first time achieved a balance of gains and losses in 2021,3 advanced computing leadership consolidated, industrial eco-promotion projects mobilized $4.78 billion for high-end computer ecology in the country.
The pooled funding project is dedicated to the development of high-end computers, io chips and io modules, bottom-level control solids (bios and bmc, etc.) based on home-grown processor chips, facilitating the break-through of high-end computer wholes based on home-grown processors, and high-end computers based on home-grown processor chips.
The company will develop high-end computer systems and design high-end computer products with internationally advanced high-performance workstations, peripheral servers, artificial intelligence servers, storage servers, multi-node servers, etc., based on national processor chips based on x86, mics, arm structures, etc.
Specifications, different forms, broad-covering high-end computer solutions. Io modules are to be developed in a series of Io modules (with corresponding io chips) that are an integral part of a high-end computer system, and their integration into a high-end computer system.
US companies are in the leading position in the world in areas such as mainstream iio chips, integrated io modules, pcieio modules, webio modules. The company intends to develop a series of io modules (with corresponding io chips) that will be compatible with various types of cpu from home and abroad and can be used as standard pcie devices across platforms;
The project products are divided into io chips, generic io modules, and safety io modules The advantages of the company: the technical difficulties of developing io chips and io modules include high-speed io chip design,
High-speed Io signal integrity technology, small-scale Io module heat radiation technology, high-density card-layout technology, etc. In 2017, the company, with the approval of the National Development Commission, led the establishment of the National Engineering Laboratory for Advanced Microprocessor Technologies, which has conducted extensive research on chip architecture, chipi/o, telecommunications interconnection, complex soc design.
The company is one of the first manufacturers in the country to do high-end computing, with a wealth of product R & D and product movement in various Io card and Io module designs.
The built-in active control solids are at the bottom of the high-end computer system, with direct access to and control of processors and operating systems, which have a significant impact on the safety of upper-level applications of processors. The built-in active control solids are made up of bios start solids and bmc managed solids. Bios (basicinputoutputsystem) solids are a set of solids.
A system program that is integrated into a storage chip on the computer's main board, which is essential for the normal initialization, start-up and operation of the computer system, is a key element in achieving the security, reliability, etc. of the computer system. The bmc solid is a set of systems that are solidified into a storage chip on the server's main board.
The program, which is the server's basic core functional subsystem, is responsible for the server's core functions of hardware state management, operating system management, health state management, power management, etc., allowing remote control of the server, almost complete control over the server system as a whole, and is the core common technology of the server and cloud computing industry.
Fig. 18: Bios solid is a set of solidified systems stored on the computing device's main plate.
The system programs in the chip are currently globally dominated by X86 architecture bios solidware products and technologies that have long been monopolized in the United States, in the hands of ami, phoenix, and insyde companies in Taiwan, China. Multi-structured bios solidware developers in the country are the main ones.
The Chinese electrotechnic technology is a subsidiary of the Chinese Electric Group, which concentrates more on the development of cpubios solids, such as hard cores and flyers. Bios, bmc solids, as a bridge between computing equipment and the cpu and operating system, have the ability to effectively reduce information security risks. The national product bios and bmc solids can be set up independently.
The security authentication mechanism for hardware ensures the security of the computer platform by means of hardware digital signatures, secure identification and system monitoring during operation, thereby avoiding risks of computer hardware being used as a back door, and safeguarding the information security of users.
Figure 20: Bios, bmc solids as bridges to the cpu and operating systems of computing equipment, based on shares description data from the Treasure information, based on industry levels of bios solids and bmc solids at RMB 200-300 per x86 architecture server, based on global server delivery in 2020, globally relevant
The market size can reach RMB 23.6-3540 million. Figure 21: Rapid global server market growth 2014-2020. Figure 22: Rapid server market growth in China 2014-2020
In the field of built-in active controls, companies have had many years of research and development experience in the bios, bmc base framework.
A number of key technologies, such as hair, quick start and image display, interface display engines, and active security. In the context of bmc solids, companies have mastered front-end interactive design, back-end management software stratification design and distributed system set-up techniques, as well as key technologies such as remote control, remote virtual media, remote kvm, etc.
4. Core assumptions and investment proposals (1) In terms of product lines, the company ' s high-end computer product lines are expected to maintain relatively steady growth, we predict rapid growth in corporate software development, system integration, and technology services, and we project a growth rate in 2021-2023
We believe that companies have a high degree of certainty about their performance and that the company is expected to benefit from a revaluation of their value as soon as the sealight information is marketed. Therefore, we maintain that the company ' s forecast of net parent profits for 2021-2023 is 11.35, 15.45, 2.094 billion yuan, which is higher than comparable corporate valuations, taking into account the company ' s leading position in the area of industry innovation, and maintaining a certain valuation premium.
(1) A deterioration of the international environment; (2) increased competition in the market; (3) less than expected chip operations.