This post is part of our special coverage Global Voices.ctgrgroup(600905/ch) greenpowergiantforgesahead chinathreeorgesrenewables (ctgr) isoneofthepioneersamongnew
The companyisasasabsidiaryofctg, whomactively (up/downside)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
chinaerytoceleratein2h23. Weenticatethlowerupstreamshopsmayimprove ctgr'sirrofthenewenergy projects.ctgrisalsoextoringtheintegrationof
I don't know, multiplenewennerytovevelopinnoveveveprojectsandbookingforfurthrowth meganxia, cesga space.crently, ctristradingat 17xfy23epe.wessigntgrrwith
If you don't like it, you're gonna have to take a look at it.
I don't know if you're the only one who's got the right to do it, but you're the one who's got the right to do it.
2023.eventoughtheinstallprogresswas stockdata
Lightly Slowerin 1h23, weexpectitsinstallpresswillspeedupin 22h23treachitsinstallstargetin2023. ctrhassstrongreserve projectsupportsrapidgrovethinnew
I've been working on it for a long time, and I've been working on it for a long time.
It's not like I'm a lawyer, but I'm a lawyer, and I'm a lawyer, and I'm a lawyer, and I'm a lawyer, and I'm a lawyer, and I'm a lawyer, and I'm a lawyer.
Solarpoler. Weblieveabundantprojectsreserwillsendgroupssupportfor the futurerowthofcr'sinstalledcapability.additionally, basedonmmt.'s ashirrofwindandsolpollerprojectsmayupupaplastheallingupstream
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who'bigfiveandsmallnoble 4" Power.
I'm sorry, group.ctgroup.ctgroupformsinrevenuegroveth,netpropitmargin,sollpowersource:factset installedcapacitity, etc.weblievectgr'snewergyinstalledcapacitationand
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
2023. Wessigngrwithfy23etargetpeof20xandariveatthetarget
Preceofrmb 6.79/share, initiatewithbuy.weexpectgr'snetprofititally, weestimatectgrwiillachievesinstalledcapacitargetof 5000mwforsolarandwindpowerin2023, basedonthecompany'sscost
Controcapapabilisesandrisingiroftheprojects, andtablerealizedtarifffor 2023.Currently, ctristradat 17xfy23epe.weassignctgrwith afty23targetpeof20xandariveatthetargetpriceoffrmb6.79/share.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Impressment saifferentiamedcompetitor-Leadingstrade, with theaimofbecomming aworld-classnewenergypoweroperator. officially, ctgr'soperformovers30provinces, autonomousregions, and unicipalities
Inchina, aditranksamongthophteorofmedomesticnewenerpyoratorsintermsof installedcapabilityandprofitability.ctrhasexperienceddrapidgrondinwindandsolpolpolarstalledcapacititythesealars.
Itstotalinstalledcapacitationforpowerment projectshasincreased From 143,000kwin 2008 to 26,521,400kwin2022, with acagrof 45.22%. inparticular, windpowerred accumulatedinstaltedcapacitof 15,922,200kw, Solarpowerachieved10, 284,000kw,
And hydropowerreordered 215,200kwin2022.ctgr's powerierhasalso increasedsignically, with the windpowerforceation existingby 48.97% yoyto33.95n khandsolarpowerincreasingby41.5%oyto13.44bnkwh.with thecommmissioning
Yes, of course, the company's entire capacitationxpedtoincrease ctgr'sdevelopmenthistory source: companydata, and bigmestimates.

In 1999, ctgrented thebusinessofn ewenergybyparticipatingintheshareholdingof goldwind (windburnbinemanufacturer), andin 2005, inentedthedevelopment, investment, accessoverofwindfarms.in 2008, ctrwasrestructuredandmergetinto
The company has become a part of the world's social network, and it's a part of the world's economic, social, cultural, economic, social, economic, social, cultural, economic, social, cultural, economic, social, cultural, social, economic, social, cultural, economic, social, cultural, social, economic, social, cultural, economic, social, cultural, economic, social, cultural, economic, social, cultural, economic, social, cultural, social, cultural, economic, cultural, social, cultural, economic, social, cultural, social, cultural, economic, social, cultural, economic, social, cultural, cultural, economic, social, cultural, cultural, economic, social, cultural, cultural, social, cultural, cultural, economic, cultural, cultural, economic, social, cultural, cultural, economic, cultural, cultural, cultural, economic, cultural, social, cultural, cultural, economic, cultural, cultural, cultural, economic, cultural, cultural, cultural, economic, cultural, cultural, cultural, cultural, cultural, cultural, cultural, cultural, cultural, and cultural,
Firstoffshorindprojectin 2016.in 2018-2021, ctrcompletedthethree-stepstrategy of "introductionstrategicinvestors, stockreform, dealing with, "enteringnewstageof development.
In 2021, ctgrwaslistontheessemainboardwithoneofthelargestipoinchina's powerindustryinhistory.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company formulatedartree-stepstrategyof'introductions, stockreform, and ctgr'sequitystructuresundergonetsignificantchanges.in 2018, the company
Introducedeightstrategicinvestorstroughcapitalincreaseandshareexpansion, which inter alia theequitystructurefrombeeningwholly-ownedbyctgtothevertetechigicinvestor holding 30% share.in2021, 30% of the companywaslististonthessemainboardboardweth
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The company's soperovernightmajorareasandasalsofilitatedthe
Listeningofitspowerersubsidiarias, includingtheregregregretheropower, hubeeenenergy, yangtzepower, andthreergesrenewables, onthea-sharemarkets.by 2022, theattribleincladcapabilityofjectghasreal124.71mnkw.this
Includes 78.25 mkwofdmeschechydropowower, whachacountsfor62.74%ofthetotal capacitation.ctgenerateddpowerofatotalof3837.76bnkwhin2022, upby 5.2% yoy. backed bytheothersourcessesandtechnologicaladvantagesoffinathreeorgesgroup,
I don't know if you're going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Industrychaiin, leavingtonovaveachevementssuchaschasteworld's firsttyphoon-resistantfloatingoffshororindturbine.ctgr'sfinancieverageiswell-controlled, benefyingfromtgg'sssimprovingcapitalsengthanfinenfinchannels.
I don't know, ctgr'sbusinsbrief ctgr'smainbusinsdoperingandsolpowageation. ctrgrmainlyimstodeveloponshowindpower, solarpower, andoffshorewindpower.
At the same time, it's not possible to do anything about it, but it's not possible to do that.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The company's powered 48.35bnkwh, upby46. 21% yoy, with windpowergendering 33.95bkwanghandsol powering 13.44bnkwh.amongthem, the economytradingthepowermakermarket
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, I's it's going to be in the middle.
And thegros profitremainedstablewiimprovingtrends.thedecrease inconstructioncostsunderthefiledlifesforwindandsoljects
I mean, it's just that I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to do it, but I'm not gonna be able to do it, and I'm not gonna be able to do it, but I'm not gonna be able to do it, and I'm not gonna be able to do it, and I'm gonna be able to do it, and I'm gonna be able to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I's, and I'm gonna be, you's, and I's------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
7.16bn, at least by 26.8% yoy. source: companydata, and bigmestimates.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
2017 to 2022, the company's worldwidedweenaround 7% to 10%.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
The company'snetdebtrecordrdrm93.23bn, upby 23% yoy.debt-assettratioslightlydrodrodrodrom 41% to 40%.additionally, cgrachieved 414netacaccount
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
rmb29.79bn, mainlydued ucedivomentinoffshorewindpowelandindreased invendhovendpoweranphotovoltaic projects. industryanalysis
Nationalergypolicytarsetstosupport thefutureh-speedgrowlof the windpowerandsolpolpowermentindustry in 2022, China's secretiveinstatedwindpowercapacitationred37gw, with acagrof
16.17% from 2016 to 2022. Thewindandsolopolpowerinstallationplansferentregions inchinaduring the 14thfive-yearplanperiodarreclear.weestimatechina'swindpowerinstalledcapacitatorach620mnkwwby 2025, 17% wicacagrof from2021to2025.
And newly-addedinstalted capacitationofofwindpowerachieved37gw. mostofthebiddcapacitationofbedtobrid-connectedin2023, defaultinginan
You've got 81%. CumuringiveinstallingwindPowercapabilityof509gwand598gw, yoygrowtheachild 20%.
Since: nbs, nea, cmigmesforsolpower, china's solarpowerinstaledcapabilitywas 392gwin2022, and thesolar biddingcapabilityfor2022wasabout155gw.basedontheviewsofcpia, china's
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
154.1% yoy.asofapr 2023, domesticpvcomponentaidapproximately tsus, wearepositivethenewly-addedinstaltedcapacitityofolarpowerin2023may read120gw, withatetalacumculativeinstaledcapacitof51gfortheyear.
At the end of the day, the solarpowerwillcontinuetomentaintainhhighgrothin 2024and2025, andwetheestimatecurivesolpolarpollingalledcapabilitywillreach 652gwand 811gw. by 2025, the cucumberiveinclalledcapabilityofwindandsolpowerwilderlawach1,409gw,
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
Innovation thewindpoerindustryistainfofusedonthreareas: first, advancesin windturbinetechnology, includinglarge-scale, high-efficency, intelligent, andmodular turbines.additionally, implementationsinwinwindfarmoperationandmaintenancementmentation
It's not like I'm not going to be a party to this, but it's not going to be a party to this, it's not going to be a party to this, it's not going to be a party to this, it's not going to be a party to this, it's not going to be a party to this, it's not going to be a party to this, it's going to be a party to this.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it, it's like, it's like, it's like, it, it's like, it's like, it's like, it, it'?, it'?, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's, it's, it's like, it's like, it's, it's like, it's, it's
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
In the future, the windpowerergeneration andphotovoltaicpowerforcewillcontinuetobe.
I mean, I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
"14th five-yearplan" period. thecompanyaimstoichive attotalinstallcapacitof50mkwwithacagrof 26%.in2022, thecompanayaded
I'm not sure you're going to be able to do that, but you're not going to be able to do that, and you're not going to be able to do that.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
We had the mainlay out of sofelicity practicerators in thethenewenergysterunder the latest "bigfiveandsmallnoble4" poweringgroups.basedonthedataof2022, we foundthattectgrasseveraloutstandandadvantagesoflows:
1) in 2022, ctgr'sphotovolicinstalledcapacitationwas thehighestamong the listedpeersof"bigfiveandsmallnoble4"powergenerationgroups. in the future, ctgrwillcontinuetofocussondevelopotovotacistallations.
Thetargetforthenewly-addedphotovoltaicandwind powerintalalledcapacityoftctgrin 2023is5,000mw.photovoltaicinstatedcapacizationofthistarget, withaplanedratiooforound6:4betweenphotolicandwindpower.addition, the
Upstreamcostofthephotovoltaicindustrychainshasdecreased, whichparticularly reduced constructioncostsandhelpedtoimprovetheoverallirrofphotovotolicprojects.therefore,thecompany'swillingnestoinvestinphotovotacistacistallationswillup, nabling
I mean, ittoachieveorverevenexeed thephotovoltaicinstall capacitation towers, dutolongerprocuretions, theinstallsin 1h23weredelayed.itised thatnewergyinstationwillaclerateinthe2h23.
In 2022, ctgr'powerforcement became a public, whichwasdueto the increaseinwindandsolpolpolinstallationsandhigher-than-national-averageutilizationhours.
In 2022, ctgr'powerrenationincorporatedby46.2% yoyto48.35mnwh, whichwas the highstamongthepeerswelisted. the company's powerplacementin1h23is relativelyoptimistic.injun2023, ctr'powerreadredby14.71%to
28.09bnkwh.fromjantomay, poweragentationandutilizationhourswerelightlyhigher thanthenationalaverage. with the improvementofwindresources, imitatedtwind powereningwillcontinuetoimprove.
3) in 2022, ctgr'srevenueincreasedby 45% yoy,anditsnetprofitattable toshareholdersrandandamongthetoplistiersofthenewenergy ecocracyappretors.
The company's researchingwasmainly duothecommissionings, anincreaseintaltalstatecapacitation, andan
In particular, ctgr'srevenuegraughtwasamong thehighstofcomparable companies.althoughtgr'sprofitmarginandnetmardrecreastedrightlyin2022,
I don't know what you're talking about, but thedatamaintainedaidalating positionamongcompalcompanies. Thenetprofit attributabletoshareholdswasalsoamongthehighestamonglistspeers, whichwas Mainly available to the company'sgoodcorpacitates, technological progress,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
ctgr'safetargetfornewindallationsin2023; 2) sufficiencyapprovedandreserved projects; 3) asignificantdecreaseinupstreamcostsforphotovoltaicsandwindpower; 4) aggreatincentiveschedule;
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's going to do it, but you're going to have to do it.
In 2022, ctgrrecordedap/eof21.7xandap/bof1.9x.itsoverallvaluationwasspeers only highherthan andsetswelowerthanthofleadingnewenergycompanies sachashinalongyuanandhuanengrenewables.therefore,weregardctgr'sprofit
I'm not sure I've ever been there, and I've been there for a long time, and I've been there for a long time, and I've been there for a long time, and I've been there for a long time, and I've been there for a long time, and I've been there for a long time, and I've been there for a long time, and I've been there for a long time, and I've been there for a long time, and I've been there for a long time, and I've been there for a long time, and I've been there for a long time, and I've been there for a long time since I've been there for a long time.
I don't know if you're the only one who's got the right to do it, but you're the one who's got the right to do it, and you're the one who's got the right to do it, and you're the one who's got the right to do it, and you're the one who's got the right to do it, and you're the one who's the one who's got the right to do it.
It's not like I'm the only one who's ever been in a state of emergency, but I don't think I'm the only one who's going to be in a state of emergency.
Inaddition, ctgrhasanumbafrofshorofpowerforceprojectsinthepipelineandhas receivedssupportfromthegovernmentforthedevelopmentofdevelopmentofworldpower.we believevethattgr'sleadershipoffviewpowererwillbebebeneficialtoits
Long-term development. low-endstreamcostsledtoherirofthewindfarm project, projectgr's
In fact, in fact, in fact, the Windpowerindustryinchinahastentered thegridparityerasince 2021, leavingtoa andfelltothelowestatrm1,150/kwinfeb2023, droppingby-73%.therefore, lower
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Example, iftheaveragetariff(incl-tax)fortheprojectorm0.45/kwh, theconstruction costofa 100mwonshowindpowerprojectprojectfallsfromrm4500/kwhtorm4,000/kwh, theirroftheprojectwillwillasefrom 11 to 14.3%.addicationally, if theconstructioncost
3,800/kwh, theirrwillincreaseto 15.5%. Source: cmigmes ashirrforwindfarm projectsincreasthankstlowerupstreamcosts, more projects
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
For solarfarm, gibentheupstreamcostinuestodrap, believetheirrofwindfarm projectswillfurtherboard.recently, thelowestreportedpriceorsolmodule components reachedahistoricallowoffrmb118/w, accordingtothelastgroupprocurement.inlight
Ofctgr'sfocusoncreasingphotopolticinstalledcapacityin2023, the company companycaneasilyachieveandexeeditsnewenergy'snewly-addedindaledcapability towersfor2023.asastrusult,thenewproject'sirroffect_conflictedothersource.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Forirrimprovement.otherwise, changesinthenon-technicicalcosts will havetobemonitoredtocomprehensivelymeureproject'siraswell.
I don't know what you're talking about, aswellasactivedeploymentoferboystorage, iexpectedtobenefit thestabilityofwind and photovoltaicpowerpowerment.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, and solarpowerforceation hasrownsignificantly.theaverageaturehoursofgrid-conceptedwindandsollarpowerequipmentshowedanoverallupwardtrendend, mainlydue to thesignificantimprovementinthewindandsolpolarcourtaurtailmentate.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Sobsidies. During theguidedpricing stage, on-griddlecrimeswereredeterminedby marketcompetificationbouldnotextexed theGuidedpriceinothersoursearea. since 2021, Windandphotovolic projectsinchinavebentener thecuspofgridparity,
With theon-gridelecracypricetascording to thelocalcoalbenchmarkmarkprice. theon-gridtariffofonshorewindpowelandsollarpowertendtoberebeauwardandtablein2023.foroffshorvendpower, thecheinegeernhasannouncedthegradualcancellation
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
In 2023astgr'smgmt.'sguidance thedownslopeinsubsidiesand thepromotionofgrid-paritypriitytimetimedtoageneral declineinthectgr'stariff, particularinslarpower.from217 to 2022, the company's
Integratedaverageon-gridtariffhadacacagrof-1.9%.ongthem, windpowerhadan averagecagrof 2.68%, photovoltaperhadanaveragecagrof-9.15%, and hydropowerhadaflatafaveragecagr.
In 2022, ctgr'soverallon-gridelecracyprice (ex-taxes)reachedrimb0.5/kwh, an increaseof0.54% yoy (basedonfy 22fincianreportadjusticefromrm0.4705/win/kwh, photovoltaicpowerdecreasedby 6.6% yoytormb0.50/kwh, andhydropower
Increatedby15.4% yoyonaversion. Source: companydata, cmigmestimates in 2022, ctrparticipatedinmarkket-orientedelecracytransactionsin19provincesand
I don't know, registrations, with tradingvolumeof19.087bnkwh, accoundingfor40.58%oftheon-grid economytransactionvolume.theproportionofmarketetracysaleshasindedandextectedtocontinuelise.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm not sure if it's true, it's true, but it's not true, it's true.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Webeliavethatthescaleofgreen energytradingwillcontinuetoexpand, bringingpotential superformander from the Greenergypremium.
♪ The improvedsubsidy return ♪
And great mechanismofctgr
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
If the subsidedyreptsaccelerate, itwill benefitthecompany'sfinanalexpensesavancesandnewinstaledcapacitationvesation. incentivemechanismxibilityexpecetedtoenhancebusinessexpansion
The enthusiasmanattentiontomarketvaluemanagement ctrgrantrestributedsharesatataris countryaccounttoincentiveobjectsin2021, witha performancerementoffachievingaverevenuecagragfatlast15.0%.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
In 2022, the companypersonsplayingitsifferentiationadvantages, landed 2.15 mkwofofforewindpowersources.shanghai, hainan, andtianjinsubaccessively "zero" breakthrough, and thecoastalalalayoutoveredawiderarea.by 2022,
The firstmarinerandintgrateddemonstration projecprofparityofforionphowerin shandong, thechangyiproject(300,000kw), achievedfullcapabilitygridconnectionwithin
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
The companyhasonshoriondpowerprocectsin 25 provinces, includingthelargestprojectinandanainnermongolia.
I'm not sure if it's true, but it's not true, it's not true.
(iii) solarpower compactivelyexploresnewmodelsforthedevelopmentofdevelopmentofviotopoltativepowerment, and promotes theconstructionofdritedphotativepowerment.asoftheend
Of 2022, the company'sphotovoltaic powerpowerment capacitationrealized 2, 326,300 kw, and withbeenstalledin30provinces, autonomousregions, andmunicipalitiesacros the country, includingtybetandxinjiang.the companyhasalsoactivelydeveloped
He's not the only one who's been in a state of emergency, but he's been in a state of emergency. (iv) hydropowower
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Not so much as 30 large-scalehydropowersesinchina, includingtheethreegregesdam, the xiluodudam, andthiangjiabadam. (v) eergystorage
I mean, the company's actual expliers and promotes the developmentofenegeneryprojects.asoftheendof2022, the company's company steggered capacitationtotaled1,824,800kw, and thaciltanumoferofengergystovetorage.
Demonstration projectstheaccountry, includingthezhangbeenegeryspageproject inhebeiprovince, thehenzhenbandianenerystellerageprojectinguangdongprovince, and thejiangsutaixingcomprehensiveenerysteformation project.
Overall, the company's sustainableandasterationcapacitationXpanionin therenewableenegrysectormetriescommittees company to promote sustainable development.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, either.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
Annualwindandsolarpowerinstalledcapacitationwillincreasebynolesthan 5mnkw during the "14thfive-yearplan" period.basedontheprojectsoftheunder-willreach31,421mw,37,421mw,and44,221mnkw,repectively.
Weasumehattheutilizationhoursofonshorewind, photovoltaic, andhydropowower forthectgrwillbe2,065,1,348,and4,250hoursin2023. weassumehat the utilizationhorsofonshovendpowerwillwillecreaseby 1% yoyin2024, the
3% yoy, andtheutilizationhoursof hydropowerwillremaininchanged. (3)tariff: Wecalculethenewandsolpolfergridtariffforthecompanyin2023-
We assumethatthesubsidypoliciesforwindandsolpolerwillrealduring theforeastperiod, and the proportionofsuibsidiesinthegridpricewillgradually
Oh, dear. overall,weassumehatthemarketeliteswillremaintaintablecomparedwithlastyar. (4) costoference:weassumehatthecostofwindandsolpowerration
For the companywillcontainuetoreaseotetechnologicaladvandementand lowerupstreamcosts.for2023, weestimatatthecostofwindpowerment willdecreaseby 4% yoy, and thecostostolarpowerpowerergenerationwilldecreaseby 6%
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
9.7bn, rmb11.79bn, andrm44bnin2023, 2024, and 2025, pertinently, weptofmb0.34, rmb0.41, formally, ctristratat17xfy23epe, whichwaslowerthanspeerchina
Longyuan (011289ch) 22xfy23epe.forctgr, itsvaluationwas22.59forfy22pe. thus,weregardgr's Valuationsouldbere-ratedandclosetoitspeerchina longyuan'svaluestheothotharetheleaddingnewenergyoperatorswithstrange
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Solarpoernewly-addedcapabilitywillupby 60% yoyto 3000mwandwindwindlawewly-addedinstaldcapabilitywillupby 21% yoyto 2000mwin2023; 2) Robuston-gridtariff managementcapabilityandactiveenpowerforcetrainingenablecrtostabilizeitsoverall
On-gridtariffandweexpectedtheon-gridtariffof2023willreachrmb 0.5/w; 3) wealso submingup,weassigndictgrwithanfy 23targetpeof20x, whichlostethe valuationofchinalongyuan (011289ch) 22xforfty23e, andrriveatthetargetprice
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlynordirectly, relattothepicviewsexressedbythatanalyst inthisreport.besides, theanalystconfirstothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefininedin thecodeofconductissed by thehonkongsecuities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
It's not like I've been working on it, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycmbigm outperform mark-perform
"underperform cm internationalglobalmalketslimited cm internationalglobalmalmätslimited" ("cmbigm") iawholnyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed
I don't know if it's a good idea, but it's not a good idea, but it's a good idea.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what to do with it, but I'm not sure if it's true, it's true.
Oritsaffiliate(s) towhomitisdistried.thisreportisnotandsouldnotbeconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanysecurityornyinterestin securitiesorierintonytransactions.neithmignoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholds, agents, consuls, directors, officersoremployeshalbe lableforanyls, damageorexpensewhatsoever, whethretorconfential, incurredinrelyintinedinementist.anyone
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and it's not like I'm talking about it, but I'm talking about it.
I don't know what you're talking about, or (ii) archerosfallahingwithinarticle 49(a)to(d)("highnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going, and I'm going to do it, and I's all, and I'm going, and I's.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
In the case of the specialtiesandfuturesact (cap.289), the bisgacceptslegalresposiabilityfortheconcentsocentsocentorsuchpersonlyto the extenrequiredbylaw.singareccipientssouldcontactandbisgat+656350400formattersattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwiththeotherport.