Three gorges of energy (600905). Wind and power dragons lead the low-carbon era. Three gorges of energy.
The company ' s main wind and solar energy development is the lead operator of the first echelon of new energy generation in the country. The company is a strategic player in the new energy business of the Tri-Firth Group, with a net capacity of up to 2021h1 to the company ' s main wind and solar energy development companies.
16.44gw is the leader of the industry, with wind-loading machines of 9.41gw and 6.80gw, respectively.
The wind and wind power at sea, which further boosts the integration and complementarities of source-net storage, is active in pumping water storage, storage and profit-making at an annual compound rate of 13.89 per cent, and corporate performance continues to grow steadily.
Hydrogen energy, etc. The company is working to build production around the strategic objectives of the Windy Three Gorges and the "Sea's low-carbon era, falling investment-end costs and strong policy-level support to boost wind leaders in the new energy generation industry."
Business is well structured, assets are of good quality, and economic efficiency is evident in the opportunity period for rapid development. The share of global and Chinese wind-loading machines in 2010 was only 5%, and in 2020, the world’s top-notch, state-of-the-art, new energy source.
At the end of the investment cost, the initial investment cost of the project project has been declining year by year, and the cost of the equipment and installation works has continued to grow. Over 65% of the initial investment component has benefited from the declining prices of wind and light equipment in recent years and the cost of the project as a whole.
At the policy end, the proposed increase in the size of wind-loading machines, tax policy preferences, and the country’s retrenchment slopes will provide an enabler for industrial development. According to the carbon peak action program, at least 560 million kilowatts of wind-loading machines are still to be built by 2030.
With a strong resource capital advantage + a global business layout + an absolute wind and wind pole building company competitively, the corporate growth curve was clear during the 1455s. Against a shareholder background, the company acquired a rich resource reserve, with more room for financing under a sufficient cash flow and a low asset-liability ratio.
At the time, banks had high levels of credit, low interest rates on bond financing and evident resource and financial barriers.
Sea wind power has been delivered on a scale of 1.49 million kilowatts, with 2.94 million kilowatts in construction, ranked first in the industry, accounting for about 20% of the nation’s sea wind. We believe that the firm’s growth curve is clear, along with the acceleration of the company’s sea wind construction and its 50gw loading targets during the 1455 period.
Energetic energy sources in the East (600905). Wind and power taps, leading to the low-carbon era. Wind and power taps, leading to the low-carbon era.
1. Three Gorges Energy: The Wind and the Ocean and Land Developments of the 1.1 Company, a subsidiary of the Tribute Group, leads the country ' s first class of operators for new energy generation. Before entering the Tribute Group, the company was mainly involved in water-related investments.
In October 2008, when the tri-gorge group became its subsidiary, the company began to develop new energy generation operations, mainly wind power, solar energy development, investment and operation, and partly small- and medium-scale hydropower. In June 2021, the tri-gorge energy was placed on the market, and as of June 2021h1, the company was connected to a wind-loading machine of more than 16 million kilowatts, with a city rate of about 2.9 per cent, covering 30 provinces, autonomous regions and regions of the country.
The capital city, which operates on a large scale and is highly profitable, is in the first echelon of new energy enterprises in the country.
The company operates wind power and photovoltaic power, which are in the forefront of the industry. The company actively develops wind power on land, photovoltaic power, and vigorously develops wind power at sea, setting out strategic objectives for the three gorges of wind and wind leaders at sea. As of June 2021, the company had a combined capacity of 16.44gw, with wind power and light voltage at 9.41gw (of which wind power at sea is 1.49gw), 6.80gw, wind power.
According to the company ' s 21-year semi-annual report, the total installed capacity of the construction project is 5.23gw, of which the photovoltaic power project is 0.72gw and the wind power project is 4.50gw (the offshore wind power project is 2.94gw), with an increasing advantage over the size of the installation.
Figure 3: Three gorges with a robust growth in light-voltage machines, with a stable market share, a steady increase in the number of wind, light-voltage hours and more efficient operations than the industry. With the effective growth of clean energy consumption, the country has been able to achieve in recent years.
At the same time, the company ' s wind and waste rates fell from 11.08% in 2017, 8.01% in 2020 to 6.98% and 4.96% in 2020 of q3. The company ' s operations now cover 30 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the Central Government, mostly in areas rich in wind and light resources, particularly in the coastal areas, where the share of offshore wind and electricity has increased from year to year.
The number of hours is stable above the industry average. In 2020, the company ' s wind power and photovoltaic use amounted to 2276 and 1383 hours, respectively, higher than the industry ' s average wind use of 2097 and 1281 hours.
Figure 5: Wind/PV utilization hours were significantly higher than industry averages. The company increased its electricity generation at a significant rate, thanks to the rapid increase in the size of wind and grid-loading machines and the number of lead hours in the corporate sector. Between 2017 and 2021, the company achieved a combined annual increase of 26 per cent in total power generation and continued to grow at a high rate of 43 per cent in 2021. The wind power and photovoltaic countries grew at a high rate of 43 per cent in 2021.
The share of domestic power generation in the market rose steadily, with 22,789 million kilowatt-hours of wind power generated in 2021, an increase of 44.68 per cent over the same period in the previous year, representing a market share.
Three gorges of energy (600905), wind-fired power generation taps, leading to a low-carbon era The business income of companies grew from $6,781 million to $11,315 million, with annual compound growth of 18.63 per cent; the net profit from mother-to-child return grew from $2.43 billion, the company's operations matured, and wind-fired power contributed steadily to the harvest.
Stable at around 60% and 40%, with less than 2% of small- and medium-scale hydropower operations. Because wind resources are more accessible than solar resources, and because of the abundance of offshore wind power sources, the average number of hours used by wind power equipment is higher than the number of photovoltaics, and the number of wind power projects contributes more to the structure of the harvest.
1.3 The Three Gorges Group is the actual controlling party of the company, the controlling shareholder of the company and the actual controlling owner is the Three Gorges Group. The Three Gorges Group holds a total of 52.49% of the company's shares, directly or indirectly, and more than 50% of the shares.
Figure 12: Three Gorges Energy Equity Structure 2. New energy sectors continue to develop, and electricity prices are expected to deepen, with 2.1 leading to rapid growth in new energy generation with low carbon.
The power generation sector is undergoing a shift from traditional sources of electricity, such as electricity, hydropower, and nuclear power, to new sources of energy, such as wind and solar. As global progress towards the goal of “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality,” the importance of clean energy in total energy generation is becoming increasingly evident, with cleaner energy generating power increasing in proportion to total energy generation.
Energy transformation is the inevitable trend that will lead to a more low-carbon and cleaner future in an energy-efficient manner. In the 14th and 5th years, the two-carbon goal and the transformation of the energy structure of the East is a source of financial prosperity, three isthmus energy sources (600905), wind power taps, leading to a low-carbon era.
In order to achieve this goal, the National Energy Authority issued in May 2021 a circular on matters related to the development of wind power and photovoltaic power in 2021.
It was pointed out that the share of non-fossil energy consumption in primary energy consumption would need to be ensured by 20% by 2025. We believe that, along with the country’s demand for double-carbon targets and an increase in the share of non-fossil energy consumption, both the proportion of non-fosssil energy installed and the share of consumption would expand rapidly during the 1455s, and that the new energy sector would need to grow significantly from the current level in order to meet the 3060s vision.
Global and Chinese wind power generation currently accounts for 20% of all energy generation. According to Bloomberg’s new energy finance, renewable energy has grown rapidly in recent years, and global wind and solar power generation has reached an all-time high of 20% in 2020 compared to 2010.
By 2021, our wind power combined accounted for 26.9 per cent of the country ' s installed capacity.
We believe that wind power will continue to rise in the future. The country currently has 27% of total energy capacity and 640 million kilowatts of total wind capacity. According to Xi Jinping General Secretary's 2020 climate ambition summit and the State Department's report, " Carbon peaks by 2030 " ,
According to the Circular on Motion Program, our total installed capacity for wind power and solar power will be more than 1.2 billion kW by 2030. According to current power capacity, there will still be at least 560 million kW of wind light installed by 2030. We believe that, with the continued increase in the size of China and the world’s new energy installations and the current trend of non-fossil energy as a share of total energy consumption and power generation, the ratio of wind installed power will be maintained.
The new energy generation sector will continue to grow at a high rate in this context. 2.2 The initial investment costs are falling year by year, and the transport costs have reached historically low levels.
In addition, the support of the country’s macro-optimal policies has contributed significantly to the rapid transformation of the new energy sector and to the rapid development of the new energy industry chain from the top down, which has led to a year-on-year decline in the initial cost of investment in wind-power projects. According to the Electricity Regulatory Institute, wind-fire projects in 2016-2017 and 2018-2019 were implemented on land.
The cost of the project account was $7587, $7394/kw in 2019, or 2.54 per cent lower than the cost of the project in 2016. The cost of the project account was $7406/kw/kw, or $1446/kw for three years, or 19.52 per cent lower. With regard to the sea wind, the initial investment cost is now nearly twice as high as the cost of wind power on land, but we believe that the construction difficulties associated with the construction of the offshore wind power project have resulted in the attack and equipment.
In recent years, initial investment in wind and power projects is expected to decline steadily, reducing the initial capital that will drive investment in power plants and, in the event that the quality assurance of the projects is completed, increasing the profits of the power generation enterprises.
The cost of equipment and installation works represents a significant proportion of the initial investment costs. According to the data of the General Design Institute for Electric and Hydroelectric Planning, equipment and installation in land, sea and photovoltaic projects account for more than 65 per cent of the initial investment costs of the project, followed by construction costs of more than 10 per cent. We found that the construction costs of the offshore wind project were significantly higher than those for the land wind and photovoltaic projects, as a result of the offshore projects.
During the past decade, the prices of wind units and photovoltaic components have been industry-focused, and the cost of new energy generation is a necessary prerequisite for the scaling up of power generation from new sources. In recent years, technological advances have led to an increase in the number of products generated by technological advances.
In January 2020, the average monthly bid for the 3s class aircraft was $4044/kw, and by September 2021, the average price of the monthly bid for the 3s class aircraft was 4044/kw.
As a result of the fall in the prices of wind power and photovoltaic components, renewable energy generation has become increasingly economic, and the dependence on subsidies for new energy generation has declined, with the gradual fall in the state supplementation to enable new energy generation to achieve real parity. In addition to the initial investment costs, the cost of subsequent transmissions has also shown a downward trend, reaching an all-time low in 2021.
In 2021, the price index for wind and power transmission on land was at an all-time low. The global average price for the initial contract for full packages of services in 2021 was $15,000/mw per year, down 14% from $17.5 million/mw in 2020. In the context of the trend towards wind and wind machines, the cost of wind and air transport costs were lower than the cost of wind machines, which had been amortized in the context of the reduction in the number of wind machines, and the service contract for wind machines above 4mw in 2021 was lower than the price for wind machines from 2 to 3mw in 2021.
33%. We believe that the fall in the price of wind power carriers reflects, to some extent, increased competition in the field of wind power, and that the introduction of more large-capacity wind machines before the total installed capacity would help enterprises to reduce the cost of their total capacity, achieve greater savings at the cost end to help new energy-generating enterprises to boost the growth of the industry, with the opportunity of the times to give the industry greater room for growth.
At the 2022 national energy workshop, held on 24 December 2021, the conference brought together the East’s financial and resource boom, the rapid growth of green energy sources and the accelerated implementation of renewable energy alternatives. The green energy ratio is expected to increase further during the 1455s, with coal power.
The share of total electricity generation will gradually decline, and the share of renewable energy will rise. With industrial policy adding and construction progress accelerating, we believe that there will be more room for growth in the new energy generation sector under the opportunities of the times.
As a result of the policy of pre-grid fixing of approved prices for new energy generation projects, the State shall guarantee the proceeds of the stock of wind power and photovoltaic projects in accordance with the approved price subsidy. At the tax end, the Law of the People's Republic of China on Corporate Income Tax for the new energy generation sector implements the policy of “thirty-half-per-cent exemption” for companies in the first to third years.
Business tax benefits are a positive incentive for the industry as a whole, and new energy generation companies are encouraged to complete their grid-connected electricity generation as soon as possible, benefiting from corporate tax benefits. In 2022, while the state has fallen off the slope, local governments are expected to subsidize the relay.
The Wind and Power project also began to eliminate State subsidies in 2022, and we believe that the current sea and wind project is much more expensive than the wind and that, after eliminating the subsidy, it is based on the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the three gorge energy sources (600905), the wind and power taps, leading to a low-carbon era.
The mechanism for pricing coal-fired pole prices means that offshore wind power needs to be reached as quickly as possible and that wind projects are close to the benefits of wind projects in order to be able to access the net at real parity, and it means that offshore wind projects still need to be upgraded as quickly as possible in terms of technological progress, cost-priced, construction, etc. In this context, we believe that the full flat price of offshore wind as soon as possible will still need to be offset by local government relay subsidies.
The circular issued by the Commission on matters related to the new energy access pricing policy in 2021 also clearly states that targeted support policies have been encouraged to support new energy generation projects such as land-based wind power, offshore wind power, photovoltaic power generation, and that new energy-generation subsidies have been introduced in some provinces, with the Guangdong Province Energy Authority issuing a clear approval for full-capacity seawind projects in 2022-2024 by the end of 2018.
Subsidized at $1,500, $1,000, $500 per kilowatt. We expect more local governments in the future to put in place specific policies to support the healthy development of the new energy generation industry and to contribute to the growth of offshore wind power. 2.4 The pace of market-based reforms for electricity prices is accelerating, and business elasticity is expected to increase.
With regard to the construction of new electricity systems, the pace of market-based reforms has increased. On 28 January 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency jointly issued a guide on accelerating the construction of a unified national electricity market system. The document states that by 2025, a unified national electricity market system will be in place, the national market will operate in tandem with provincial and regional markets, and the electricity market will be integrated in the medium and long term, the spot market and the auxiliary services market.
Construction and joint operation; by 2030, the unified national electricity market system will be largely in place, new energy sources will participate fully in market transactions, and electricity resources will be further optimized throughout the country. In terms of electricity prices, the Central and State Councils have recently launched the Opinions on the Complete and Equivalent Implementation of the New Development Concepts for Carbon-According Carbon-Income and Work, and the State Council issued the Program of Action on Carbon-According to 2030, which together will establish soundness.
The price mechanisms for the scaling up of renewable energy, the improvement of differential prices for electricity, the improvement of market-based mechanisms for energy prices, and the introduction of time-based policies for electricity prices are detailed: the Commission has also made further deployments of market-based price reforms for coal-fired electricity generation, the announcement that the price of coal-fired electricity grid-connected is traded in accordance with the new 20 per cent benchmark price, and the floating space for electricity prices has been further opened.
We believe that the elasticity of firms’ performance is expected to increase with the market for electricity prices. The state’s top-level design highlights the need and urgency for a new electricity market, and the accelerated establishment of a unified power market system at multiple levels has a coordinated effect on improving the national electricity market, the regional electricity market and the power market at all levels, promoting electricity marketization through improved market models, basic trading rules, and price formation mechanisms.
We believe that this set of measures will provide reasonable guidance to the entire community and will have a positive impact on the promotion of energy-intensive, energy-intensive enterprises that reduce energy use, rational and faulty electricity use by consumers, and lower carbon emissions across society, while accelerating the full participation of new energy sources in market transactions, and we believe that as the market-based reform of electricity prices continues, it will be possible to increase the number of new sources of energy.
Electricity prices are expected to maintain the elasticity of market-based volatility, thus creating a elasticity for sustained growth in the performance of the firms concerned.
As a large energy group, the Tri-Gorge Group has been given an important mission by the Party Central, the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, and the National Development Council, which has also taken the lead in proposing a two-carbon strategic goal for leading the country: towards 2023.
Carbon peaking, carbon neutrality by 2040. As the main public object of the tri-gorge group ' s new energy plate, the tri-gorge energy sector has assumed the strategic mission of the 1455-year-old tri-gorge group ' s new energy development, making it easier to access the group ' s resource endowments in terms of access to resources and access to financing.
In the first half of 2021, companies signed cooperation agreements with local governments and regional power grids such as Jilin, Chongqing, Hunan, Fujian, Liaoning, etc.
The company’s accumulated reserves are now over 120 million kilowatts, of which about 30 million kilowatts of wind power at sea, 90 million kilowatts of wind power at land, and a vast resource that will be an inexhaustible engine for the future development of the three gorges. According to the company’s plan, the company, under the group’s deployment, is trying to build up a total of 50 million kilowatts at the end of the “145” aircraft, calculated according to the company’s capacity as of June 2021 at 16gw.
In the future, the company is expected to maintain an average additional 7 million kilowatts per year. On the strategic layout, the company focuses on promoting access to land and sea resources; storing pumping energy resources in the hydropower sector; promoting a county-wide roof distribution of light voltage in the light-voltage area; promoting village clean energy distribution; promoting power side storage and increasing the proportion of clean energy consumption in energy storage. In cooperation, the company is also working with local governments, local industry chains, downstream enterprises, and financial institutions.
With 50% of revenues, net cash flow/business income from business activities is already at the highest level in comparable companies. We believe that there is sufficient cash flow for a company, and that if a company considers using its own funds to prepare projects or dividends, there will be greater scope for the company to use the money than it does for a business.
The net free cash flow of companies as a proportion of revenue over the years generally reached over 70% at the end of the year, and the company’s cash flow was abundant. The source of Eastern financial wisdom was the sum of billions of yuan, respectively, to increase the company’s registered capital and to integrate it into the capital pool.
Compared to their counterparts, corporate asset-liability ratios are lower, and will be more conducive to companies following through on bond financing, targeted increases, bank lending, etc. Bank credit levels are high and interest rates on bond financing are low, and companies enjoy a wealth of external financing and low financing costs. Relying on the major shareholders of the tri-jord group, banks such as the policy banks and the five major banks still have more than $70 billion in bank credit, equivalent to $22.4 billion raised by the ipo.
The advantages of low financing interest rates for the asset-intensive and capital-intensive industries in which the company is located can be significant: the financial advantage of the current company reduces its cost-side spending.
Three Gorges Energy (600905). Windlight power taps leading to a low-carbon era Table 4: Three Gorges Energy Issue Bond Information 3.2 Windlight Project national layout, stable company operations and good asset quality
According to the operational layout of the company’s network of officials, the current tri-gorge energy wind and light voltage project has been deployed in 30 provinces across the country, covering five regions: north-west, north-west, north-east, south-west, and south-east China. In terms of the intensity of resource coverage, North-east, north-west, and east-east China are more resource intensive.
Figure 26: Corporate operations are organized in 30 provinces of the country, and the financial and intellectual growth of the East is spread evenly, taking into account the hours of use of the area and the price of electricity on the Internet. The sub-region uses hours, while the use of North, South West and South China is small.
Hours are generally higher in the north-west, east-east and north-east, with 2184 hours in 2019 in north-west, 2246 hours in south-west and south-west China, followed by 0.66 kWh in the north-west, 0.64 kWh in north-west, north-west, south-west and south-east China, 0.51 kWh in south-west China, 0.47 kWh in south-west and 0.45 kWh in south-west China, respectively.
The cost of grid power, the amount of electricity generated, is largely influenced by the size of the installed unit and the hours spent on the project, so the use of hours and the cost of online electricity is the main influence factor in the company’s decision-making on the project. In our view, the company has taken full account of a variety of factors such as the ease of project construction, the low cost of initial investment in the project, and the subsequent and sustained cash flow return resulting from the location of the project area.
Figure 27: Average number of hours used in the subregion
Figure 29: Subregional income as a percentage of business income, Figure 30: Subregional Māori Levels
The average number of hours spent and the amount of electricity generated is higher than the national average. Thanks to the company’s good project layout, the company’s wind power, solar energy equipment, the annual number of hours used exceeded the national average, with the company’s wind power and photovoltaic use of 2276 and 1383 hours in 2020, respectively, with a national average of profit hours.
The quality of assets will become the company’s core competitiveness. Since wind and light power plants generally operate for 20-25 years, it is particularly important for projects to move to pre-natal location, construction sites, project capacity, layout, etc. The quality of project assets will have a direct impact on the future cash flow returns that companies will receive each year, and the competition for quality project resources in the new energy industry will increasingly be a focus of competition among companies, which we believe will be in the future.
It is hoped that more high-quality projects will continue to be made possible by their advantages and the ability of their resources to acquire them.
The company has vigorously promoted the development of offshore wind power, and has firmly and consistently implemented the “Seawind Leader” strategy, focusing on the development of offshore wind power on a single scale, which has become a rolling development pattern of “input, build, approve, reserve”.
The project was launched in the coastal provinces of Jiangsu, Liaoning, Fujian and Guangdong, where, by the end of 2021, the network had reached 3.8 million kilowatts (kW) and the project was under construction of more than 1.5 million kW. The five “million kW” offshore wind power bases in the Guangdong, Fujian and Jiangsu regions are now in existence. We believe that the company, one of the country's first offshore wind companies, could rapidly expand the map in the area of offshore wind power through self-building + acquisitions.
In 2021, the company’s ipo publicly released 8,571 million shares, raising 22.5 billion yuan in net funding, all of which was spent in addition to $5.5 billion to supplement liquidity.
Following the change in the project, the pilot project for the integration of marine pastures and 300 mw offshore wind power in Changwa City with the tri-gorge, and the project for the six-channel wind farm in Hapo, d district, were suspended owing to construction conditions or approval procedures, and the project for the conversion of the project was still a company, the main offshore wind power camp, with a combined installed capacity of 2.8 million kilowatts for the eight offshore wind power projects and a dynamic investment of 50.385 billion yuan.
It is expected that the completion of the company’s fund-raising project will result in a significant increase in the capacity of the company to install offshore wind power, an effective increase in the company’s profitability and market availability, and further increase the firm’s core competitiveness.
As one of the country's first companies to deploy offshore wind power, the company has a clear pre-emptive advantage, with offshore wind resources in the lead in the country. In parallel with production, the company's project has been launched at 1.49 million kW in size up to 2021h1, ranking first in industry at 2.94 million kW in size, accounting for about 20% of the country's total sea wind power is under construction. Compared to the company's in-house/output ratio of wind power on land and photovoltaics at 0.20, 0.11 times higher than the company's offshore wind engine.
At the same time, the new production of offshore wind power and the market share of the cumulative loader is about 6.9%, 13.4%, all far above the company ' s land wind power and light voltage operations. We expect the company ' s offshore wind power output to reach 3.8 million kilowatts after the completion of several offshore wind power projects at the end of 2021.
At the end of 2021, it reached 2,638,000 kilowatts, so it is expected that the share of the domestic market in the three gorges' cumulative energy and sea winds will increase further to around 14.4 per cent, establishing the position of the first line of offshore wind and power operators.
Figure 34: Newly manufactured, accumulated share of the loading machine market (up to 2021h1) The company's “millions of kilowatt” offshore wind power base has emerged, with a centralized scalding development pattern. With the end of the 2021 wave of offshore wind and power grabs, the company has several offshore wind and wind projects that were completed and networked by the end of the year and are now in operation in the coastal provinces of Jiangsu, Liaoning, Fujian, Guangdong, etc.
On December 20, the company announced that it would invest $41.2 billion in three offshore wind farms in Yangtze County. The five, six, and seven projects in Qingzhou are the country's first large-scale deep-water wind flats to start construction, with a combined installed capacity of up to 3 million kW.
Three Gorges Energy (600905), wind and light power taps leading to a low-carbon era.
The three gorges’ energy-scale development patterns will be further enhanced when Qingzhou plans to achieve full capacity and grid access by 2024. The offshore wind and power project is expensive, mainly because of wind equipment and installation and construction costs.
The technical requirements of anti-typhoon, corrosion-resistant, etc. require high reliability of the offshore wind unit, so that the cost of manufacturing, transporting, installing, and transporting the feeder chain is higher than the cost of the terrestrial wind unit. The cost of constructing wind power on land, which is already affordable, is about $7,000-$8,000/kW, while the unit cost of wind power on the sea is $15,000-17,000/kW, and about 30% of the drop space is needed from the parity standard.
In addition, due to the complex marine environment, the construction costs of offshore wind power are higher, accounting for 28 per cent of the total costs of offshore wind power.
Figure 36: Unit cost components of offshore wind and power project, 2020
The company actively explores innovations in offshore wind and wind technology to reduce construction costs for offshore construction. In addition to reducing costs through large-scale arraying of machines and lowering installation costs through floating at sea, sea flexibility technologies, the three gorges of energy in offshore projects focus more on applying advanced construction and construction techniques in windmills, sea lifting stations, submarine cables, etc. to lower unit costs for offshore projects.
The first offshore offshore wind power project in the country was built by sound water, with the construction of the first 220 kV-grade sea lift station in Asia, with the construction of the first 220 kV three-hole cable in the country: the demonstration of the first sea wind high voltage direct transmission of electricity in the three gorges, such as the East Sea wind power project, and the promotion of a process of conversion of valves, submarine cables, systems of control and protection, and sea-to-sea platforms. Many of the offshore wind power technologies used by companies are national.
For the first time in the country, effective construction costs were reduced, with demonstrated effects on the offshore wind and power industry, where innovations in wind and wind technology were well-known.
Figure 38: The 800 000 kW offshore wind farm in Jiangsu, the source of financial prosperity in the east, the synergy of the industry chain up and down, and the increase in global markets brought about by the overseas layout.
The company is actively involved in investment in upstream and downstream industrial chains, while focusing on its business depth, and is currently involved in several upstream equipment manufacturing enterprises and downstream power trading centres, actively cooperating in the establishment of several industrial chain investment platforms to facilitate business downgrading. Upstream companies are involved in new energy manufacturing enterprises, such as Crystal Australasia, and companies and upstream equipment manufacturers form an industrial chain synergy.
On the overseas side, the tri-gorge group acquired, by competitive bidding, the Portuguese National Electricity Corporation and photovoltaic operations in Spain, thus entering the European clean energy market and incorporating overseas resources into the domestic map.
On the domestic front, firms have accelerated the acquisition of high-quality seawind operators in the same industry and actively expanded the sea wind map. On December 28, Mingyang ' s intelligence announced that 100% of the shares of its fully-owned subsidiary, Yang Jiang Mingyang Maritime Wind Development Co. Ltd., will be sold to the three Gorges for energy.
Mingyang’s right to develop offshore wind power resources for the sarcophagus project is an important part of the company’s work to develop the sarcophagus project. We believe that the company’s current focus is on increasing the pace of development of wind power at sea, and the acquisition of high-quality industry operators helps to save the company’s human and material resources for self-construction projects, and contributes to the company’s rapid expansion of the sea wind map.
(b) Looking ahead to the company's future installation objectives and the construction progress of the construction project under way in 2021 and the company's recent announcement, we give the following scenario for loading:
Wind power: As of 2021h1, the total installed capacity of the company had reached 16.44gw, of which wind power 9,41gw, including the prediction of the construction-in-progress project of the offshore wind power project, yangjiang Shayo I to V, Jiangsu like East H6, h10, San Gorge Su Great Fungh 8-2#, all of which have completed full capacity and network, in conjunction with the company's projected construction of the offshore wind power project,
And the company's goal of 50gw by the end of the 14th of May, we expect that wind power on land will add 722,000 kW in 21-23. In conjunction with the company's industry leadership in photovoltaic capacity, we expect that the company will add 1.9/2.5/2.5gw to photovoltaic power generation in 21-23.
Table 8: Projected costs of additional installed capacity (gw) for companies are not as high as expected: the initial investment costs of the project may be lower than expected in the event of a fall in future subsidies, which may affect the business costs of the company.
The policy is not as good as expected: if future local provincial supplementation policies fail to subsidize the sea wind project ... it may result in the sea wind project losing revenue as expected.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the research assistant's profile, Gently Yo.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.