The quality of the assets was excellent in recent years, and the loan scale was expanding at an accelerated pace, with Jiangsu Bank ' s 2020 performance report fast-tracking ratings. On 18 January, the company released its 2020 performance fast-track report: net profit returns for the year grew by 3.06 per cent compared to the previous three quarters.
+0.64 per cent), with a 15.68 per cent increase in revenue year-on-year (rate of increase in the previous three quarters + 12.96 per cent). Annually weighted roe 11.91 per cent accelerated growth in revenue and performance, with net income differentials largely stable \triangleright
The company’s year-on-year revenues increased by 2.72 pct to 15.68% compared to the previous three quarters, and continued to grow faster in the double digits. The year’s year-on-year performance increased by 2.42 pcct to 3.06% compared to the previous three quarters, probably as a result of a significant deceleration of non-interest income, and the second factor that we judged the provision to have made a positive contribution.
In the future, as the epidemic improves, companies are expected to keep pace with the economic recovery and increase their lending efforts, thus supporting interest differentials. Poor rates and provision coverage have improved optimally in recent years, and asset quality has improved.
\triangleright calculates that in 2020q4, the company has taken the initiative to increase the write-off and disposal of non-performing loans to speed up the risk clearance. q4 Q4 annualized non-performing loans have been generated on a smaller scale. q4 end-of-life negative rate rings have dropped by 1 bp to 1.32%, resulting in a reduction of 1 bp to 1.32%.
Risk-resilientness is further enhanced, profit-based anti-breeding spaces are enriched. Capital is abundant and renewable, supporting accelerated expansion \triangleright
The company’s completion of equity by the end of 2020 effectively eased the pressure on core capital and lifted the major constraints on development. Adequate capital provided a solid basis for the firm’s increased lending and accelerated scale-up.
The company is largely well-oriented, the quality of its assets continues to improve, and it has moved beyond capital constraints and is expected to open up its growth space. We look at the development potential of the company’s deep-drawing and transition to retail operations, predicting its return to the country in 2021-2023.
At 0.55 times, it is below the average of 0.88 times the marketed comptoirs, maintaining a “recommended” rating; the epidemic has repeatedly put pressure on asset quality; interest rate centres have fallen and economic recovery has fallen short of expectations.
Figure 1: The same rate of growth in the collection and performance of Jiangsu Bank. Figure 3: The cumulative annualized weights of roe and roa by Jiangsu Bank.
Figure 5: Bank Jiangsu non-performing loan balances and non-performing loan rates Summary of company financial statement data projections
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.