This is the company's first stock incentive program for more than a decade!
Flexibility is not easy to retain. And the release of this equity incentive is a powerful break to pre-market questioning.
Broadband coverage motivates the workforce: the total number of incentives is 2,467 and covers 40.05% of the total number of employees.
High-end products such as igbt have been steadily upgraded and large production capacity has been secured. In terms of the progress of igbt, the company has a full-scale dynamic home power market, automobiles, industrial controls, and photovoltaics. Currently, the home-based ipm module is fully replacing solar producers, while the company plans to double its capacity in 22 years; the industrial controls have entered into the supply of HSBC, YVT, etc.
Cars igbt are in bulk in the form of diamond electric power control, scavenging, etc., and have been certified with mainstream domestic vehicles; light volt is also working in depth with large clients like sunlight. It is particularly noteworthy that over 22 years, the company has added 20,000 new 12-inch crystal-crystal capacity, which will be fully used for the gbt, and is expected to meet with subsequent client validation progress.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: Slanwe, one of the leading domestic production-based Idm companies, has a strong output potential and a high profile for the benefit of the industry. But more importantly, the company is fully engaged in high-end upgrading of its products, and the progress of the igbt, mems, and third generation semiconductors is steadily moving forward.
In 2021-2023, the company is expected to return 10,202,10428-Slander: Power idm Risk factors: industry cyclically volatile risks, technology-less than expected risks, productivity uphills and visitors.
Old General, the new journey is about to take on less than expected risks. 202,1071-Sindard securities-Slander: a definite increase.
Batch, hit the idm giant 20210816-Sindar securities-Slank: Re-performance, high innovation, product high-end layout progressing steadily
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Fang Jing, a leading student at Xian University of Electronics and Technology, has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, and has foreign experience abroad, such as in Texas instruments, and is familiar with semiconductors and consumer electronics chains. He is also the founder of the country’s well-known semiconductor incubation platform of 10 coffees, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early.
The Golden Cow Award, 18/19, was ranked 3/2 in the electronics industry: Li Shunqing, Master of Arts, Wuhan University, joined Southwest Securities in 2018 and Sinda Securities in 2020, covering mainly crystal mills, digital chips and radio frequencies, with a balance between panels and smart machines.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.