q3 performance meets expectations, high-end product leapfrogging in the future Events: Slanwa's three-quarterly report, company q3's revenue of $1.914 billion, an increase of 51.98 per cent, Slanwa (600460.sh)
The ring grew by 437 per cent; the net return to the mother grew by 207.5 per cent over the year; the ring grew by 207.5 per cent over the year; the q3 performance was higher than ever; the profit rate was higher by $1.914 billion over the year; the product line production was increased from 6 to 8 inches and from 8 to 12 inches, and the line adjustment took time;
On the other hand, a combination of company products, such as integrated circuits such as acdc, ipm and child Autumn Research Assistant Pim modules, often require the integration of multiple chips, which are not adequately supplied, thereby affecting the whole group.
However, in terms of profit margin levels, it is a result of high industry volatility and continued optimization of the product structure; and 8 inches of successful profit-making, with a q3 Māori ratio of 34.99 per cent and an additional 1.57 pcc over the ring. Motherhood net interest rates of 15.5 per cent are historically high. Later in the outlook, company line adjustments have been completed, and three have been completed.
Quarterly stock returns to 1,587 million yuan, fully prepared to secure supply. Products continue to leapfrog to higher ends, and growth can be expected in the future: because of semiconductor core deficiencies and accelerated replacement of national production, the company has been able to bear fruit for many years, and the company continues to push for better product structure.
The company’s upgrades have been very successful, in terms of igbt, and the company’s ipm module has gained wide visibility in the white power sector, with its customers including American, greasy and all-round replacements for solar producers; and industrial controls have entered the Hong Kong, Hong Kong, and Hong Kong.
In the case of mems, the company has been working in the area of metems sensors for more than 10 years, and the product has entered the Hmov class.
20210428 - Sindam Securities - Slander emblem: The Idm client has continued to increase production capacity; in addition, the company has continued to increase the input of compounds semiconductors, silicon, and the new process is on the move.
Kigan device development is continuing, and the test line in Xiamensic is being connected. 202,10701-Shlanwa: A positive profit projection and investment rating: Szlánwe is one of the leading domestic production-idm companies, producing
The power of the hit, the big idm, can make a big difference and benefit fully from the industry. But, more importantly, the company's portfolio is 202,10816-Shlanwa: performance again.
Pushing up product high-end upgrades, making steady progress on igbt, mems and third-generation semiconductors
Risk factors: industry ' s cyclical volatility risk, technology-less-than-expected risk, productivity slopes and passenger cindaseguritiesco., ltd households do not develop the expected risk
Building No. 1 of the 9th University of the City of the West Side of Beijing, the University of Electronics and Technology of Xian, which has been active in the semiconductor industry for almost five years, has worked abroad with instruments from Texas, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also the founder of the well-known semiconductor incubating platform 10 coffee, which has assisted many countries.
Early financing of semiconductor companies. Pacific securities 2017, Merchant securities 2018, Sinda securities 2020, and the electronics industry 18/19 Gold Cow Award 3/2. Li Xiaoqing, M.A. from Wuhan University 2018, Southwest securities 2020, and Sinda securities 2020, mainly covering crystal mills, digital chips and others.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sinda Securities in 2020, covering vrar, optical, and storage plates. Autumn Kotao, Master of Asset Assessment of the University of Retrogen, joined the Sinda Securities in 2020, with the ability to produce, and the ability to cover power, simulation, and seal the plates.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.