Mid-2023: Product integrity + lending technology, continuing keywords: #new products, new technologies, new customers, market turnover recovery slow, general wealth management revenue decline.
▪ Actively developing the overseas map of wealth management and improving the chain of wealth management: On 1 June 2023, the Open Securities announcement announced that the subsidiaries under the banner were to be offered a total Hong Kong currency/equity of less than RMB 1 billion for the benefit group pb(lf) 1.22 times the downward trend in long-term interest rates.
The new rules on financial management and the exit from the market are continuously absorbing investment needs and becoming the focus of low-risk preferred funds. 2) Wide-scale proactive management advantages are prominent, supported by a system of cash-based passive fund products. Wide-scale financing advantages are available for cashiers and remittances, favouring the active interest category. The EISG completed the distribution of a shareetf in China in 2022 (issued by Malaysia), emerging market networks and electric power providers, etc., will be promoted in the Great Bay region in the future.
Revenue-fixed products and two low- and medium-risk fixed-yield products continue to enrich the “steward +” and etf product categories. 3) The Grand Bay economy has an economic enabler base, and the renminbi-port currency double counter model is expected to increase investment opportunities for Hong Kong’s shares.
This is a forward-looking layout of the wealth management chain, with the application of technology to improve the efficiency of wealth management.
Bonders, in the future, will continue to invest more in financial science and technology, and will continue to improve the level of integration and digitalization of corporate finance technology and business. 2) The Open-Spanding Stockapp is officially available in the application market. This section takes advantage of historical opportunities and focuses on young people's financial claims, and brings about a series of innovations, such as stock sheets, stock squares, “z-in-the-sky groups” and youth-in-the-art chat rooms, designed to help the year.
Small-person investment in the field and joint sharing of the profits of business growth has borne fruit. More than 200 million people, Volatile Securities (000776): 2023 seasons, young users with great potential, are the core clients that the securities industry must capture, and how to serve.
Well, they're important questions about whether a securities firm can grow a new business. Review: short-term benefits projections and investment ratings for pan-rich wealth management operations: corporate performance recovery, continued optimization of capital market reforms, governance.
The Zeri Initiative is an important anchor for corporate performance, promoting high-quality development in the securities sector, reaching out to generations of households through product innovation upgrading, investing in the acquisition of concessions to open up foreign investment in the world, and promising to seize the opportunity to make a breakthrough in development.
However, the current economic environment is still recovering, and the lack of investment activity may affect corporate capital management and portfolio operations, the performance of self-employed businesses and the decline in capital intermediation. 1) Markets are warming up, the performance of self-employed businesses is becoming better than in the first half of 2022, driving the growth of corporate investment returns, fair value changes, and the income of self-employed businesses is the same.
13%) mainly due to higher interest payments on the sale and buy-back of financial assets. Performance was better than the market, with investment income equal to between +8 and 300 million (2%). On 1 June 2023, the Open Securities announcement stated that the subsidiaries’ wide-disposal holdings were proposed to be under 1 billion yuan.
The total value of the currency is not more than 369 million ordinary shares (20.20% of the shares) and the transaction price is 3 Hong Kong dollars/equity, 1.22 times the value of pb (lf).
The first independent asset management company to be listed in Hong Kong is one of the largest independent asset management companies in Asia, long-standing in the Greater Central China, focused on value investment, and the top brand of Hong Kong's capital management. The founder of the Heroes Group, Xie Qinghai, is known as “Bafit, Hong Kong”, a former financial journalist, who has been a legend of company assets.
The size of management reached its peak of $16.6 billion in 2027, but the size of management for nearly six years shows a downward trend from year to year, with 65 per cent/12 per cent per cent per year in Hong Kong, China, Europe, China/China/Japan/Singapore/other shares, with a strong external clientele advantage.
The group’s influence, and its impact on the market’s performance in 2022, was marked by a loss in the company’s current valuation, which was largely at a historically low level, and the purchase price was more reasonable. A broad-based, low-value acquisition benefit group had a multiplier effect on the expansion of its offshore map.
Figure 1: The size of the assets managed by the Group in 2011-2022, “consolidated” is the “new wind” for sound investors in the current market environment. 1) Residents have strong investment needs. According to the China Banking Finance Market Report (2022), the risk rating was second (medium) by the end of 2022.
Other risk-level products, investors as a whole, are still relatively conservative. 2) Downside trends in long-term interest rates add new regulations to capital management to promote “record-plus” product development. In recent years, as a result of geopolitics and the new crown epidemic, the country’s economy has been under increasing downward pressure, faced with the challenge of shrinking demand, supply shocks, expected shifts, and a steady rate of return on bank property management.
At the same time, as long-term interest-rate downwards trends and new capital regulations continue to move forward, capital-policing exits the market, seeking high-yielding assets becomes a challenge for sound investors, and “consolidated plus” products are continuously absorbing investment needs and becoming the focus of low-risk-preference financing. By the end of 2022, solid harvests were emerging.
With a continuing value of 26.13 trillion yuan, representing 94.5 per cent of the total property stock, this represents an increase of 94.5 per cent.
As an active equity-based integrated fund management company, nine active equity funds ran for three years in a row (2020-2022) and five funds ran for four years (2019-2022).
The data show that, by the end of 2022, the active equity fund managed under the flag of Flanders had reached $410,831 million, the only active equity fund company currently with an equity fund of over $400 billion, with a more obvious advantage.
The 2022 product structure, which is an absolute return-based long warehouse fund/hardening fund/multiple asset fund/etf/other investment fund, the emerging market network and the power provider, etc., will be promoting a fixed-income product and two medium- and low-risk fixed-yield products in the Great Bay region, which will continue to enrich the “consolidated +” and etf product categories.
The Great Bay region’s economic advantage is a source of wealth, and the double counter model is expected to enhance the liquidity of the port’s stock. 1) The Great Bay region’s high level of liquidity.
Netizens are gathering, and there is a strong need for wealth management. The boom in the Mainland economy has led to the development of good policies in the Great Bay of Australasia, the port of Australasia, which is one of the most high net people, has a large number of high-quality potential clients, has a high demand for offshore asset management services, and the company is expected to benefit fully from economic growth in the region in the future.)
In Hong Kong, the Hong Kong Stock Market was launched on 19 June 2023. The Hong Kong Hong Kong Trade Office officially launched the Hong Kong Dollar-Hong Kong Dollar Double Counter Model, a policy that is relatively liberal and may increase the liquidity of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, which is increasingly accelerating the interaction between the Mainland and Hong Kong financial markets.
As a congenial group in the equity market chain, its fund management fees, performance fees and revenues are significant, Hong Kong and mainland capital markets are increasingly interconnected, and its investment opportunities will increase. At the same time, the confluence group has a long history of deep-seated Hong Kong stock markets and has a high local wealth management branding effect in Hong Kong.
And a large group of high-value, high-value clients, this acquisition helped companies to further capture financial development opportunities in the Grand Bay region, enhance the competitiveness of their offshore asset management operations, upgrade the internationalization of their companies, provide a broad market interface for their operations, and pre-empt future wealth management markets. Enhance the branding effect of wealth management.
This sale of equity will benefit the company’s long-term development in the Mainland and Hong Kong, and wide-ranging securities will provide better investment solutions for the group’s clients. “Wide-in-the-shelf app” is officially on the line, opening up a blue-sea market for z generation investment.
On June 26, 2023, a youth-specific investment-trading platform, the “wide-wide start-up equity app”, was launched by a wide-distributed portfolio. The app was able to generate a series of innovations around young people's financial claims, such as stock sheets, stock squares, “z-in-the-day groups”, youth-in-the-chamber chat rooms, etc., to help young people complete their job.
Taking advantage of historical opportunities and building the first in-house investment trading platform dedicated to young people. 1) The number of young investors is growing rapidly, and the trend toward rejuvenation is clear.
Nearly 20% of the population. The Internet has grown for generations that are aware of the importance and necessity of investment, and have a strong interest in investing in the investment industry, companies, stocks, etc., and in intra-field transactions. 2) As the wealth of young investors increases, the assets that can be invested will increase.
Challenges: 1) Lack of investment experience, requiring investment guides in both a professional and a common language; 2) desire for quick, simple and fun access to effective investment information; 3) desire for quick entry in simple, easy-to-understand interface operations; 4) avoid being disturbed by ineffective advertising windows, etc.
For more than a year, it's been proven and carefully sharpened, and eventually it's the beginning of a business that makes it easy for young people to create a unique variety of new functions. 1) The biggest innovation in the SWAP is simple. For example, one of its feature sheets deletes the colours of the traditional stock-sharp software that cut through the usual lines, candle maps, routing, and dealings.
(ii) The creation of a unique “one-key generation stock list” that can help start investing users of the z generation to get excited quickly.
The scope of the fun markers is rounded out. For example, you can use the "stock-seeking" button to generate a stock sheet that is highly relevant to the purchased fund by uploading the Fund's picture, fast locking the stock and the etc. 3) Wide-Standing-Standing-Standing-Standing-Stander also builds a digital capability model that requires users to enter only related labels, shares, indexes, etc., and wide-Stamp-Standing-Standing-Standing-Standing-Standing-Standing-Standing-Stamp.
In the context of the aigc artificial intelligence heat, wide distribution securities are also working with large model agencies in the country to explore how to invest in services through the generation of the ai technology.
Wide and active deployment of technology and finance to create a second growth curve. 1) Wide and forward-looking wealth management, dividing the market with the ants.
Links and industries are open. Since the launch of The Wealth in 2017, the ant's wealth has been based on financial technology and data.
On February 20, 20, 2023, the wide distribution of securities announced a 100-degree intelligent cloud experience and an access to the Words, which, by exploring the integration of large language models into the financial application landscape, provided clients with more intelligence and understanding.
Temperature systems for wealth management services. It is worth mentioning that wide-ranging securities are the first coupons to work with the 100-degree "One Word" model, which means that broad-based access to ai technology will be prioritized, helping to increase the depth of integration and digitization of corporate finance technology and business.
Recovering corporate performance, sustained optimization of capital market reforms, policy incentives to promote quality development in the securities sector, broad-based convergence with the generation of customers through product innovation upgrading, investment acquisition benefits groups to open up foreign investment management operations at sea,
Looking to seize the opportunity to make a breakthrough in development, the current economic environment is still recovering, with inactivity affecting corporate governance and securities 1) regulation is increasingly constraining industrial innovation: in order to promote capital market reforms in our country, the regulatory sector is actively pursuing and completing good industry regulatory policies, and future regulatory policies are further tightened, which may discourage companies from engaging in innovative business.
2) Increased competition in the sector: On April 1, 2020, the CSRC lifted the foreign equity restrictions on securities companies and will draw more attention to the entry of offshore financial institutions that are interested in the development of domestic capital markets into domestic securities markets. Foreign financial institutions have a stronger competitive advantage in terms of international networks, capital strength, etc., and are expected to enter the Chinese market mainly across borders.
High-end business areas such as institutional transactions and derivatives, wealth management and investment management compete vigorously with internal equity firms) Business management risks: risk management and internal control risks, compliance risks, management of controlling subsidiaries and participating companies, and changes in corporate executives.
Fig. 5: Wide distribution of securities financial forecasts (collected as at 31 August 2023) East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.