Quality of operations has improved, and the physical presence of the caretaker entity has improved considerably: on 28 October, the Transport Bank issued a finance report for 22 q3. Twenty-eight billion yuan (Yoy+5.1 per cent) in Camp 22q1-q3; net profit to the mother is 67.880 million (Yoy+5.5 per cent); a negative rate of 1.41 per cent, covering the provision.
Business is resilient and profits are growing at a steady rate. In the first three quarters of 22 years, the same-year-year-upper round ratio - 2.0 pct; \triangleright net-upper profit ratio +0.7 pc, of which q3 net-year-upper profit ratio + 6.7 per cent, is increasing at a rate of +6.7 per cent.
Ring ratio + 3.6 pct, or credit cost down as a result of improved asset quality, overall operating capacity shows that, as of 22 q3, net interest income, driven by an increase in the size of interest-bearing assets, has continued to rise, at + 7.4 per cent a year, and other non-interest income + 6.1 per cent a year, both of which contribute better to the growth of revenue; they are subject to capital markets.
The impact of the move, the netting of property and the proactive implementation of the policy of fee reduction, as compared with the previous three quarters \triangleright
Research assistants continue to strengthen support for manufacturing, especially in the medium- and long-term areas, through the Bovine geese effect of lending, which in the previous three quarters was +21.8 per cent at the beginning of the year, +50.7 per cent in medium- and long-term manufacturing; regionally, Kyoto, Long Triangle,
The Hong Kong Australasia Bay region accounted for more than 60 per cent of the increase in loans and actively contributed to coordinated regional development. 1. Transport Bank (601328.sh) reported in mid-2022 that: At the end of the debt, deposits expanded to build a new growth curve, with deposits up to 22q3 as compared to +12.9 per cent and the acceleration ring ratio.
In the first three quarters of 22 years, the negative rate was 5 bp less than the \triangleright investment proposal: credit is solid and asset quality is strong.
During the first three quarters of the year, the mother’s net profit margin grew and the ability to operate became more resilient; credit was put in a robust way to support the real economy; the asset quality was strong, the level of provision was adequate and the risk offset was robust. The “recommended” rating was expected to be 0.4 times 22 years pb.
\triangleright Figure 1: Transportation Bank ' s performance as at 22q3 increased on a year-on-year basis (cumulative) Figure 2: Transport Bank ' s performance as at 22q3 increased on a year-on-year basis (single season)
Figure 3: Net interest income as at 22q3 and rate of increase (cumulative) in median income (cumulative) Figure 4: Other non-interest income as at 22q3
Figure 6: Bank of Transport assets up to 22 q3 and total loans up to and up to the same rate, Figure 7: Bank of Transport total liabilities up to 22 q3 and absorbing deposits up to and up to the same rate, Figure 8: Bank of Transport up to 22 q3
Figure 9: Rates of interest in loans as at 22q3 by the Bank of Transport: Figure 10: Level of provision by the Bank of Transport as at 22q3 Summary of forecast data on corporate financial statements
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.