Three-quarterly review by Mountain Gold International: a small decline in gold production,h shares Investment rating: increase (maintenance) 42.39 per cent; gain of $5.75 billion in a single quarter, an increase of 3.3 per cent over the same period, creating a net return to the mother
Gold production declined slightly in the previous three quarters. The company produced 5.59 tons of mineral gold, down 8.14 per cent from the previous quarter. Mineral gold produced 1.87 tons from the second quarter, down 0.08 tons from the second quarter, down 1.86 tons from the second quarter and down 0.23 tons from the second quarter.
In the first three quarters, the company's mineral gold was combined and amortized at a cost of $145.19/g, or 1.67 per cent, compared to the same period; the sale of minerals and silver resulted in higher profits from high-value metal prices, leading to re-innovation. In the first three quarters, the company's mineral gold product was Māori.
In 2025, the company acquired 52.07% of its share in the Western Yunnan mine and signed an agreement with its parent company, the Man City Haihua Development Corporation, to acquire the dam.
The right to prospecting in the gold ore and the right to prospecting in the gold or polymetallic ore in the stable area of the region, divided between 35.6 square kilometres and 20.38 square kilometres, are located on the edge of the company ' s Man City gold ore, and the gradual completion of the consolidation of the right to exploration for gold or polymetallic ores has further accelerated the rehabilitation of the ore area.
The semi-annual review by Shankin International: The strong gold-priced performance h stock listing process is about to come to an end. The Board of Directors, Supervisory Board, Interim Shareholder Conference, held in July and September 2025, considered and passed the bill on the Hong Kong Trade Office.
Hong Kong has submitted an application for listing.h Stock listings are useful for companies to further deepen their globalization strategy, accelerate overseas business development and consolidate their industry position, while making better use of international capital markets.
Optimizing the capital structure and shareholder composition, and expanding access to diversified financing are important steps in enhancing corporate governance, equity and core competitiveness. The 2024 annual report is rated as a significant increase in value and profit.
The price of gold in the short term is under a certain rewinding pressure. As we pointed out in "Sino-American Trade Smash Up, Can Gold Do the Mid-Year Cow Deal? " , short-term gold prices are driven by the risk of renewed trade friction between China and the United States, and the price of gold is at an all-time high, but it's hard to get back to that of cattle in the middle of the year.
At this point, we still maintain the mid-October judgement on gold prices. In the short term, there are three main downward pressures: first, trade friction between China and the United States has slowed, and the Trump government has expressed its position on China.
Softening and often releasing positive signals; second, de-escalating the Russian-Ukrainian conflict is expected to rise; third, the U.S. government is in the final stages. With the combination of the above factors, the market has stagnated as a representative of the risk-avoidance assets, and the previous gold market appears to be too emotional, yellow.
In the medium term, in October, the Federal Reserve will again initiate interest-reduction operations in a semi-final scenario, with the possibility of a further 25 basis points in December.
High, lower benchmark interest rates would lower the opportunity cost of holding gold and drive gold prices up. From a long-term perspective, the continuing process of reverse globalization by the US government destabilized the United States dollar as the foundation of the global currency, and the size of the United States fiscal deficit was causing widespread market concerns about the security of US debt, while yellow was the source of widespread concern about US debt.
Gold remains the preferred asset for debt sustainability and dollar trends, emerging markets continued to buy gold in 2025, long-term gold prices remained the same, and we expect the price of gold to be high in four quarters.
Taking into account the three-quarter gold price hikes and the company ' s performance in the first three quarters, and taking into account our assessment of the four-quarter gold price movements, we have adjusted the company ' s profit projections. 2025 - friction over-expected, United States economy over-expected, corporate mineral gold under-sales, focus.
Construction was not as high as expected. Figure 3 Volatility in the size of mineral gold production (tons) Figure 4 Volatility in the size of mineral gold sales (tons)
Figure 5 High re-innovation of domestic and foreign gold prices in the third quarter (US$/ounce, dollar/gram) Table of analysis and projections of financial statements