Mountain Gold International (000975.sz) - Three-quarterly report.
Three quarterly reports issued by the company: 14996 million won in the first three quarters, compared with 24.23 per cent in the previous three quarters; 2,460 million won in the net profit on the return of the mother, compared with 42.39 per cent in the previous three quarters; 2,446 million won in the net profit on the deduction of the non-profit, compared with 36.96 per cent in the previous three quarters; and sales of core products: 5.59 tons in the previous three quarters, compared with 10.99 per cent in the previous three quarters, sold with 5.98 per cent in the previous three quarters.
Gold prices and cost data: the average value of gold in the previous three quarters was $750.35/g, of which q3 was $797.17/g, ring + 3.11 per cent.
The cost of gold is $145.19/g, compared to +1.67 per cent, of which q1/q2/q3 combines amortization of the cost of gold before resources, and future growth is expected: 1) the main asset of the osino is the twin Hills gold mining project in Namibia, with 127.20 tons of gold resources, 66.86 tons of gold reserves, and the project has started construction.
The construction of the plant is scheduled to begin in the fourth quarter of this year, and is expected to start in the first half of 2027, with the delivery of 5 tons of gold capacity per year.) The Chinese gold mine, a cut-off gold mine acquired in 2021, belongs to the country ' s rare type of kalin-type gold mine, has great potential for mining, and is now moving forward with the project of expanding the license.
The introduction of open-air mining, simple production processes and relatively low mining costs are expected to result in a semi-annual evaluation of Mountain Gold International (000975.sz): operating robustly and cashing gold in tons of gold production capacity in the future. 3) The company handed over offshore shares to the Hong Kong Federation on 24 September.
Annual Report Review: Gold Cost Strengths, Futures (h-stocks) and Listing of Applications on Hong Kong Union Main Board. Three-quarter Report Reviews of Mountain International (000975.sz): Low Cost Precises, New Item
The semi-annual review by Mountain Gold International (000975.sz): the further reduction of the cost of mineral gold and the risk of future expansion of the returns.
Investment advice: maintain a “better than the big market” rating. The endowments are prominent, the cost advantages are clear, and there is much room for increasing gold production in the future as resources are stoked and new projects are acquired and purchased, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
The company published three-quarterly reports in 2025: 14996 million won in the first three quarters, or +24.23%; achieved substantial growth and fully enjoyed the elasticity of performance resulting from the rise in gold prices. So sales are largely in line with expectations.
In the first quarter of this year, the average price and cost of gold was $750.35/g in the first three quarters of the year, of which the average q3 was $797.17/g. Ring ratio + 3.11%. In addition, in terms of cost, after the company’s consolidation of mineral gold in the previous three quarters,
The cost of q45.19/g, or +1.67 per cent, of which q1/q2/q3 combined amortization costs are significant cost control capabilities and cost advantages are also evident.
Figure 4: Net profits (millions of dollars) of companies ' branches. Resources ahead. Future growth is expected: 1) 0sino, a mining enterprise acquired in 2024, has achieved a zero break in overseas M & As projects, whose main asset is the twinhills gold project in Namibia, gold.
With a resource of 127.20 tons and a reserve of 66.86 tons, the construction of the project has been initiated, and the construction of the selected plant is scheduled to begin in the fourth quarter of this year, with production expected to begin in the first half of 2027, with the delivery of 5 tons of gold capacity per year. 2) The Chinese gold mine is a cut-off gold mine acquired in 2021 and belongs to the country ' s rare type of carin-type large gold mine, with enormous potential for mining.
Large, work is currently under way on the expansion of the permit to return to production, using open-air mining, simple production processes and relatively low mining costs, which are expected to bring in two to three tons of gold capacity per year in the future. 3) The company submitted to Hong Kong on 24 September an application to issue offshore shares (h shares) and place them on Hong Kong ' s main board;
Successful listing will help companies to further deepen the strategic layout of globalization, accelerate overseas business development, consolidate industry, expand diversified financing, and enhance the firm’s core competitiveness. Investment advice: maintain a “better than the big market” rating.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free of any third party approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.