The cost of the gold has been reduced and the incremental project has been steadily moving forward -- three-quarterly review period 2025.
Incidents: 3-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2025: the company achieved business income of $14.996 billion during the reporting period, an increase of 24.23 per cent over the same period; the net profit from the parent was $2,460 million, an increase of 42.39 per cent over the same period; the volume of gold produced by the company declined slightly: the company ' s 2025q3 season of mineral gold, mineral silver, lead powder, zinc powder
Decline in the three-quarter gram cost ratio: During the reporting period, the cost per unit of sale (after combined amortization) of company minerals, mineral silver, lead powder, zinc fine powder was 145.19, 3.08, 7381,
In January 2025, the company acquired prospecting rights for gold exploration in the Maungxi area of Yunnan Province, surveying an area of 35.6 square kilometres, and the subsidiary acquired prospecting rights in the sequestered area of Yunan Province, exploration rights for gold and polymetallic mines, surveying an area of 20.38 square kilometres.
In the first half of 2025, the company Qinghai Tsaistan Trench gold mine was mined 3.85 tons of additional gold metal and 5.79 grams of grade per ton on the outskirts of the Eastern Anjin mine. On the overseas side, the construction plan for the sosino project in Namibia began in full in the fourth quarter of this year and is expected to start production in the first half of 2027.
The company’s gold-mining resources are more continuous, and the forward increase in mineral gold is higher than the start-up of h-stock listing and the deepening of globalization strategy: the company submitted an application to Hong Kong Federation on 24 September 2025 to raise funds for the construction and exploration of the mine in Osino, and for internal mining.
According to information submitted by the Ports Unit, the main purposes of the fund-raising are: to continue construction and exploration of mines located in China and overseas, and to acquire high-quality mining assets on a larger scale over the next five years.
First, in the South, West, and Central and South-East Asia, domestic priority is given to the north-east and south-west.h Stock listings are expected to further deepen the strategic layout of corporate globalization and enhance corporate growth in the future.
The company’s gold resources are more continuous, growing more certain, and the company becomes 1. [Galactic colouring] Company evaluates the performance of Gold International: Gold Price Increases 2. [Galactic colouring] Company evaluates the performance of Gold International: Performance meets expectations.
3. Risks of geopolitical changes overseas; 4) risk of more than expected impact of customs duties imposed by the Central American and Caribbean countries; 5) risk of less than expected completion of the public sector project. I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.