In the evening of 3 February, the company issued an announcement in response to market concerns caused by the sharp fall in stock prices in the afternoon and increased the interval between performance forecasts for the year.
Accumulated net profits have increased by 30-70% over the year. As a result of the company’s presence in the fourth quarter of 2020, the company’s 2021 stock issue was successfully adopted in the afternoon’s interim stock-holders’ meeting, and operations have progressed steadily.
The up-scaling performance forecast shows a good business dynamic, a continuous expansion of the advantage track Inputs, the industry exploration phase into the AI 2.0 scale commercial, dividend realization phase with the hope of gradually forming a “data-arithmetic-product” loop on the advantage track to construct the “new needs-and-substitute”
A competitive advantage, leading to benchmarking cases, applications, standardized products, and thus enabling companies to perform, is now running a 2g, 2b, 2c business landing model on the education track. 2b Regional learning solutions show results, and by the end of December 2020, smart classroom products were produced.
In 34 provinces, more than 30,000 schools, more than 850,000 service teachers, more than 1.2 million service students, more than 9 million teaching sessions for teachers, more than 18 million school preparation sessions, 56 per cent reduction in teacher preparation time, an average 45 per cent reduction in the length of the re-entry exercise and a 28 per cent increase in classroom efficiency in 2021.
Once again in January, it awarded $688 million in intellectual education in the Golden Water District of the city of Chengzhou, and the replicability of the business model was validated, moving gradually from the Angkor to the whole country.
Artificial intelligence and big data technology, analysis of each student’s daily studies, precision positioning, knowledge points, which give each student an average of 40 minutes’ duration of work, an average match of more than 75%, and a fault resolution rate of more than 90%.
The software has been upgraded to 54 versions. Since its launch on July 22, 2pro has been accurate. 1. "Waan's Securities _ Computer Industry _ In-depth report _ Quest " , which has helped students to find weak knowledge sites totalling 1,3255,000, and has been made thin by personalized learning and practice.
Weak knowledge points have reached 74.9 per cent since the start of the market, and have been recognized and loved by a large number of consumers, with a high rating of 4.9+ for Skycats and 98 per cent for Kyouta and more than 89 per cent for every month.
2. The overall satisfaction is high with the DEP of the Huaann Securities and Computer Industry, which insists on using a flyer. q2 is back to good performance, with an advantage to speed up the track.
We believe that this closed-cycle business model of 2g-2b-2c not only brings to the company the dynamic of the continued growth of Model Business 2020-08-23 in the field of education, but is more likely to expand to other areas of advantage, such as health care.
“Waaan Securities_Computer Industry_Data Review _Canadians Creates New Growth poles. So we can't simply position the news as an education letter: q3 performers, artificial intelligence-scalers.
Energetic enterprises, which are based on artificial intelligence technology, the accumulation of data in the field of specialization and the setting of the scene, with a further "20-10-27" capability, run-down-scale business models of artificial intelligence in various niches.
The firmness to develop confidence through a substantial increase in the shares of the firm by the firm's firm owner. The firm's successful increase project, through the deliberations of the shareholders' assembly, is expected to finance the firm and its associated enterprises in the amount of $2-2.6 billion. We believe that there are two main objectives:
1) Increase in the shareholding ratio of real owners, strengthen corporate control, and show confidence in development. The current ratio of ownership of companies by Chairman Liu and his co-actors is 16.17%, which is at a lower level. President Liu shares with the company ' s long-term interests.
The share of internationally held companies has been raised to 18.99%, further consolidating the control position. Moreover, a large amount of real-estate subscriptions to companies to increase their shares, demonstrating their firm confidence in the future prospects of the artificial intelligence industry and the company, has contributed to the firm’s long-term stability.
2) Replenishment of operating capital needs to speed up the development of the ai business. With the growing size of the company’s operations, especially the company’s “data-arith-product” closing up in the education track, the region’s demand for finance is growing as a result of the implementation of the curriculum solution.
We believe that the new starting point of the firm’s market value of hundreds of billions of dollars is to increase the company’s shareholdings through targeted projects, and that there is a high degree of recognition of the company’s business development, and that it will continue to be associated with the company.
The company is currently in phase 2.0 of its artificial intelligence strategy, which is gradually forming a closed ring of “data-arith-products” and is expected to move away from a project-based, custom-based business model to a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c to achieve artificial intelligence technology on a commercial scale. The company is expected to achieve business income by 2020/21/22.
1. The spread of the epidemic, the restrictions on business activity and the demand for orders, both domestic and foreign; 2) the insufficient level of government investment in areas such as education, health care, etc.; 3) the lack of recognition and dissemination of consumer products;
Contact persons: Shau Yiu, Applied Mathematics University, four years of financial experience, formerly employed in the self-employment of domestic and foreign securities research sector. Contact persons: Zhao Yang, Xiamen University, seven years of work experience, formerly employed in Ni, Keysight, 5g, and Smart Networked Motors.
Use legally compliant information, produce the present report independently and objectively, use the data and information used in this report from the market, do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or make any changes in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be receiving any form directly or indirectly as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.