1. The company issued an announcement on the evening of 7 February, and the board received a recent report from Mr. Liu Kyung Feng, President and President of the Board of Directors, on the fact that the chairman no longer served as president and resigned as president of the company.
In order to focus more on the future development strategy of the company, the development of its core mechanisms, and the strengthening of talent development, the Board of Directors of the Department agreed, on the proposal of Mr. Liu Qingfeng, that Chairman Liu Qingfeng should no longer serve as Managing Director and be appointed Mr. Wu Xiaohu.
President of the Corporation, in charge of the regular management of the company, whose term of office is in line with that of the current Board of Directors. (2) An announcement was issued in the afternoon of 7 February on the website of the City of Lukhu, which announced the winning results of the Great Data Systems Procurement Project in the Zhejiang Region.
This is the second billion-dollar order this year in the field of education, which compares the company's prices with the advance of 300 centimeters.
The successful introduction of the CEO system, the growing maturity of the management team, the evolution of the CEO cycle to a full-time president, and the successful introduction of the CEO system. We believe that the resignation of the President of the Celebrity Peak and his replacement by Executive President Wu Xiaoyu is a smooth transition from the Presidential system to the Presidential system.
In order to achieve a better level of management, the company has been exploring the introduction of a “Role CEO” system since 2014 and has evolved into a “Presidential” system.
The president is no longer a president and focused on a far-reaching future. Thus, the change of president has been a natural transition from president to president, and in the long run it is a sign of the growing maturity of the corporate management team.
Management teams are becoming more mature, and the time has come to implement the CEO system. Looking back at the company's development in recent years, we believe that, under the management of rotating CEOs, the company has achieved good development results, especially since 2019, when the AI 2.0 strategy was implemented, the company's management and business capabilities have been on a new level, per capita.
Corporate income has reached new milestones, cash flows have continued to reach record levels, and the core business is gaining momentum for healthy development. As a result, the current introduction of the CEO system has a good operating base.
1. The new president of the In-depth Reporting Section of the Huaann Securities and Computer Industry is highly competent and has an in-depth understanding of the company ' s business and ensures strategic coherence.
The new Managing Director, Mr. Wu Xiaoyu, had previously served as a director and executive director of the company, a founding team of the company, and had held management positions in the company for many years, with a good understanding of the company’s business.
Wu Xiao Yiu has a strong technical capability, and is a doctor of electronic engineering at the Chinese University of Science and Technology, q3 with a bright performance, an artificial intelligence-scaler, a senior engineer.
Winners of the 2020-10-27 Award for Major Technological Innovations in Industry were granted a special subsidy by the State Council in 2010.
In terms of technical specialization, business familiarity, managerial competence, and so on, Wu Xiaoqiao has taken the lead: up-scaling the performance forecast for the year, adding projects have the strong competence to serve as Managing Directors and to ensure consistency in corporate strategy.
On track 2021-02-03, after the outgoing President of the Board of Directors, it is hoped that more attention will be focused on future development strategies and the development of core corporate mechanisms, which will contribute well to corporate development.
This year, the company has marked hundreds of millions of orders in the field of education. In mid-January 2021, 688 million yuan worth of smart education projects in the city's Golden Waters, and again in February 2021, it won the lake.
One hundred and twenty-six million smart education projects in the Qingjiang region, the replication of the business model, which is expected to move gradually from Anhui to the whole country, have now been able to run the 2g, 2b, and 2c business landing mode on the education track.
The success of the regional curriculum solution showed that, by the end of December 2020, intellectual classroom products covered 34 provinces, with more than 30,000 schools, more than 850,000 service teachers, more than 1.2 million service students, more than 9 million teaching sessions for teachers, more than 18 million school preparation sessions for teachers, and equal time for teachers.
Each reduction of 56 per cent, the average time spent on re-engineering exercises decreased by 45 per cent and classroom efficiency increased by 28 per cent. Personalized learning manuals and machine products emerged in 2c. Individualized learning manuals are based on artificial intelligence and big data technology, analysis of the daily studies of each student, and weak precise positioning
Knowledge points, where the average duration of each student’s work is about 40 minutes, with an average match of more than 75% and a fault resolution rate of more than 90%. In 2020, three products were released, and 54 versions were added to the cumulative scale.
Helping students to find weak knowledge points totalled 13.255,000 and, through personalized learning and practice, reached 74.9 per cent of the poor knowledge points solution rate, which has been recognized and loved by a wide range of consumers since the market, with a high rating of 4.9+ for Skycat dsr and a 98 per cent rating for Kyouta and more than 89 per cent per month.
We believe that this closed-cycle business model of 2g-2b-2c, which is more than just a continuous growth dynamic for companies in the field of education, is more likely to expand to other areas of advantage, such as medical care.
Companies create a number of new growth poles. So, we cannot simply position the news as an education-based business, but rather as an artificial intelligence leader based on the ability of artificial intelligence technology, the accumulation of data in the field of specialization, and the setting of the scene.
The company is currently in phase 2.0 of its artificial intelligence strategy, which is gradually forming a closed ring of “data-arith-products” and is expected to move away from a project-based, custom-based business model to a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c to achieve artificial intelligence technology on a commercial scale. The company is expected to achieve business income by 2020/21/22.
1. The spread of the epidemic, the restrictions on business activity and the demand for orders, both domestic and foreign; 2) the insufficient level of government investment in areas such as education, health care, etc.; 3) the lack of recognition and dissemination of consumer products;
Contact persons: Shao Yung, M.A. Xiamen University, seven years of work experience in Ni, Keysight, 5 g, and Smart Networked Motors.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.