On January 18th, the company announced that it would issue a non-public plan for the year 2021, and that it would issue shares to the executive, Liu Qing, Chairman of the executive board and its controlling firm, Angkor, to raise $2-2.6 billion in funds.
By raising funds, after deducting the issue, they will be used entirely to supplement liquidity funds. By increasing the shares of the company by means of a fixed increase, the controllers will increase their shareholdings and develop confidence with determination 1) increase the shareholding ratio, strengthen corporate control, and show confidence in development.
The price of the company compared to the trend of 300 deep and its co-actors together hold 16.17% of the company ' s shareholdings at a lower level. Director Liu shares with the company ' s long-term interests.
The share of internationally held companies has risen to 18.99 per cent, further consolidating the control position. Moreover, the high level of firm subscriptions has demonstrated a strong confidence in the future prospects of the artificial intelligence industry and the company, which is conducive to its long-term stability.
2) Replenishment of operating capital needs to speed up the development of the ai business. With the growing size of the company’s operations, especially the company’s “data-arith-product” closing up in the education track, the region’s demand for finance is growing as a result of the implementation of the curriculum solution.
The company has now entered the development phase of artificial intelligence 2.0, with a greater focus and strength.
The track has evolved into a closed "Data-Arithmetic-Producer" contest, which has created a competitive advantage of the "New Need + Substitution" that has produced stick cases, applications, standardized products, and commercialized the company's core technology. 2020h1, the education track has generated revenues of 1,397 million yuan, an increase of 34.44 per cent compared with 34.44 per cent;
The therapeutic track has achieved 74 million yuan, an increase of 664 per cent over the previous year, and the company's various dominant tracks are accelerating the pace of the draft " Hua'an Securities _ Computer Industry _ In-depth Report _ Scientific and Technical Report " , which, according to the terms of the equity incentive scheme, increased its revenue in 2020 at a rate of 2019.
We believe that the growth of the company ' s performance in 2020 is guaranteed and that q4 single quarter is expected to be achieved.
The company is currently in phase 2.0 of its artificial intelligence strategy, which has gradually led to the closure of its data-arithmetic-products.
3. Huo An Portfolio Industry Point Assessment Section, expected to move away from a project-based, customized business model to a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c, Q3 performance bright, artificial intelligence-scaler
The scale of artificial intelligence technology is commercial. Companies are expected to achieve business income by 2020/21/22. 1) The spread of domestic and foreign epidemics, limited business activity and less demand for orders; 2) Government investment in education, health, etc. is not as strong as expected;
3) Consumer product recognition and diffusion have had less than expected; 4) industrial competition has increased, and firms’ pre-emptive advantage has gradually diminished. Contact person: Shayuan, a university of applied mathematics, four years of financial experience, has worked in the self-employment of domestically financed securities, and in the foreign equity research sector.
Contact person: Zhao Yang, Master of the University of Xiamen, seven years of work experience, worked in Ni, Keysight, 5g, and Smart Networked Motors. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that there will be no change in the information and advice contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.