On 18 January, the company released a non-public release plan for 2021 to raise the actual shareholding ratio of Liu Qingfeng, the firm ' s real controlling owner, and to consolidate corporate control: the former chairman of Liu Qingfeng
Directly holding 4.40 per cent of the shares of the company, holding 2.31 per cent of the shares of the company through Stewardship, obtaining voting rights for 5.72 per cent of the company's shares by means of a vote, holding 3.75 per cent of the company's shares in the Convergence Actors Section, and controlling 16.17 per cent of the company's shares in the Real Controls of Liu Qingfeng and CQC.
The voting rights are at a lower level. According to the index ceiling, the share of voting rights in the combined control of the company by Liu Qingfeng and Quantities will be raised to 18.99% after this issue, further increasing the stability of corporate control and consolidating the control position of those actually in control. At the same time, physical control
The firm’s firm confidence in the future prospects of the artificial intelligence industry and the company’s future is evident from the undisclosed shares of the manufacturer’s subscriber. The firm’s long-term stability will be facilitated by the creation of additional capital to supplement liquidity to support the demand for rapid growth in the company’s business: with the company’s operating rules.
This increase will allow companies to obtain more liquidity. On the one hand, the financial strength of the public sector will be further enhanced to optimize the capital structure of the company and operate for the company.
(b) On the other hand, the firm ' s core competitiveness and resilience to macroeconomic volatility have been enhanced, including through the development of a strategic approach to business growth and business strategy, which has facilitated firms ' strategic pre-eminence in rapidly developing artificial intelligence industries;
To contribute to the healthy and sustainable development of the company, high growth will continue, and the developers will focus more on 2020-10-27.
• The company ' s business growth this year is expected to resume: in 2020, the company ' s regional-level project on the teaching of solutions for the Qingjia and Harbour poles was more effective, as the model of teaching is expected to start rapidly and rapidly this year, and the learning machines and personalization learning manuals are also the focus areas of the company this year.
This year, consumer business has been affected by the epidemic at a rate of ups and downs and ups and ups and ups and ups and downs, and the education business is still expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
Slow, but in the second half of the year, the company released new smarts like tws headphones, scan dictionaries, etc., 3 and Science News Flight (002230): as the impact of the epidemic fades, the consumer business is expected to resume gradually this year.
The epidemic highlights the need for artificial intelligence to combine the Internet with education and medical depth, while artificial intelligence is one of the key components of the new infrastructure, accelerating ecological construction and applications.
With the prospect of a rapid growth in the industry, a steady growth in performance has been maintained, and the “buy-in” of Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is in place.