America’s group (stock code: 000333) had higher financial costs during the period, resulting in a stabilization of net interest rates. Toc’s operations abroad improved, and the price of internal sales air conditioners recovered: 1) 2025q1-3, corporate smart households
(b) Intra-market sales: sales within Toc grew faster than sales in the first half of the year, with 25q2 owners of land-based thinking competing for air-conditioning prices and raising market shares with the use of the Hanole brand, but with a negative impact on the Maori rate;
After 618, the company restored the price of air conditioners, avc data, and in September the average retail price on the U.S. branded air-conditioning line increased by 20.1 per cent and 12.3 per cent, respectively, and led to an increase in the Māori rate of domestic sales.
Revenue from air conditioning is growing slowly. Retail sales have increased rapidly in the first three quarters of the two high-end brands of the "colmo+Toshiba" . Subdistrict washing machines are hot. The corporate channel dtc is leading the transformation industry and is expected to continue to have an advantage in the domestic market, driven by the transition to retail. 3) Outward sales: industry chains due to changes in United States tariffs.
Redistribution has had some negative effects on corporate external sales of 25q2, but 25q3 has recovered significantly. The offshore market, obm, gives priority to the continuous improvement of basic capabilities and service systems. 25q1-3, obm accounts for more than 45 per cent of Toc ' s overseas income. (4) The current market is concerned about the negative impact of the country ' s regressive slopes on inward sales.
With the recovery of overseas markets, there are better hedges. Tob's operations are growing faster, building technology and new energy performance are strong: 1)2025q1-3, corporate tob revenues are higher than +18%, reversing the earlier growth slower than toc. We expect to see an increase in tob operations.
The situation will continue faster than toc. 2) In the first three quarters, smart architecture and technology generated $28.1 billion, equal to +25%. The acquisition of the Swiss arboniaclimate and Toshiba elevators (China) has increased public revenues, but has not contributed to the profits and is in the process of integration.
The downside is larger, but the beauty is growing well by increasing its market share in each segment. Warm house data, the share of building technology in the first half of the year is more than 20% in the domestic online market. The U.S. data centre ' s liquid cold industry chain is also an important supplier of spare parts. 3) New energy and industrial technology operations are fast.
In the first three quarters, it was 30.6 billion yuan, or +21%. The subsidiary's electronics revenues, profits, and a relatively deep 300-percent performance chart have also made significant progress in the base-building project. 4) The company continues to push for “ai+industrial robots, home-power robots, etc.”
The robotics strategy of the first three quarters of the year was 22.6 billion yuan, or +9%, in robotic and automated operations. Domestic business is gaining momentum. Over $9.3 billion has been bought back, and plans to write off in the future, taking into account that the company expects a 70% red rate.
By branch of operation, 2025q1-3, corporate toc operations (intelligent household operations, including air conditioning, ice washing, cooking power and other household appliances) earned +13 per cent of the same income and +45 per cent of Toc ' s overseas income; +18 per cent of the same revenue, including new energy and industrial technologies/smart architecture technology/robots and automated operations, respectively, generated $306/281.26 billion.
Figure 3: Annual operating income of companies (by internal and external sales)
Table 2: Splitting Tables of Company Division Reports (subcategory) (ii) Corporate Main Financial Chart 8: Corporate Mothers ' Net Profit and Yoy (quarterly)
Figure 9: Companies ' annual roe-average, Māori sales, net home country interest rate
(i) Downside of the country ' s regress, with a drop of 2.5 per cent in household air conditioner sales in September and short-term pressure on air conditioners expected to continue in September. 1) Industry online data on the volume of 5.94 million air conditioners sold in September 2025, compared to 2.5 per cent.
As a result, in the provinces there is a tendency to control the rate of expenditure on subsidies, mainly in the form of daily subsidy restrictions, reduction in the number of subsidized items, suspensions, etc., and, on the other hand, in the light of weather disturbances, installation was hampered by successive rains throughout the country in September. (2) In October, retailing on the air-conditioning line was significantly better than below the line. vc weekly data, 25w40-42 (9.29-10.19) is empty.
Retail sales/retail sales are equal to +0.9 per cent/-1.3 per cent respectively, and some of the channel enterprises are partially offsetting the pressure on the national reciprocating slopes; line 6. q4 follow-up q4 production shows that the industry has some prognosis on the base of the national replenishments of last year, as well as on the impact of the current national regressing slopes. Industry online data for the month of 10/11/12 reflect 11.5 per cent/-8.4 per cent/-9.9 per cent respectively compared to the previous year’s sales performance in the same period.
Cgs (ii) Average domestic air conditioner prices improved after the end of the price war in China's Galaxy securities.
1) The average retail price of the air-conditioning line continued down in April-July, 3978 yuan in July, down 10% from April; the average price went up in August, 4132/4300 yuan in August; the average price went up and down in October, down to $4003 in the third week. The average retail price of the online market went up again, and 25w42 (10.13-10.19) was 2457 yuan per station, up from 13.1% in June.
The share of sales has remained at around 14% for almost a year, with no consecutive increase in the ring. The competitive pattern in the industry has improved, during which the general profit rate of AC-II has increased and the market share has risen.
The average retail price has reached $2359 per station, compared with the average price of June +14.9 per cent, and the rest of the brand line has improved to varying degrees. (iii) The continued decline in the volume of air conditioners exported since May, with attention to the corporate offshore production base The shift in export emissions compared to the export performance of the same period last year - 9.4 per cent/-6.6 per cent/-1.2 per cent, continues to reflect the transfer of United States orders abroad and exports to the same base.
3) The global production base for air conditioners is widely distributed, with Thailand being the main air conditioner production base outside China, with 8.8 per cent of imports of United States air conditioners (sitc7415) in 2024 from Thailand, but with some impact on US customs risks, overseas supply chain construction can hedge risks for high-quality listed companies.
4) Low air-conditioning penetration rates in emerging market countries and the European region, with high global temperature for years and high growth in air-conditioning exports, particularly in 2024, where there is currently some channel stock de-escalation. But the trend towards higher penetration rates and global warming trends figure 27: Share of exports from major domestic air-conditioning companies (external/internal, 25/24o1-3)
(iv) Central AC sales are under pressure, but exports are growing; Central AC sales continue to suffer from the low rate of real estate markets and the slowdown in the pace of industrial investment. Industry online data, Central AC sales in 2024, $121.5 billion, a decline of 3.8 per cent compared to the previous year, is mainly due to the continuing low level of real estate markets, slower pace of industrial investment, and the emptiness of central investments.
In January-August 2025, central air conditioners sold 77.4 billion yuan, a fall of 8.2 per cent in comparison with the previous year, with the same August as China ' s enterprises increasing their global competitiveness and increasing their share leading to a better growth in exports in recent years. Industry online data for 2024, central air conditioners exported 23.2 billion yuan, an increase of 39.8 per cent, and export sales of 16.8 billion yuan in January-August 2025, an increase of 16.7 per cent.
(v) Thermal pumps: the domestic promotion of high-quality development in the heat pump industry, export of which is seen as a bottom-reflection in internal sales, average sales in the heat pump in 2024 and expected to benefit from good policies in 2025. On 2 April 2025, the National Development Reform Commission, among others, issued a joint action programme for the promotion of high-quality development in the heat pump industry, with a policy focus on the construction of heat pumps in the country.
The priority areas of construction, industry, agriculture, transport, etc., offer a 20% or more increase in energy efficiency for priority heat pump products by 2030, and a breakthrough in core technologies such as high-temperature heat pumps, high-efficiency compressors, and new refrigerants. According to industrial online data, in 2024, domestic heat pump sales are expected to be supported with policy power, corresponding to 100 billion-grade market space.
On the export side, the sharp fluctuations in the European heat pump subsidy policy have led to a large stock cycle of heat pump exports over the past two years. From the second half of 2024, the European-American heat pump has been moving out of the reservoir cycle, with a one-month growth rate gradually improving. With the same base low, the heat pump exports grew by 22.5% in January-August 2025.
Figure 34: Size of sales in heat pumps and rate of increase in the same year (monthly) Figure 35: Size of exports of heat pumps and rate of increase in the same year (monthly) III. Ice washing: internal sales are dominated by updated demand
(i) Internal sales are dominated by demand for renewal, which has been on a platform for many years The demand for refrigerators in the market has been on a long-term basis, with sales peaking more than a decade ago due to electricity and electricity from the countryside. In ice boxes, during the period 2019-2024, there was a relatively stable platform, with a slight decline or a small increase in sales. In 2024, the recipient country ' s policy of remediating the home and replacing the new government with an old one.
In the second half of the year, domestic sales grew by 3.1 per cent (industry online), as a result of the recovery in the refrigerator market since the second half of the year, and industrial online data, the output of refrigerators in October-December 2025 was 11.7 per cent, 10.9 per cent, and sales of washing machines were similar to air conditioners, respectively, as compared to last year ' s output, thanks to the effective use of old and new policies to activate potential demand, adding consumer preferences.
Qualitative and energy-efficient products contributed to the structural upgrading of the product, with a cumulative volume of 4.482 million sales in washing machines in 2024, an increase of 6.7 per cent over the previous year. Figure 40: Volume of sales in washing machines (annual)
China's Galaxy Securities Institute (II) followed by pressure for ice-washing exports, our national electricity company actively pursued the global layout, adding up to the demand released by emerging market countries in recent years, and our refrigerator in 2024.
Exports grew by 18.6 per cent, showing a sharper performance. Industry online data on refrigerator exports from October to December 2025 compared to last year ' s performances of -1 per cent, -1.5 per cent and -4.1 per cent, respectively. Our washing machines have advantages in terms of technology, cost and bulk production, and tariff concerns on the overseas market have prompted businesses to raise them.
Pre-deposit volumes in 2024 amounted to 45.11 million exports, an increase of 17.3 per cent over the same period; industry online data on the export of washing machines in October-December 2025 compared to the previous year ' s performance of +1.9 per cent, +5 per cent and -0.9 per cent, respectively.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.