All-air passenger fleet private aviation division, single-air profits first to repair the Southwest Securities Institute.
In 2024, the company achieved revenue of $5.317 billion in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 288 per cent in the same year and a decrease of 16.39 per cent in the same year in the net return to the mother of $677 million.
In 2019, before the outbreak, the company had about 20 million single-organized profits, and while continuing to lead the industry, it was gradually recovering to pre-epidemiological levels. In the future, with the industry going up, the company’s low-cost model is becoming more efficient, and the company’s single-plan profits are expected to rise to 2019 levels.
In the context of normal operations and long-term business development, where profits are earned in the current year and accumulated undistributed profits are positive, the profits are distributed in cash, with annual cash distributions of not less than 30 per cent of the share of the profits available in the current year. In 2024, the total cash share of the company was 798 million yuan (including taxes) in cash.
• Profit forecasting and investment advice. Given the strong cost-control advantages of the company and the fact that the profitable industry is ahead, we appreciate the company’s profitability elasticity and long-term value. The net return profit is expected to be 27.1, 1 spring/autumn: the country’s first low-cost airline in 2025/26/27.
In keeping with the “two highs, two lows” business model, Chunqiu Air Co. Ltd., one of China's first private airlines, was established in 2004 in Shanghai with the approval of the General Directorate of Civil Aviation of China.
In the early stages of its operation, the company operated international and regional routes, starting in 2010 and accelerating in 2011 the pace of opening international and regional routes. By the end of 2024, the company had a total of 212 air routes, of which 159 were domestic, 2 Hong Kong and Australia, and 2 international.
51, the company ' s international flight routes involve 6 destination countries and 17 international destinations in Thailand, Japan, Korea, Cambodia, Viet Nam, Singapore. Figure 1: Corporate network coverage map (as of late 2024)
China’s civil aviation massization strategy is a catalyst. Companies attract a large number of market customers on the basis of price advantages, consisting of more price-sensitive, self-financed travelers and commercial travellers pursuing high value for money. From the first voyage in 2005 to the end of the first quarter of 2025.
One of the largest private airlines, and one of the leading low-cost airlines in North-East Asia, can be summarized as “two, two, two, two.” Since its inception, companies have adhered to low-cost aviation business models, building on the success of low-cost aviation abroad, to the maximum extent possible.
In November 2023, Wang was jointly controlled by Wang Junghua and Wang Changhua through succession.
Wang Changhua, who is a co-actor of Wang Changhua and Wang Yu, has a combined share of 64.74% of the shares of Wang Chenghua has also strengthened his control by signing the Agreement on Concerted Actors with 23 other natural persons who are shareholders of the Spring and Fall Brigade, in order to develop the capacity to continuously dominate the Spring and Fall Brigade and the decision-making of the company’s board of directors and shareholders.
In 2024, the company achieved business income of $20 billion, a year-on-year increase.
In 2024, China National Airlines and Māori dropped slightly, and the cost rate remained low. In 2024, the company ' s Māori ratio was 12.94%, a 0.55pp decline. While companies continued to invest and passenger occupancy increased, air passenger fares fell by the same rate, with domestic routes.
As a result of changes in the industry’s business strategy and the changes in the passenger structure, international airliners’ receipts have declined as a result of a gradual return to normal prices as a result of the growth in international transport capacity. However, the unit cost has improved, the aircraft’s daily utilization rate has increased, and the prices of aviation oil have decreased by a factor of 10,000; the cost has been 4.7 per cent over the period, down by 0.1 pp over the same period in the previous year, and the cost control advantage has been maintained.
In 2019, before the outbreak, the company’s single-machine profit level was much higher than the pre-epidemiological level, while gradually recovering to pre-epidemiological levels. With the industry’s upwards and the efficiency of its low-cost model increasing, the company’s single-machine profits are expected to rise to 2019 levels.
If profits are earned in the current year and the accumulated undistributed profits are positive, the profits are distributed in cash, which is not less than 30% of the distributed profits realized in the current year.
With a total share of 798 million yuan (including taxes), in cash, and a centralized competitive bid, a recovery of 6865 pages has been implemented, assuming that, on the assumption that, as the economy recovers, the demand for air travel, especially low-cost aviation, is expected to rise further, and I assume that the downside of oil prices in 2025, the pressure on aviation fuel costs is reduced and the efficiency of the company's fleet is improving.
Taking into account the strong advantages of corporate cost control and the fact that the industry is ahead of the profit-making power, we appreciate the company’s profitability elasticity and long-term value, which is expected to be 1) the risk of volatility in the macroeconomic cycle: the development of the civil aviation industry is closely linked to the fluctuations in the economic cycle.
On the other hand, the civil aviation sector is vulnerable to interest rates and exchange rate fluctuations because of the high asset-liability rate and the high foreign-currency debt: while crude oil costs are one of the major costs of aviation operations, fluctuations in crude oil prices also affect companies’ costs.
The civil aviation industry is highly affected by economic cycle fluctuations. 2) Risks of change in aviation policy: In the context of industry regulation, the China Civil Aviation Authority deals with airline operating safety standards, the management of clearance for open rights, the management of operating licences for the legitimate operation of airlines, aircraft procurement and leasing, and aviation personnel administration.
Changes in aviation policy in the areas of air traffic management, domestic and international route layout, flight timing, etc. will have an impact on the future development of companies’ new, encrypted routes, and fleet expansion operations. Moreover, as the purchase and leasing of aircraft require approval by the National Development Commission and the Civil Aviation Authority, company fleet expansion plans will also be influenced by the State’s regulatory approach to the civil aviation industry.
3) Risk of fluctuations in the price of aviation oil: The oil industry is one of the major components of airline production costs, and the wave of oil market prices has a greater impact on airline production costs and hence on airline profitability. 4) Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: some of the company ' s aircraft purchases and the procurement of shipping materials are denominated mainly in United States dollars and are subject to exchange rate fluctuations.
Impacts. In the event of large fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate, exchange gains and losses will arise, which will result in no direct or indirect compensation for the company ' s financial position and business performance, neither for its reasons nor for its specific recommendations or views in this report.