Resource and Environmental Research Center Luxemburg (603993.sh) buy-in (first rating) Integrated resource tap to start a new expansion cycle
The company is mainly involved in the selection, smelting and deep processing of Congolese copper, Chinese bronze, Australian copper gold, Brazilian phosphorous mines and the trade in ixm basic metals. 21 In the first half of the year, mining operations accounted for 14 per cent of the total and Māori 55 per cent of the total, including copper and cobalt.
Dwelling 51%, Māori 62%, contributes to major performance elasticities. Copper prices are short- and high, demand is good in the medium to long term, and corporate expansion projects are showing elastic performance gradually at the end of demand, with global photovoltaic, new energy, and wind and copper demand estimated at 1.99 million tons in 22 years.
At the end, in 22 years, the world ' s major copper mines have grown with about 685,000 tons of new capacity. Global copper stocks have been declining and are currently at low levels. Copper prices are now running from $5,200 at the beginning of 20 years to $9,800 per ton, with the postnatal company ' s copper capacity increasing to 450,000 tons per year, double the current level.
Copper sales in 23 years were 194.5 million tons, 2202 million tons and 2356 million tons, respectively. Cobalt nickel demand for new energy sources has continued to grow, and companies have become global cobalt taps demand ends, with batteries growing at an annual compound rate of 14 per cent, with 5g driving electronic consumption growth.
The company owns two major high-quality copper and cobalt mines, tfm and kfm, with the largest reserves of cobalt resources in the world. Cobalt sales are expected to be 145,000 tons, 17,000 tons, and 19,000 tons, respectively, in 21-23. With regard to nickel, a 60,000-ton wet smelting project in Indonesia, which was invested by the Department and the Chinese-American cobalt industry, has been launched.
▪ Metal trade opens up the company’s stable growth attributes. The company acquired the basic metals trade in July 1919. The company’s performance is reduced by the fluctuations in metal prices and the growth attributes are enhanced.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected, metal price volatility and renminbi currency exchange rate volatility are at risk.
First, third in the world. After 2012, the company, which started off with a combination of copper, cobalt, phosphorus, nickel, americium, and other metals, has become a source of upstream ore, and is now known globally as a combination of tungsten, one of the world ' s largest producers and the second largest producer of cobalt and thorium and seven global producers.
The producers of molybdenum and the leading copper producers, the production of phosphorus is the second highest in Brazil, while the company's basic metal trade is the third largest in the world.  owns the production of ore mining and the metal trade in five major business plates.
The operations were divided into four main sections: the Congolese copper and cobalt business block, the Chinese platinum business block, the Basil phosphorus business section, and the Australian copper and gold business section. In addition, the company owned the third largest non-ferrous metal trader in the world in 2019, after which it had a separate ixm trade plate.
(b) In 2013, the company launched an Australian copper plate to buy the North Parks copper mine in New South Wales, Australia, at $5.6 billion.
In 2015, the company acquired phosphorus and phosphorus from the British American Resource Group, and in 2016 it became the second largest producer of phosphorus in the world and the second largest producer of phosphorus in Brazil. In 2016, the company acquired it at $2.65 billion from a large international mining company, fcx.
tfm copper cobalt mine in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. In 2019, the company, through a subsidiary in Hong Kong, purchased from the Swiss company Nsrc the world ' s top mineral trading company, sixm, for $500 million.
Chart 1: The company's five business blocks, Congolese copper and cobalt, cathode copper and copper.
Mines, cobalt hydroxide, molten iron, tungsten acid.
Ammonium (apt) refined metal trade ixm metal trade
The Luoyang industry, the mineral metal trade, the Australian copper gold plate.
Copper concentrate, gold, Brazilian phosphorus plate, iron, phosphorus.
The company's business is divided into mining and mining industries, and the company has contributed 83% of the total revenue over 20 years. The company is also involved in mining and mining operations. The mining industry comprises four main plates: copper, cobalt, platinum, copper gold, and phosphorus.
In mining operations, 18,476 million yuan was collected, a decrease of 4.1 per cent, or 16 per cent, compared with the previous year; in mining trade, Congolese copper and cobalt sheeting accounted for a relatively high 45 per cent share of mining operations. The mining industry was composed of Congolese copper and cobalt plates, Chinese tiles, Brazilian phosphorus plates and Australian copper and gold plates.
On a 20-year basis, the ratio of revenue to the four operations was 45 per cent, 19 per cent, 28 per cent, and 8 per cent, respectively. On a certain scale, the revenue from the copper and cobalt plate determined the company’s elasticity.
$112.9 billion, with a five-year compound increase of 200 per cent; net profits also increased during the period, and the net gains of the company benefited from a significant shift in the main business, from a single slab to five large blocks of copper, cobalt, zirconium, phosphorus, copper gold and trade, upstream resource product varieties.
The company’s Māori rate is stable, and the Māori rate is clearly associated with metal prices. The reason for the 19-year decline in Māori rates is that the company acquired the ixm Metal Trading Company, and the company added a new trading plate, a trading plate.
Figure 6: Corporate overall Māori rate continues to increase Figure 7: Highest Māori rate in mining
ii. Global high copper prices + Congo 10k projects are being released, with company performance elasticity gradually showing short-term high copper price shocks of 2.1, rising demand for benefits from rising medium- and long-term copper prices up to two times the demand for and supply of copper, and high international copper prices.
World copper production rose by 4.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and consumption increased by 3.3 per cent, both on the supply side and on the demand side. At the beginning of the twentieth century, international copper prices recovered from $5,200 per ton at the beginning of the year to $9,800 per ton in recent times, up by more than 80 per cent.
The price of copper is closely related to the dollar value, which, in the past, has shown a negative trend towards the dollar index. During the period of the epidemic, the Fed has shown a negative trend.
A number of interest-rate reductions have continued, resulting in the depreciation of the dollar and a certain increase in the price of major commodities against the dollar — on the supply side: the copper mine supply has increased in size and is expected to produce 680,000 tons in 22 years. As a result of the epidemic, copper mining projects, which were scheduled to start in 20 and 21 years, have been delayed to varying degrees, mainly because of the impact of the epidemic.
According to statistics, the world’s leading mining companies have increased production capacity, which has led to a decline in copper stocks in the world’s major markets. According to the International Copper Research Organization (icsg), by the end of October 21 the three largest global exchanges (lme, shfe, and cox) had copper.
A total of 232,682 tons of stocks, 25.7 per cent less ring than in September, and less than at the end of December 2020
The share of electricity consumption in the country's downstream consumption is 49%. The share of household electricity is about 17%, that of transport 9%, that of electronics 7%, and that of construction is expected to rise steadily in the country's electricity sector.
The country’s total electricity investment has been at a high level in recent years, and it is expected that copper consumption will have a greater chance of smooth growth next year. Traditional demand is stable, and capital and domestic electricity demand are expected to recover.
The working session has set the pace for “stable growth” next year. The expression “ensures the intensity of fiscal spending” and “enhanced domestic demand strategy” in the specific measures are expected to stimulate capital and consumption.
Speeding up is expected to stimulate capital demand in the first half of next year. In terms of expanding domestic demand, the country is expected to continue to tap into consumption capacity in rural areas through subsidies such as “home power downland.”
The need for light voltage, wind power, new power vehicles to pull copper is estimated to be 1.99 million tons of copper worldwide in 22 years, 1.7 million tons of copper for wind power plants in 21-23 years.
Softs, transformers, gear tanks and cables, according to smm data, the wind power loader consumes 5,400 tons of copper/gw, measuring 1.7 million tons of copper in 21-23 years. Global photovoltaic copper demand was 3.32 million tons in 21-23 years. Copper in solar energy is mostly used for collectors.
The amount of copper used in electric vehicles in 21-23 years can be 23,200 tons. The amount of copper used in new energy vehicles is higher than in conventional cars, and there is a heavy use of electrical resistance and copper rings inside the machines. With the high sales of new energy vehicles, the amount of copper used has increased significantly.
Copper requirements. Based on an icsg estimate, the amount of copper consumed by electric new energy vehicles is 83 kg/car, and the number of conventional vehicles is 23kg/car, nearly three times higher, thus measuring the copper advantage of the copper used in electric vehicles in 21-23 to expand their mining resources by 2.2, and copper production doubled over the next three years.
In addition to the Congolese tfm and kfm copper cobalt mines, the company also owns the Australian npm copper gold mine, with a combined production of 20,966 tons in 20 years. The Congolese copper and cobalt mine is an important mineral resource for the company, and in 20 years the Congolese copper and cobalt plate contributed to 45 per cent of the mining of the entire mine, with greater elasticity. The company currently owns the Congo.
In 2020, companies bought 95% of the kisanfumining (kfm) interest (after turning 23.75% of the interest in the Ningde era).
The total mineral resources are approximately 365 million tons of ore, the average copper grade is about 1.72 per cent, the average copper metal is about 6.28 million tons, the average cobalt grade is about 0.85 per cent and the cobalt metal volume is about 3.1 million tons.
Figure 20: Corporate copper production came from copper and cobalt and copper gold plates – July 21, when the tfm copper and cobalt mine 10k enrichment project began production. The project is expected to reach production for two months, with 3.3 million tons of ore processed in the design year and an increase in disposal from 15,000 tons to 25,000 tons per day.
The project produces 885 million tons of cathode copper and 72.8 million tons of cobalt lightly oxide annually. In terms of the increase in metal production, it is expected that, according to the company’s 20-year report, some 20,000 tons of copper production will increase.  In August 21, the announced tfm mixed mine project, which is expected to double the production of copper in the 23-year post-partum period.
The company invested $2.51 billion in the tfm mixed mining project, which can increase copper and cobalt production and optimize tons, which has resulted in a significant increase in tfm copper and cobalt production, which is expected to produce 200,000 tonnes/year and 17,000 tonnes/year of cobalt, at which time the company will own 450,000 tonnes/year of copper and 38,000 tonnes/year of cobalt metal.
Tons/year production capacity can double current production. Third, new energy metals are approaching the upper zone, and the demand for cobalt nickel is expected to rise by 3.1, with high demand and supply-side disruptions and high cobalt price shocks.
Prices: We believe that the increase in the current round of cobalt prices is due to supply and demand constraints and inadequate maritime transport, resulting in a global low-cobalt reservoir. Chinese cobalt metal prices have increased by more than 30% after 20 years and are now stable at more than 300,000 tons.
Demand: high demand for cobalt in batteries, cagr = 14%. 5g drives the growth of electronic consumption, global and China’s new energy vehicle sales data continue to grow, and downstream certainty logic increases again.
▪ Maritime transport: Congolese cobalt ore in South America is transported mainly through the sea to China, with slow recovery from the outbreak and high freight costs increasing transport costs to a certain extent, resulting in restrictions on transport.
At the end of the demand: as projected by cru, cobalt cagr can reach 25% by 2025 in the battery area. The demand for cobalt downstream is mainly in the battery sector, which accounts for 53% of the demand, and is also the highest increase in recent years.
The consumption of batteries accounts for about 74% of the consumption of electronic batteries, mainly for cobalt tetraoxide; 26% of the power cells, mainly for cobalt sulphate. The downstream consumption of electronics consists mainly of mobile phones, computers, flats, etc.; and the power cells are mainly for new energy vehicles.
▪ As the penetration rate of 5g increases, the demand for consumer electronics inevitably increases, boosting demand for cobalt. Global intelligence will accelerate, with two major shifts in consumer electronics fundamentals that will be better in the long term and more conducive to cobalt demand.
After the epidemic, people’s consumption habits have gradually shifted to teleworking, increased reliance on smart equipment, and a long-term increase in electronic consumption. The shortage of chips is expected to be reduced.
The shortage of chips is expected to improve in 22 years. The future rate of long-term smartphones and panels is expected to increase cobalt demand. Figure 27: Global smartphone output is expected to improve in 21 years (millions)
Figure 26: Negative shifts in global flats (millions of new energy vehicles are increasing cobalt demand for power cells) after 17 years. New energy car eruptions will continue to boost cobalt demand. The China Automotive Association expects that in the next five years, China ' s new energy car cagr will not be low.
Cobalt-free batteries are difficult to achieve in the short term. Some head-manufacturing companies are working to make batteries non-cobalt, using nickel instead of cobalt, in order to reduce costs, but the technology is not yet mature, and large batteries, such as lax and lig chemistry, are still unable to produce cobalt-free batteries in quantities.
At the supply end: Cobalt resources are highly concentrated in the Congo. Seventy per cent of world cobalt production is concentrated in the Congo, which produced 95,000 tons of cobalt in 20 years, and 140,000 tons globally in that year. The lack of outbreak control in South America is likely to exacerbate supply-side disturbances.
▪ Resource concentration has continued to rise, with only three mega-mines above the global scale of 10,000 tons, with three major mines accounting for 35% of total global production. Twenty years of energy, companies, and three Europe-Asia Resources Divisions produced 2.74, 1.54 and 1.55 million tons, respectively, representing 35% of global production in 20 years.
In 19 years, the Government of the Congo established the egc State-owned Cobalt Industry Corporation, which is expected to integrate Congolese private mining and mining and to raise the concentration of cobalt mines again in the Congo. 3.2 With two major high-quality cobalt-mining mountains, energy metals will become a new performance growth point.
Cobalt: Corporate resources are the largest in the world, and cobalt minerals can reach 38,000 tons/year in the future. The company holds 5.59 million tons of combined cobalt resources in the Tenke and kisanfu mines, and, according to the 20-year report, 4.71 million tons in the Katanga and mutanda mines.
Cobalt production is currently 17,000 tonnes/year. The company currently owns tfm of the tenke mine, and the annual cobalt production is expected to reach 17,000 tonnes/year after the 10k project.
The company ' s cobalt design capacity has increased significantly from the current period. 20 years, the kisanfu mine, acquired by Kfm, is the world ' s top cobalt resource. kisanfu has 3.1 million tons of cobalt metal, an average cobalt grade of 0.85 per cent, and cobalt resources exceed known levels.
In the three main mines, the company held only 2.49 million tons of metal from the 10:00 mine, and in the last quarter of a million tons of cobalt ore resources from the Canary Cobalt. kfm project deeply tied downstream customers to the Ninder era.
In April 21, the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Ningbo-Pop, a Ningde-era subsidiary, to obtain 25% of kfm holdings at a total price of $1.375.
The company holds 75% and 25% of the kfm holdings in the Bump era, respectively, and the kfm holdings hold 95% interest in the kisanfu copper and cobalt mining project.
Under the conditions, priority is given to logistics and marketing services from the Lomak Holdings and its subsidiaries.  Nickel: the 60,000-ton nickel cobalt-wet-wet project in Indonesia was launched, the company was re-enhanced and the project started to project test production and successfully produced the first batch of qualified products.
The acquisition of 30 per cent of China's nickel-cobalt equity and investment in Indonesia in partnership with Hwa-Yo-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Ki-Yi-Ki-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Ki-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi, is-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi-Yi.
Small metal operations: smooth growth and stable profit-making contributions. 4.1: Strategic metal resources resistant to high temperatures, rising prices for tungsten concentrates as manufacturing heat rises
The price of tungsten, which was affected by the excess supply of the tungsten industry in 2020, is generally weak. According to Anteco data, the average price of black tungsten concentrate (65%23) in the country was $848 million in 2020, a decrease of 4.8% in comparison with the figure, during spring holidays, two meetings, environmental monitoring, and so on in the first half of 2021.
Against the backdrop of soaring metal prices, the market for tungsten as a whole showed a booming market trend, with an average price for black tungsten concentrate in the country of $9.47 million per ton in the first half of the year, an increase of 11.76 per cent over the same period.
In the beginning of the year, against the backdrop of the country’s strong push to upgrade its high-technology and equipment industries, domestic demand for the tungsten market is expected to rise again in the second half of 2021, with relatively tight supply and demand growing, and relatively optimistic, with a projected high swing in the price of tungsten concentrate in the second half of the year.
Tungsten tungsten: predominantly domestic supply and target distribution Tungsten is an irreplaceable and non-renewable strategic metal resource in the national economy and modern national defence, with high melting points, high weights, high hardness physical properties, widely used in the general mechanical industry, and is used in the modern state of national defence.
The automobile industry, the modelling industry, the energy and heavy industry, the aerospace industry, the electronics industry, the electrical industry, the ship industry, the chemical industry, among other important areas, produced 84,000 tons of tungsten globally in 20 years, and the country produced 69,000 tons of tungsten, or 82 per cent.
Global tungsten resources are unevenly distributed, and according to usgs, the globally detected tungsten reserves in 2020 were 3.4 million tons, mainly in China, Russia, Viet Nam, Canada, Kazakhstan and the United States, with 1.9 million tons of tungsten, or 56 per cent globally.
At the supply end: the target for the first batch of tungsten mining rose by 20% in 2021. According to data published by the Ministry of Natural Resources and the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the total control target for the first batch of tungsten mining (65%23) was 63,000 tons in 2021, an increase of 20% in the same year.
According to data from the China Non-ferrous Metal Industry Association, 1,386 tons of tungsten concentrate were produced domestically in 2020 (65 per cent women3), a decrease of 4.7 per cent in the same year, and 666666 tons of tungsten (65 per cent women3) were produced in the country in the first half of 2021, an increase of 0.25 per cent in the same year.
On the demand side: hard alloys are the largest downstream demand for tungsten, increasing with the demand for tungsten. According to Anteco, China ' s consumption of tungsten in 2020 totalled 5.72 million tons, an increase of 1.31 per cent over the same period, and demand for tungsten downstream remained stable for nearly three years. The demand for tungsten downstream increased steadily during the first half of 2021.
In addition, China's consumption of tungsten amounted to 3110,000 tons, an increase of 16 per cent over the same period.
Molybdenum is widely used in the iron and steel industry, in colored gold industry, in nuclear industry, in aerospace industry, in chemistry, and in electronics. China's molybdenum metal is rich, with cr3 reaching 80%.
With 18 million tons of molybdenum, China accounts for about 46 per cent of the total, and is the richest country in the world, with a concentration of about 80 per cent in cr3. Global molybdenum production in 2020 was 300,000 tons, while China, Chile and the United States were the world’s top three metal producers, with China producing 120,000 tons of molybdenum, a percentage of the total.
Domestic molybdenum consumption, 106.4 million tons, or 43 per cent of the world, rises from year to year. Suburban molybdenum demand, 80 per cent of which is concentrated in the steel industry, mainly in the fields of alloy steel, stainless steel, tool steel/high-speed steel, and casting iron/steel. Molybdenum, as an essential additive in steel, can effectively upgrade steel.
After a recovery in the manufacturing sector, global demand for molybdenum rebounded. In 20 years, demand for molybdenum fell significantly to 5.5% of the disease.
4.2 The country's traditional business is dominated by a combination of resources and the company is one of the world's largest producers of tungsten, the world's top seven producers of molybdenum, the main products of which are iron, apt, etc., and the main marketing market is in China.
The company has high-quality resources in the country, the Sanjia mine in Sasakawa: a total of 41.28 million tons of resources and a total of 2,025.3 million tons of tungsten, with an average grade of 0.126% and an average grade of 0.106% for molybdenum. 18.29 million tons/year.
The remainder of the resources is 11 years old. The company is currently in the process of processing the mining certificate for the sum of 459,000,000 tons of molybdenum and 3,788,000 tons of molybdenum, with an average grade of 0.185% and an annual yield of 199,000 tons.
Xinjiang Hamidon Gobi molybdenum mine (not mined): 508,000 tons of molybdenum metal resources, large in size. The area of the mine is 7,6503 square kilometres. The resource deposits in the mine exploration area amount to 441 million tons of stones, 50.8 million tons of molybdenum metal, with an average grade of 0.115 per cent.
The Xinjiang molten mines did not carry out any exploration, development, and stable corporate sales in 2020, and the Maori rate was stable. As a traditional leader in the domestic industry, the company was more stable in its operations.
Fig. 42: In the last two years, the plate collection has fallen to a low point. V. Metal trading, opening up the company’s stable growth properties.
Based in Geneva, Switzerland, which deals mainly with the acquisition, synthesis, mixing, processing, transport and trade of a variety of basic and precious metal raw materials, as well as refined metals, the products are mainly destined for Asia and Europe.
The trade plate ixm is currently responsible for the sale of minerals for cobalt, Brazilian phosphorus and some Australian copper gold plates in South America, relying on the company ' s supply chain and logistics advantages to improve marketing efficiency and reduce combined costs. After 20 years, 2.74 million tons of mineral metals were sold and 2.6 million tons of refined metals were sold in kind.
The volume of metal sales has increased steadily since 19 years, and it is expected that the company will benefit from the following benefits as compared to the world metal trade leader, Tocko, and the trading model, using the global logistics storage system to improve the efficiency of the company’s operations and overall marketing.
The cost of selling has been reduced by 18% in 20 years on a year-on-year basis. On the net profit side, the metal trade contributed $772 million in 20 years, representing 33.71% of the net profit, an increase of 283% in 19 years, the largest net profit.
Direct access to resources from a large number of conduits, mineral producers, and smelters. This is also reflected in an increase in sales, with companies selling metals increasing 114 per cent in 20 years, compared to 19 years, and a decrease in mineral metal stocks.
Use of the current futures hedging model to reduce the risks associated with industry cyclicality and price fluctuations and create stable and sustained profitability for enterprises.
Figure 44: Corporate sales costs have fallen by 18 per cent over 20 years: the company ' s 10-ktower project was launched in mid-year, with a global latest copper price of $9,500 per ton in accordance with the 21-year plan guidelines and three-quarters, at about 60.8 million yuan per ton.
Māori ratio: 20 years of copper cobalt-rich Māori rate of 19.91 per cent, projected copper-cobalt prices this year based on higher copper prices in previous years: corporate operations are stable and demand for higher production and sales are expected to rise. Projected volume: company operations for phosphorus are growing steadily and demand for higher production and sales are expected to rise.
On the other hand, the price of iron is expected to be 202,000 yuan per ton in 21-23 and phosphorus tons at the Māori rate: 28.83 per cent for phosphorus in 20 years, rising global price of phosphorus, driving plate price: copper dominated the copper gold business. Copper sales are expected to be 1.97/2.16/24 million in 21-23 years.
Tons, gold sales of 2.002.06.21 million ounces. Prices are at the latest global copper price of $9,500 per ton, equivalent to about $60.8 million per ton. Gold prices are based on international gold prices and are expected to be valued at 21-23 ounces per ton, with reference to comparable companies in the same industry, giving the company a market value of 23 years 20 times greater than that of the company.
The company’s tfm mixed mining project and kfm project are currently in the construction stage.
In some cases, the epidemic in South America, where it is located, is more uncertain and may disturb construction, leading to delays in the project. The metal prices are lower than expected.
It will have an impact on the company’s performance, and then an average of the final ratings will be calculated as the market’s average investment.