Tupou Group (601689.sh) Automotive auto parts and components iii
Six months of higher growth in corporate revenue continue to be explained by: (i) a higher rate of growth in downstream customers, upper steam and other sales, and a better growth in company-backed products; (ii) an increase in the performance of Fordonna; and (iii) the gradual growth of new operations, such as smart driving systems, as new growth points. Net profit increases are lower than we had previously expected, mainly because of the fact that the net profit increases are lower than we had expected.
With the rise in raw materials prices (affecting the Māori rate) and the significant increase in fixed asset investments (which led to the increase in depreciation costs and the tie-in of autonomous brands to the head), demand for Nvh products has increased considerably with the sale of guilds. The company’s top two clients are common and profitable. In the first half of 2018, jiri sold 76.6 million vehicles, an increase of 44 per cent over the same period.
Forty-nine% of the target for vehicle sales. The company’s future supply of good-interest products is expected to increase further, as a result of the high growth in the sale of Gilly cars, and the high demand for Topnvh products (a 15.6% and 11.04% increase in revenue from shock absorbers, interior parts, etc.).
Fortuna has also increased its performance, and the business layout of the chassis system has continued to improve. 2018h1 company chassis system operations received $590 million, an increase of 277.73 per cent over the same period, with a significant increase in revenue mainly due to the Fodona table. As the consolidation progresses, the Fodonna chassis business (the structure of the chassis of the car chassis, the total of the ex-couples, etc.) and Takupu are light.
Quantified aluminium alloy chassis operations (aluminium exercise arm control) are expected to gradually integrate and create synergies, and future growth will be coupled with an active layout of the smart driving system, with ibs yield expected to further boost income and Maori rates.
In 2016, an additional $2.8 billion was earmarked for the smart brake system (ibs) and auto sub-vacant pump (vp).
Top Group: In-depth binding of high-quality, self-directed enterprises, Top Group: Quarterly report performance, high performance year round Top Group: overperformance, new products and big orders
Tupou Group: benefits from the “triple” and autonomous branding of cars. First, higher growth in net profits is maintained and net profits are increasing at a lower rate than expected.
Rendering of $437 million, an increase of 12.86 per cent over the same period; Māori rate of 27.99 per cent, a decrease of 1.92 percentage points over the same year; net interest rate of 14.21 per cent, a net profit of $237 million, an increase of 10.71 per cent over the same period; and Māori rate of 26.95 per cent, a net interest rate of 15.06 per cent. Corporate revenue continued to grow higher in the first half of the year.
(2) Fortuna has also increased corporate performance; (3) new operations, such as smart driving systems, have become new growth points. Net gains have increased at a lower rate than we had previously expected, mainly because of higher raw materials prices (which affect the Māori rate) and significant increases in fixed asset investments (which have led to higher depreciation costs).
Sub-operational: Intra-Facility Business income of 2018h1 was $1,199 million, an increase of 11.04 per cent over the same period; Māori rate was 22.58 per cent, with overhead costs and sales costs covered by the scaling-up effect. Figure 6: Corporate sales, management, financial cost rates for the last five years
Figure 7: Three rates of cost to the company in the last five years: a smooth growth in business of 2018q2 and short-term pressure on profits: 218q2 companies achieved operating income of 1,578 million yuan in a single season, an increase of 34.85 per cent in the same year; a net return of 237 million yuan, an increase of 10.71 per cent in the same year; and a Māori rate of 26.95 per cent, a decrease of 2.74 hundred dollars in the same year
In the second quarter, corporate revenue continued to grow at a steady pace, with short-term profit bearings. Second, with business going hand in hand, the company's performance is expected to be steady upwards, with an autonomous brand running, and the demand for Nvh products growing more with the sale of gypsies.
The high growth in the sale of Gilly automobiles has resulted in a strong demand for company nvh products (15.6% and 11.04% on the same basis as the business income for seismometers, interior parts). As gypsies will continue to roll out new vehicles in the second half of the year (including a full new suv, a full succulent).
Millions of dollars, an increase of 277.73% over the same period, and a significant increase in revenue is mainly due to the Fodonna table. As the consolidation moves forward, the Fordonati business (car chassis structure, ex-couples, etc.) and Taku’s old light-quantified aluminium alloy chassis operation (aluminium-control arm) are expected to increase further.
Active deployment of smart driving systems, ibs’ output, is expected to boost income and Māori rates further. Companies are actively moving to technology-based enterprises, with $2.8 billion in additional funds earmarked for the smart brake systems (ibs) and auto electronic vacuum pumps (evp) projects in 2016.
At present, vp has achieved a yield of $68 million, an increase of 31.08 per cent over the same year. ibs are expected to produce more in the year, and their future output will help to further increase corporate income and improve the Māori rate, owing to the higher value of ibs bicycles (expected to be around $1,500) and the higher Māori ratio (expected to be over 40 per cent).
(b) The volume of vehicles sold by downstream customers is not as high as expected; and the volume of products produced by smart driving systems is not as fast as expected.