Lightly quantifyed Nvh's two swords, and the chassis's abstinence, the Topper Group's depth report, Yang Raki.
The Top Group is a national product of car nvh (shock reduction, soundproofing, etc.) and aluminium alloy chassis light-quantified spare parts (s14805101200144), which has developed rapidly in recent years, thanks to its excellent performance in Quillie, general-purpose business.
A 14.5 per cent rate; a 28.4 per cent increase in year-on-year revenue in the first quarter of 2018 and a net profit of $199 million, compared to the previous period, we believe that the future growth of the company ' s business and profitability had been clearly underestimated in terms of total equity/currenta shares (millions of shares)
The bottom plate is a light mass, light mass b/h shares (in thousands) yielding 5-15 times the mass on a spring like car. The bottom plate is a lightly quantified three arrows (control arm, etc.).
The control arm has become a trump, and the most difficult side racks have been produced, leading the country. The company’s light-quantified business is good enough to match the light-quantified and national production-substituting needs of the entire factory under pressure from the “double points” and the new energy continuum, which is expected to reach 72% in the next three years.
The company’s bottom line for shock relief (lined) products, aluminium alloy lightly quantified products and newly acquired high-intensity steel control arm products are flexible enough to form multiple aggregates, meet the needs of different customers, and significantly increase the company’s chances of winning orders in the future.
The company has been working closely with the more powerful sales in recent years, the higher, the higher, the higher, the higher, the more common, and the more universal worldwide. Successive access to the large platform will result in a significant increase in revenue in 2019.
Automobile electronics: The electron vacuum pump (evp) and the smart brake booster (ibs) form a forward and forward relay. The evp matches the pure power and booster pattern and has entered multiple mainstream car platforms, which are expected to grow significantly this year; the ibs are the most important link in the adas, and research and development is progressing steadily.
Topper Group (601689): Lightly quantified nvh pairs of swords and chassis operations are in place, for the following reasons, we believe that Topper is capable of obtaining performances that exceed previous market forecasts:
Aluminium alloy chalking is expected to burst with a 72% cagr collection (control arm, turnover section, and sub-scree) from 2017 to 2020. The current level of light quantification does not meet the country's requirement to reduce fuel consumption to 5l/100km in 2020.
The main product - the aluminum alloy control arm - is capable of very good land-consolidation, driven by a “double fraction” of the car factory, of vigorously pursuing aluminium alloys as an alternative to steel-based plate parts, and the trend towards the replacement of aluminium alloys as a lightly quantified national product.
It's 5-15 times the body and cover. We assess that the company's aluminum alloy control arm account is more than 30% in the domestic market. On the basis of the success of the control arm, the company will be able to produce two parts of the aluminium alloy chassis this year -- turning to festivals and side racks. Both are expected to be new in the field of low-level quantification of the chassis, with the company's performance in 2019 and 2020.
There's more to the bottom plate business than there is to the bottom. There's a great variety of aggregates between the products of the bottom plate of the company, which greatly increases the competitiveness and flexibility of the company in its search for new business with the company's entire shop customers. The company's bottom plate parts are already being lined and suspensed from their original isolation.
In the future, the ibs are planned to produce. The new energy vehicle will help in the creation of new nvh components.
The rapid roll-out of electric vehicles provides new opportunities for the development of spare parts for the Nvh group. The absence of motors does not mean that the requirements for spare parts for Nvh can be relaxed.
Some of the spare parts outside the engine are made for pure electric car noise, which is more difficult to handle than engine noise. The company is a domestic Nvh component tap, which is more powerful in the type of electric car, with general use, and onboard vehicles.
With extensive layouts, partners in cars, and the introduction of the aluminium alloy structure project into Teslamodel3, the company has accumulated a wealth of experience with electric car appliance, which is expected to lead the market with new opportunities for electric car nvh.
According to the company’s annual 2017 report, the company’s main clients are Gilly Motors, Uplift General, Uploaded Cars, Long Anfort, General Global, and Volvo. With the exception of Chang Anfort, the entire factory has been selling more rapidly in recent years than the average passenger vehicle, and has continued to produce more powerful product cycles in recent years.
At the same time, Tesla announced that production in the last week of the second quarter was close to 6,000 model3, signalling that the volume of the vehicle was on track. As a supplier of Tesla aluminum alloys, the company was expected to sell close to 200 million in 2019.
The East is a source of wealth and wisdom, the Top Group (601689): lightly quantified nvh pairs of swords, and the bottom plate is in place.
1.1 Nationally produced taps of tremors, interiors and aluminium alloys control arms are mainly engaged in the development, production and sale of car parts and components, and are dedicated to the reduction of seismic noise, comfort control, light weighting and intelligent driving.
The company has the highest level of technology and research and development in the car nvh area. On the basis of this process, the company has the capability of synchronizing research and development.
Mainly branded auto parts and components manufacturers. The global R & D and spare parts procurement systems of well-known automobile manufacturers such as General Motors, Chrysler, Audi, BMW, Gilly and Volvo have evolved into integrated suppliers of car parts and components for two international and national markets, specialization and scale.
Among the company’s current main clients are car companies that have been heavily sold in recent years in traditional fuel and new energy vehicles, such as Gilly Motors, Uplift General, Universal Global, and Uploaded Cars. With respect to aluminium alloys and lightly quantified parts, the company has worked extensively with new car companies like Tesla and Versailles, and many projects are in progress.
A wide range of partnerships have been established among system providers such as O, Cebil and Magnus.
Four parts of auto electronics: earthquake-mitigating components: separation from car parts and road surface vibrations, enhancement of driving comfort, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Intracter features: separation of noise and heat sources from inside and outside the vehicle, and enhancement of the comfort of driving aluminium alloy chassis lightly quantified spare parts: including components of the chassis such as aluminum alloy control arm, turnover and side racks, up to fuel economy and vehicle control performance. Lightly quantified returns from the chassis are much higher than the body of the vehicle.
The company has been focusing on the chassis for years. With the drop of the “double points” and the limousine of the new energy vehicle, we believe that the three-year cagr of the company's aluminum base plate will reach 72%.
The company realized $5.1 billion in 2017, of which $2.33 billion, or 45.8 per cent, was in seismic parts; $2.3 billion, or 45.2 per cent, in interior parts; and $360 million in light-quantified components in aluminium alloy chassis.
The company has grown rapidly in recent years, with revenue and net profits growing. In 2017, it earned $5.1 billion, an increase of 29.3 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $738 million, an increase of 20 per cent in the same year and a net profit rate of 14.5 per cent; in 2018, it earned 28.4 per cent more in the first quarter, a net profit of $199 million, an increase of 15.5 per cent in the same year, and a net profit rate of 13.3 per cent.
The reasons why corporate revenue and net profits have continued to grow at a much faster rate than the industry average are:
The demand for high unit value products is on the rise. Figure 3: Trends in recent corporate collections and changes. Figure 4: Māori, Māori rates and trends in recent years
Top Group (601689): Lightly quantified nvh pairs of swords, bottom-plate business trends: net profits, net profit rates and trends in recent years for companies
1.2 The concussion-and-brief-like, light-quantity and electron-efficiency-reducing-reducing-wind product lines of companies consist mainly of multiple liners, suspensions, and twist-and-shock and metal rubber. These components are used between systems to isolate the adverse effects of vibrations. Companies supply the entire plant directly as first-tier suppliers.
The company’s previously won Gem platform business has already produced a number of vehicle-type products that will be fully marketed in 2019, when the marketing of the company’s shock-relief products will break out, with cagr projected to be 23% of the company aluminum alloys over the next three years.
Lightly quantified products that continue to grow at a continuous rate of more than 40 per cent, all of which are connected to seismic products, will provide a significant boost to the marketing of seismic products. Figure 6: Application of corporate seismic product lines in passenger vehicles
The company’s inner-fashion functional product lines consist mainly of interior accessories, suitcase accessories, and multiple insulation pads. The company’s soundproof products are highly integrated vertically and can produce some raw materials.
This part of the business grew by 45% in 2017. The company's soundproofing product now covers most of the car types of Gilly vehicles, and the future of soundproofing operations as it continues to evolve into a strong product cycle.
The company’s aluminium alloy chassis, which is lightly quantified, consists mainly of the control arm, the side rack, and the turnover. This represents a 45% increase in the number of year-rounds compared to the body. The aluminium alloy turnover and side rack operations will continue to grow inland in 2018, with the company’s flag droppings increasing, and the aluminium alloy product camp will continue to grow at a high rate, with a projected 72% in three years.
Figure 8: Aluminium alloy chassis light-quantified products.
Vacuum pumps (evp) and smart brakes (ibs) that will play an important role in intelligent driving. Of these, the evp operation has been produced in multiple models and will be significantly expanded in 2018-19. The ibs operation has started in collaboration with the entire factory and is being developed in a variety of ways. As the demand for adas continues to rise, the ibs operation is not operational.
Figure 9: Trends in the growth of the turnover of the company’s main business. The company’s shareholdings are clear, with the major shareholders being Mr. Xi Jiaki, a citizen of Hong Kong, China. Mr. Xiao holds 65.75% of the company’s shareholdings through his fully-owned Hong Kong company, McCorin Harbour, and a further individual has 0.68% of the company’s shareholdings.
2. Aluminium alloy light-quantified spare parts: three arrows in the control arm and three arrows in the car set.
The chassis is the most important lightly quantified area at this stage. The lightly quantified chassis generates much more fuel consumption and other components of control than the same range. The chassis is mainly of unsprungweight, with the same range of quality, and the lightly quantified effect is 5-15 times that of spring quality (sprungweight, e.g. body), which is equivalent to that of athletes.
2.1 Control arm: securely holding the dragon position and benefiting from the escalation of the hangar The company is the aluminium alloy control arm (including structural and functionally similar parts such as forks, poles, etc.) with the same head.
Since the start of bulk delivery in 2015, the trend in domestic passenger cars has been accurately captured, and business growth has been rapid. Corporate control arm business has reached 40% of business turnover, significantly higher than industry growth and higher than other company operations.
Aluminium control arm has a huge value-added advantage in light quantification of the vehicle's systems. The control arm belongs to the car's spring, and the light quantitative gain in quality, the quality of the spring, is 5-15 times that of the spring quality (body structure, coatings, etc.). As such, the control arm is one of the important areas where the chassis is lightly quantified.
Aluminium alloys, with the cost of bicycles rising by approximately $447. However, according to our assessment, because bicycles can reduce weight by about 13 kg, fuel consumption can be reduced by 0.33l/100km. Based on 15,000 km of travel per year, only one can save 50l or 350 yuan per year. In the life cycle of vehicles, the return on fuel savings is $2718.
Aluminium alloys control arm is 12 times more priced than aluminium body. The penetration rate of control arm seepage in the 2017 vehicle type in the domestic passenger market is only 7% of the vast space that will exist in the future.
According to our grass-roots research, aluminum alloys of the luxury car type have a higher penetration rate of 48%, Benz, Treasure, and Eastern financial and intellectual sources, using aluminum alloys to varying degrees in most of the national production models of Ma and Odie. However, aluminum is used in the normal car type.
The penetration rate of the alloy control arm is only 3%, but we note that the generic brands that apply components of the aluminium alloy chassis are basically brands with the main sales power or the flagship model, as in the case of Bori's in Jiri, the English in Buick, and the English in Fort Lit. Given the demonstration effect, the spread of aluminium alloys has accelerated.
By 2020, we expect to increase the average use of a vehicle aluminium alloys from the current 1.1 kg to 4 kg, and further to 6.9 kg in 2025. According to the expected increase in the share of luxury cars to 15% by 2025, this would be 240,000 tons of aluminium alloys and 8.2 billion market capacity.
The absolute increase is 7.2 billion yuan, cagr = 30%. The source of financial prosperity in the East.
2.1.1 Gilly General Tesla, Aluminium Control arm in thousands of homes. Based on accounts receivable, the share of the company ' s customers in Gilly Motors and Uplifts is significantly higher than that of other clients, accounting for 57% of the total amount of accounts receivable.
The most important customer. The application of the 2017 aluminium alloy chassis parts of the two flags that got out of the car is: We've noticed that in the Gilly and Upper General Motors model: The new car type has a large amount of aluminium alloy parts and components in the chassis: Gili Borege, which was listed in 2018.
Any car has a large portion of the base plate aluminium alloy, and in 2015 it was listed in General Beckwellan's aluminium alloy-control arm in greater quantities than all the previous Buick models.
In view of the demonstration effects of luxury brands and common brand flag fleet models, we believe that the future Aluminium alloy penetration rate of Tupou's customers will increase significantly. The Tupou control arm collection was 5.3/8.7/11.6 billion between 2018 and 2020.
2.1.2 Aluminium alloy control arm is the most flexible and lightly quantified application of the aluminium alloy control arm. Among the various suspension types, the most convenient lightly quantified replacement of the aluminum alloy control arm is a multi-strength suspension, with a share in recent years.
The multi-string suspensions are divided into four or five separate arms of control, one or several of which can be designed to be aluminium alloyed material, with a high degree of flexibility. An entire car factory with higher cost concerns can use a mixture of steel (or iron) aluminium, which can be carefully quantified step by step.
The control arm is used mainly in the three forms of suspension: the McFlyson, the forkarm and the multi-string.
Hanging type, McFlyson. Two fork arms.
Twisted beams, extra poles. Control arm per wheel.
As consumption rises, the share of the typical branded mini-cars will decrease, and the share of the co-located torque beams will decrease further. Their replacements, the multiple-string aluminum alloy applications and flexibility, will be higher. A sample survey of the generic brand model found that the proportion of the back-scratch multiple-strings has increased from 39% in 2016.
Figure 15: Changes in the share of domestic railings and torque beam suspensions.
In 2017 the Top Group acquired the high-strength steel control arm manufacturer, Fordona Motor Deck Company (several companies of Zhejiang and Sichuan Fordona, hereinafter, Fordona). The high-strength steel is a lightly quantified method that is second only to aluminum alloys, superior to the casting iron material. After the acquisition, the company raises aluminium in the area of the control arm and controls the aluminium alloys.
Fortuna’s 70% concentration on Jili cars, and the acquisition of Fortuna has transformed the scale of Topper’s control arm into the original.
About three times the total share of the control arm market (high-strength steel + aluminium alloys) has increased from 4.2% to 12.3%, and the acquisition has expanded the company’s downstream coverage, facilitating future access to more control arm operations, as well as other chassis services. In the context of product upgrading and stringent fuel consumption standards, we believe that the company’s downstream coverage has expanded considerably.
Figure 16: Fordonna’s turnover and net interest rate; Figure 17: Market share of the Topper Group aluminum and steel control arm after the acquisition of Fordonna
The supply of Jili Sichuan base at the Sichuan factory in Fortuna and the supply of Zhejiang bases and other customers at the Zhejiang factory is expected to create synergies with the Tupou group ' s plants in Sichuan and Zhejiang. 2.2 Turn to section: the bottom plate is the area of the highest price for light quantification, produced in the near future.
In 2018, the shift to savings was achieved, with significant contributions to corporate performance from 2019, when we forecast a harvest of more than 400 million in 2020. The shift to savings is also of the same quality as the spring, and one of the highest rates of light quantitative value in passenger vehicles.
Aluminium alloys have been developed in collaboration with the entire car factory, and products are expected to be produced in the course of the year. As lightly quantified, we believe that aluminum alloys will be rapidly replaced over the next three years with casting iron materials, with market capacity of more than 20% cagr and 6 billion by 2020.
The penetration rate for aluminium alloys in the car market is 27%, with Luxury car-type penetration already at 93%, plug-type 21%, and there is still much room for improvement. The extensive layout of the Group in the area of aluminium alloys control arm is expected to increase its future acquisition of more switch orders.
Yes. There are many similarities between the design and manufacture of aluminum alloys and the control arm: Figure 18: The manufacturing process of the switch and the control arm.
In addition, the switch-and-control arm can be linked by a liner. By offering these parts to the same supplier, the whole factory can reduce unnecessary consumption and shorten the development cycle of the parts.
The company also purchased the Austria Phil's fully automated production line and the German wave's five-axis processing centre to achieve a shift to the production and processing of high-intensity, high-precision products, such as a single aluminium alloy, with a light-quantified shift to section 2.5 kgg, with a single car at 40 per unit.
The number of postnatal deliveries can significantly boost the company’s income. Topu’s future development in the area of aluminum alloys can be seen in the context of Burtley (603596.sh).
From a customer structure, the company is larger than Burtley. We believe that Tupou's aluminum alloys will be able to earn 5-10% of the market share by 2020.
Figure 21: Topper's shift to business forecasts and aluminum alloy's move to osmosis projections 2.3 sub-scene racks: challenging the low-quantified peak of the chassis and upgrading the business segment
The company ' s aluminium alloy sub-plating operation, which achieved an autonomous zero-sum break in 2018, will, together with the turnover, bring a significant increase in company performance from 2019, and we expect to collect more than 180 million dollars in 2020. The co-cars are the skeletons and the main components of the front-to-back bridge.
It's like a man's shoulder and hip. The side racks can block vibrations and noise, reducing their direct access to cars. Traditionally, the side racks are made of pressurized steel. As aluminium alloys and connection processes mature, steel racks can be replaced by aluminium alloys.
Figure 22: Aluminium alloy co-robbery.
Lightly quantifyed absolute gains are greatest: individual steel co-roofs weigh 15-25 kg, made of aluminium alloy materials, which can be reduced by 40% on the original basis. Linking the company ' s multiple product lines to create synergies and provide clients with a full-scale chassis solution: co-lobes
Once developed, the division will be able to provide its clients with more integrated and flexible products. However, the aluminium alloy co-robe is one of the most complex structures, involving a variety of formulations and connecting processes.
Aluminium alloys are only 2.2% per cent permeable in the domestic car market; however, aluminium alloys are already being used in bulk on many of the country’s medium- and high-end models. As the chassis is slightly quantified, it is expected that it will soon penetrate the normal pattern.
The manufacturer is still in the process of development, with very little real output. In the state-owned joint-brand model, the aluminium alloy sub-shelter is used in Benz glc, BMW 5, Odiq5 and Bekwirand, where the suppliers are mainly cross-border companies such as Chassix, and Shanghai Pilberg.
In 2018, the autonomous brand made a zero breakthrough on the aluminium alloy sidecar. We noticed that the launch of the 2018 Gi Liberage (including the power-infused mix) and Biadidon had adopted the aluminium sidekick for the first time in an autonomous branding model that had achieved a certain amount of sales.
The company has identified the key points for the development of the sub-plate business and has begun to do the corresponding layout. The sub-plate, because of its size and its irregular shape, usually requires suppliers to lay the plant next to the entire factory. The company intends to continue to invest $2.5 billion over the next five years in the construction of the three chassis bases in Hangzhou Bay, Chang and Xian.
The three bases are close to the Gillian Bay base, the Xia and the Pony Base, respectively, and are confident that the company is ready to work well with the entire car factory in the future.
In August 2016, the company announced its receipt of orders for the Teslamodel3 chassis. According to the company’s network of officials, the company has the capacity to develop and manufacture the chassis slab parts.
Figure 25: Topup Aluminium alloys chassis, about three times the output of a quarter. We expect that Model3 will deliver about 180,000 vehicles during the year, which, at 50% of the total, will generate an additional 36 million dollars for Tupou.
The company’s subsequent marketing of this type of product is expected to be more organic, given the location of the Tesla brand and its good exposure. We expect China’s new energy vehicles to sell 1.08 million in 2018, and more than 3 million in 2022.
At that time, marketing of the company’s chassis structure would amount to about $270 million.Figure 27: China’s sales of new energy vehicles and the company’s sales of lightly quantified structural pieces are projected to be in addition to the company’s plans to march towards the body structure.
It's slower. However, the steel aluminium hybrid has already gained a significant market share, and high-strength steel is widely used in the critical areas of the body.
Figure 28: Application of different types of steel and aluminium in the body structure of the vehicle, according to the company’s network of officers, the company has started several parts and components of the body, including beams and b-pillars.
Figure 29: The successful development of the body structure of the car, the beam, the high-strength steel body, will be a new growth point in the company's business. The year's count results show that four of the top 10 negative car factories are Tupou's customers.
As the stricter double-centre standard approached by 2020, Takupu's clients had a greater incentive to accelerate the implementation of light quantification than any other plant. Figure 31: Average fuel consumption credits — the whole plant with the 10th negative in 2017
3.nvh shock relief and interior operations: new energy sources, new opportunities, 46 per cent of corporate revenue in 2017, an increase of 14 per cent in the same year.
In the interior: the company follows first-class car companies. The main customers continue to grow faster than the average passenger cars. The company is right. The company’s interior products are used in a large number of car types that are common to Gilly and upper gas.
At the same time, we believe that the spread of new energy sources has not reduced the technical requirements for seismic and soundproofing components, and that extensive collaboration between companies and mainstream firms will help to acquire more business in the new energy age and will grow into an industry giant in the future.
Topper Group (601689): Lightly quantified nvh pairs of swords and chassis operations are elastic links between the body and the chassis or body, typically fitted with various turnovers, control arms and co-cars.
Between the racks, effective decomposition of various shock loads and isolation vibrations contributes significantly to the stability of the entire vehicle and the comfort of travelling.
Figure 36: Application on vehicles The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom usually requires the installation of about 10 liners per vehicle at a unit cost of between $8 and $30 per liner.
3.1.1 The benefits of multiple poles to replace the torque beam and the increased market capacity of the liner The continued decline in the share of the torque hangars with less demand for the liner in recent years will facilitate the company’s expansion of the liner business collection. For the rear wheels of the car, multiple rods and torque beams are the two most widely applied.
In recent years, as a result of rising consumption, more and more manufacturers have increased their share of multi-strength suspensions due to such factors as manipulation. As a result, a gradual increase in market capacity can be expected in the future.
By 2020, 5 million vehicles will be replacing the flask with multiple poles, which will increase the demand for the liner by 40 million per year. At $15 per unit, the market capacity will increase 6.
The company, as the head of the domestic liner market, is expected to yield significant benefits. The lineup, based on the average market share of the company’s shock-relief products, can increase the flexibility of the package, which allows the company to provide a flexible mix of products for its customers.
It's connected by a liner to reduce the proportion of shocks from the road surface that can be passed to the carriage. So, the company's aluminium alloy base, lightly quantified parts, can be combined with the liner's flexibility to form a variety of aggregates. The effect is 1+1>2.
The company's competitiveness in obtaining new business from the entire company's customers. For example, Tupou's turn and the liner can form a strap, and the village's turn over to the sum of the whole piece of business, and the whole factory can hand over the whole piece of business to Tupou. This reduces the verification and coordination required for the entire plant, while significantly reducing the presence of other sources of supply in the development of Tupupou.
The liner business can increase the value of the company’s business on a bicycle. Aluminium alloys, a combination of aluminium alloys, liners, aluminium alloys, and aluminium alloy co-arcords, are the sum of aluminium alloys/backbridges, which are relative to the car chassis and even to the entire car system.
Once the development is successful and will be the first of its kind in the domestic market, the competition for corporate product lines will be greatly enhanced. Just considering aluminium alloys in small quantities and seismic components, the single car price is expected to exceed $4,000. At the same time, the back-to-back bridge build-up could significantly reduce the need for separate packages for each individual aluminium alloy supplied to customers.
These costs are often as high as 5 to 10% of the price of the car spare parts.
3.2 Suspend: new energy sources and three-cylinder machines increase market capacity, medium- and low-end rubber products are in a strong position, suspension of the total power of connection and chassis, the main functions of which are:
The current market is dominated by rubber suspension, hydraulic suspension, semi-active and active suspension, the latter two of which are the only categories.
In a few high-end vehicles applications, the Topper Group’s products are concentrated in the first two categories. Rubber suspension has a better position; hydraulic suspension has a low-frequency high-resistance feature, and high-frequency low-resistance applications are more extensive, although at higher cost.
The high-end semi-active versus active suspense diffusion is not as fast as expected, and technology is monopolized by a small number of multinational large parts and components.
However, the boom in new energy vehicles has opened up new opportunities for suspension. 3.2.1 Combining with the dual-electric model has contributed to the increase in the suspense market capacity.
There is more than one engine in the moving car, thus increasing the market demand for suspensions. The hybrid model includes at least one engine and one electric motor, so at least six suspensions are two times the average fuel vehicle type. In 2017, the Chinese market sold 108,000 hybrids, and we expect them to be hybrid for the next three years.
Cagr = 49%, with 360,000 hybrids expected by 2020. Some high-end pure electric vehicles, such as Teslamodes, have installed a single electric engine for four-drive purposes in each of the front and back axes, thus requiring two times as much as the fuel.
Figure 40: Double electric vehicles — Teslamodels' suspension 3.2.2 Traditional rubber and hydraulic suspensions, dominated by the company, match new energy vehicle requirements
In fact, the unique power output and frequency characteristics of the new energy power system impose new requirements on the suspension. The suspension of the pure electric vehicles is dominated by rubber, and the company has an advantage in the field of the rubber suspension.
The system requires less than a fuel vehicle, but much more than a fuel vehicle is required for a suspended system, and, on the basis of this consideration, the process is simple, reliable and provides a more rigid rubber suspension that is more suitable for electric cars, and the hydraulic suspension does not apply.
There is a general need for hydraulic suspension to achieve separator, complex structure and high cost; there is no five-to-nine-block shock like a transformer, which requires a valid match of scalding elastic rigidity. So the electric cars, both domestic and foreign, are now basically rubber suspensions.
The three-cylinder engine requires hydraulic suspension, and the company's product has been produced for a long time. The three-cylinder machine has been widely used because of its good combustion and the economy of the oil. The three-cylinder machine can also provide satisfactory power output. However, the three-cylinder engine, because of its unique torque, frequency characteristics, has a poor performance of nvh, which requires specially designed suspension and flat.
Institutions like the Axis are able to keep vibrations within acceptable limits. The company’s hydraulic suspension products are very mature, and have been applied to a number of three-cylinder engine models, such as the upper gas General Bekgl6. As energy-saving reduction requirements become more stringent, the market share of the three-cylinder engines will increase significantly.
The country’s fuel consumption standards are becoming more demanding for the weight of the entire vehicle, so the plant is trying to contain the weight of the staves. An important way of saturation is through the use of aluminium alloys and other processes such as casting.
In recent years, lightly quantified components of active aluminium alloys have become the lead sheep for nationally produced parts and components in the field of casting, building, and alloys, so the light quantification of suspended amounts can be shared with the chassis in lightly quantifying part of the R & D and production resources and reducing company costs.
The company has also established a joint venture with a number of leading global insiders to provide medium-end sound insulation components to Mercedes, BMW, and Ford. The development of a pure electric vehicle will drive sound insulation components to more specialized areas.
Lead sheep, also a supplier of the leading pure electric car manufacturers, Tesla, upper steam, and Gilly, are expected to take the lead in the spread of pure electric vehicles. Unlike some of the previous market studies, pure electric vehicles impose new, rather than reduced, requirements for soundproofing of nvh parts, including soundproofing.
A pure electric car, although it has no noise from the engine, does not sound like an electric machine. The engine noise is medium- and low-frequency, for example, the four-cylinder four-strikes that are most common to load the car, with a low frequency of 800hz, and most people can't feel it. However, the motor turns very fast, resulting in a much higher base frequency than the engine, and a much higher number of secondary noises.
In addition to this, pure electric car noise, which is a lighter power-motivated noise, has brought to the fore the problem of hidden birth noise in fuel trucks.
How to deal with these noises, which are not problematic in fuel trucks, will be an important issue in the development of future new energy components for vehicles nvh, especially in connection with the development of soundproofing components for Topu.
Top Group (601689): Lightly quantified nvh double swords, and the chassis business became the same, benefiting from a high increase in sales by mainstream car companies like Gilly in 2017, with a 44% increase in the company’s insider product lines in 2017. The company’s main clients are market leaders or star car companies, with the exception of Chang Ann Ford, whose sales have increased in recent years.
4. General guild orders will be phased in from the second half of the year to 2019.
The company's products are mostly matched by first-tier suppliers, with a reduction in the number of “brokers” having a full partnership with Gilly, with several major product lines - shock reduction, sound insulation and light quantification of aluminium alloys - being the most important suppliers. The product spectrum is wide, with aluminium alloys and light quantification products in the collars and Volts.
We believe that Gilly’s sales will increase at an average rate of not less than 30% by 2020, and that the company’s sales will increase at a rate of not less than 30% by 2020.
The first mpv Vf will be launched in 11 years: the launch of the first and subsequent mpvs02 and the follow-on kerk03 will increase the branding of the collars, and the general use of the steam: Cadillac will continue to roll xt4, ct5 and so on to maintain its fastest-growing branding: the gem platform product will continue to be launched, and the long-sand Berkke will be re-emerged; and Chevlan will launch the new model of the car -
Or is it the first smart new energy travel car? The brand name has several models launched this year.
The company’s operations at the big platform are starting to grow. The previous global e2xx models that were won have already grown in volume and have contributed to a steady harvest.
Some of the production is already in progress and is expected to be full in 2019. Based on the global annual production of 2 million vehicles, 50% of the company’s share, with an average single-car value of $500, the next six years will generate 500 million annual revenues for the company, yielding huge returns.
For the Chevy and Buick brands, two of which are already on the Chinese market - Bique Novo Kaidal and gl6, and we expect future listings on the global market to include: Chevran brands: onix, prisma, cobalt, new compact suv, New Señor, cavalier, lovarv, etc.
Buick brands: Kayan, new compact suv et al. Figure 42: Beck New Queyan Figure 44: General Gem platform life-cycle sales projections
A source of wealth and wisdom in the East. The common business of earthquake-mitigating parts and components is characterized by a small variety, a large volume and a high level of Maori, and has for many years been the company's heavy cost of low-gem platform products.
At the same time, the company is supporting the Jili project on a large scale, and its position is strengthening, and it will continue to enjoy the dividends of its rapid growth. In 2017, the sale of Jili grew by 63%, driving the company’s fast volume of sound and aluminium alloy lightly quantified chassis parts to a significant share in the Jili car, and the company’s recent layout of Hunan Xing.
The base for the manufacture of Tsuru and Sichuan were close to the Jili factory, and the high-intensity chassis supplier that the company acquired in 2017 - Zhejiang Fordonna - could bring a new flow entrance to Gilly's business, which we expect will be synchronized with Gilly's operation.
Among the current product lines of the Top Group, electronic vacuum pumps (evp) and electronic sensors are mechanical and electrical components that are closely related to adas. The ibs being developed by the company are core components of line control that can solve the problem of car “legs and legs” and significantly increase the speed, reliability and linearity of the car brake system.
5.1evp operates with new energy and turbo boosters, which are essential for new energy vehicles and turbo boosters, and market capacity is expected to burst.
So the main function of the vp is to provide a vacuum for vacuum boosters, thereby reducing the driver’s brake-drilling burden and raising the safety level of the entire vehicle. The sales of turbine boosters over the past four years have reached 23%, and the sales of new energy vehicles have reached 23%.
118%, much higher than the overall growth in the car market. We expect that these two markets will remain in place for the next three to five years, with two million annual sales of energy vehicles, nearly 14 million of which will be in demand, and nearly 50% of which will be in demand.
Figure 45: Turbo pressure, number of new energy models and vp penetration, the source of financial prosperity in the East, with the outbreak of new energy sources and the continued penetration of turbo booster models, we expect the company's vp operation to be active for the next three years.
Cagr reached 21%. The company's vp product was produced in 2016 and became the first successful domestic producer of the vp. To date, no other domestic plant has negotiated the production of the vp. Therefore, given the cost and service advantages of localization, the company has a strong interest in taking over the next three years from the market's leader, Haila, and the mainland car.
The Ibs, developed by the company, are an intelligent braking aid system that can shorten the brake response time and provide a scalable response time.
Brakes, support for remote control and efficient brake energy recovery, are essential for adas and autopilots. It uses more intelligent, “softer” electrons rather than vacuums to drive liquid suppression systems, and it is one of the most critical components for line control and intelligent driving.
When the driver steps down the pedal, the mechanical structure transmits the power of the driver's foot to the wheels by hydraulic pressure. But, in fact, the power needed to make the car stop is much greater than the power that a man can provide, so the brake system must be able to magnify the strength of the human leg. Traditionally, this magnifying work is done through a vacuum.
The ibs market is highly certain. The ibs not only solve the problem that new energy cars do not have a suitable brake power vacuum, but also make the braking system of fuel trucks more compatible with autopilot requirements.
There's a high level of reliability when there's problems with demagnetization and the absence of backup systems.
The only ibs that are currently produced are the ribs (product ibooster), whose ibs have been used in a variety of car types throughout the factory. A functionally reliable braking support is required for ancc (self-adapted cruises), aeb (automatic emergency brakes) and so forth, while supporting later-modifiable brakes, as well as efficient braking.
The company is the only national manufacturer of ibs that is developing public information, and it is expected that it will be able to over-draw with more than 1.7 million annual sales in products such as the public, common, Tesla, and Urees8. The company is the only national manufacturer of ibs that is in the process of developing it.
The company’s products, if developed in a timely manner, are expected to reap full market dividends. At the same time, products such as the company’s switchboard, liners, and side racks are closely linked to the braking system, and their joint roll-out is expected to enhance the company’s competitiveness and flexibility in obtaining orders.
In order to develop ibs, the company has set up research and development centres in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Ningbo. These are also centres of concentration for the entire garage. The Shanghai R & D centre is primarily responsible for the development of ecu modules. The Shenzhen R & D centre is primarily responsible for electrical research and development.
Software and hardware to build up the research and development capabilities of high-end power plants. Ningpo Research and Development Centre is primarily responsible for the development of the esc module and the ibs machine parts and assembly, in coordination with Shanghai and Shenzhen Research and Development Centers.
Companies are present mainly as first-tier (system) suppliers in the automobile industry chain. The heterogeneous second-tier suppliers of spare parts, raw materials, and the larger whole plant are among the highest requirements for operations, logistics capacity and financial management capacity in the industry chain.
Companies can reduce their net operating cycles at a time of steady increases in revenue and profits, while maintaining their solvency at a high level and operating cash flow at reasonable intervals, demonstrating their ability to operate above industry averages. 6.1 Flexibility effectively relieves upstream and downstream price pressures.
In the context of the annual downward pressure of the plant, there has been a significant growth in revenue collection and a marked improvement in the maturity of the accounts. Since 2017, the downstream garage has been under greater pressure to send annual drops to spare parts manufacturers due to operating pressures (a share of the annual cost of the vehicle spare parts plants has been reduced by technology and efficiency). Some spare parts suppliers have even been forced to drop.
As a supplier of a wide range of spare parts on the product line, the Topper Group is bound to receive such pressure. The usual negotiating strategy for spare parts suppliers to respond to the higher annual downswing requirements of the entire factory is:
We don't accept a year-down or try to achieve a lower annual rate, but we give the whole factory a longer account period, and the source of Eastern wealth is falling. So, in our judgement, the Topper Group largely did not accept a year-down requirement for the whole factory in 2017, or a price reduction.
In the first quarter of 2018, the company recorded a 28% increase in the same year. The removal of the top figure for Fordonna was 7.7%, and the company won a higher share while keeping growing at the same pace as its customers.
Fortuna's Māori rate was 29% and net interest rate was 14% in the first quarter, corresponding to past levels. So we consider that the decline in unit prices for corporate products has been very limited.
This is consistent with our analysis of the position of suppliers of aluminium alloy chassis parts in the industry, namely: downstream customers cannot over-press prices due to light quantitative pressure; upstream suppliers are less able to negotiate because products are easily replaced; corporate operating cash flows (cfo) improved in 2017 as a result of an improved business cycle.cfo ' s ratio to net operating profits is significantly improved.cfo ' s ratio to operating net profits
From 42% in 2016 to 124%, this represents an improvement in the quality of company profits in recent years. The company ' s ratio of cfo to net operating profits in 2017 is already in the forefront of the industry. Figure 49: ratio of cfo to net operating profits
The raw material (rubber, fibre) prices of the company's main nvh products have continued to decline since 2017.
The main raw material for the company’s lightly quantified chassis is aluminium alloys, which in recent years have been stable and subject to lower volatility than iron and steel raw materials. Therefore, upstream raw material price fluctuations are profitable to companies compared to traditional chassis parts suppliers, which are dominated by iron and steel raw materials.
The price of raw materials used to process parts of aluminium alloy cars in the country has been relatively stable in recent years. The annual rate of volatility since 2013 is only 13%, which is significantly lower than the raw materials for steel car parts in the same period, using the price of a356 aluminium alloy ingots.
Price indices (based on the raw iron index) account for 21 per cent of annual fluctuations. 6.3 The investment and debt strategy is radical but fully manageable.
The Division reached 71 times the cash flow interest guarantee (cfo/interest) in 2017, which provides a solid back-up to the development of new projects by obtaining more investment opportunities for companies to finance them. The interest guarantee guarantee multiples of cash flows of major firms and major competitors in the industry have also been in the forefront in recent years.
But cash flows from operating and financing can cover investments better. The sum of operating and financing cash flows can be compared to new capital investments.
At present, the margin is 2.6 in 2017, indicating that the company’s financial burden on the input of new productive capacity is not problematic, and horizontal comparisons show that the firm’s investment guarantee multipliers are among the highest among comparable automobile parts and components.
A light quantification of the aluminium alloy chassis will be the fastest-growing segment, with a 7 per cent increase in the collection ratio from 2017.
The business of vp reached 210 million by 2022, and the cagr was 13%.
In the future, Māori rates will increase as production increases; the rest of the product lines, apart from high-intensity steel, the vp business will be replaced by alternative effects.
We predict a 30% increase in net profits compound over the next three years. We expect the company to be owned by its shareholders in the listed companies from 2018 to 2020, with net profits of 910 million yuan, 1.3 billion yuan and 1.63 billion yuan, respectively.
The company is currently only 18 times more than the lowest value since it was listed, and is below the average water since it was listed. The company is valued at a relatively low level in the industry. We have selected 11 stock listings with a higher degree of business overlap. The average of these eight companies is 2.6 pb, 25.2 ptm, average.
Pe (2018) 21.1. The Topper Group values all of these three indicators below average. The Topper Group (601689): lightly quantified nvh pairs of swords, and the chassis business became the same.
For the first time, the company was given a “strongly recommended” rating, and the main customer sold the entire car in less than expected;
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
Top Group (601689): Lightly quantified nvh pairs of swords, chassis in action, Yang Jogi, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, right to Cho.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.