Headlight upgrades are clear, intelligent and up to the new steps, Starwood shares (601799.sh) autolight branding leads, product upgrades + client outreach drive high growth.
Over the last 30 years, the company’s deep-farming lights have been upgraded, its customers have been expanding, and its revenue-earning profits have continued to be driven by the belief that led + smart drivers will continue to upgrade, and companies will benefit from the dividends of market demand expansion and industry-owned alternatives. We have increased the company’s profit forecast for 2021 and added a 2022-2023 performance forecast.
● Light-source technology upgrades, ledification boosts the value of bicycles, and technology upgrades such as light-lighting, laser-lighting, are expected to contribute to a significant increase in the value of car-lights.
Good performance, speed of start-up, long life, energy efficiency, and a significant increase in the value of the bicycles. With the maturity and cost of the lasers, their application penetration in the distant lights is expected to increase.
The smartness of the headlights has been upgraded, and the use of smart headlamps such as the matrixled light, adb (from the adaptive to the distant light), afs (from the pre-adaptive light) and so on has been gradually expanded. According to our statistics, the top 50 and the average price of the national sales in 2020 is an adb match.
• Autonomous lamp branding is expected to replace the foreign capital giants with a sufficient number of beneficiary countries;
The key instruments for competing for the company market are technology, cost, and rapid response. Research and development inputs continue to grow, up-scaling and actively expanding production around large customers, and companies are expected to continue to outsize large foreign investors in the light market, replacing national production in the beneficiary industries.
Autonomous lamp brand leader, product structure optimization + client outreach driving high growth 1.1, product structure optimization + client outreach, with 23.5 per cent of cagr collected in the last 10 years.
The stock of Starwoo was created in 1993 and changed as a whole in 2007, with a successful landing site in 2011. The company is mainly engaged in motor vehicle lighting development, design, manufacturing and marketing, and the products consist mainly of forward lights, back-to-back lights, fog lamps, indoor lamps and other small lights.
Product upgrading + customer outreach, with the company’s combined revenues growing at 23.5% in 2011-2020. According to China’s Industrial Information Network, the share of Starwoo in 2019 was about 9% in the domestic car light market, with market shares close to traditional overseas lights such as Farey O, Xiaoming, and Stanley, with a certain gap between Chinese vision (formerly Shanghai).
The company’s product structure is optimized, high-value front-lights, post-package lamps are rapidly growing, driving the growth of the company. The front-lights, post-package lamps, are high-value car components with consumer properties, with continuous upgrades and value-enhancing spaces, and smart-light control systems such as adb (from a distance light), affs (from a distance light).
The company uses fog lights, light lights, etc. to cut into the customer's supply chain, and then expands on high-value, customized, and post-combined lighting operations. On the occasion of the 2010 market, the department's cars with prelights are mostly autonomous brands, such as Chiriqq3, Chiritrihu, and so on.
The foreign brand model of the car is a mass-Audi, a pop-up-Caderick, and the product is mostly a small amount of indoor lights and brand lights. After the market, the company made a joint venture, the foreign customer's front-and-back lights business, and before 2014-2019, cagr, the post-package lights sales were 9.9%, 10.7%, the high-value front-lights, and the back-brand lights business.
The company actively expands its clients, cutting into joint ventures and foreign brands, leading to a growing business. The company’s early clients are predominantly autonomous brands, with three of the top five clients in 2008: Chirí, Tianjin I-Shali, and North Vol Fukuda.
In the following years, the company was active in developing joint ventures, foreign clients, such as a car, a car, a gas engine, a Toyota, a snow dragon. In 2014, the company entered a list of the first 10 suppliers to the public and obtained a post-Audisuv cluster light development project; in 2016, the company ' s customers added cars, and
The compound rate of growth is about 37.1%. 1.2, the recovery in profitability leads to an increase in the roe, high cash dividends for shareholders, high growth in earnings and a recovery in the Māori rate, and in recent years the gross profits of companies have risen rapidly.
By 2020, the Māori rate of the company had risen by 3 pcts to a steady increase in corporate profitability compared to 2017, leading to a significant increase in net asset returns, providing ample financial support for the company to expand upstream the development of automobile electronics and model processing and the expansion of overseas markets.
The D3 fee rate has fallen close to 2.7 pcts, with a steady increase in profitability and a 3.9 pcts increase in net interest rates on sales. Corporate head office provides a strong endogenous growth engine for the expansion of the size of the company and provides adequate financial support for the development of new business such as auto electronics, modular processing, and the opening of overseas markets.
Figure 8: Post-2016 net interest rate sales driver roe upscaling Figure 7: Decreased three fee rates steady after 2015, 2 Led + smart double-lined, with wide scope for industry growth
2.1. Improved light-source technology, the increase in the value of single-car lights, the use of halogen or argon-based lamps in the early stages, and the transmission of halogen- and argon-based lamps with guaranteed light intensity The lower energy and longer life of halogen lamps are expected to be the main sources of light for future lamp applications. (1) halogen.
(ii) Athylene lamps, which are more active than halogen lamps, have a longer life and have been used on a large scale since the 1990s. (3) Led lamps, which use light-emitting diodes to convert electricity directly into light energy, are more halogenated.
Laser lamps are about twice the distance from Led, and are expected to mature in future laser light technology, lower costs, or will lead to increased penetration of laser lamps in remote light applications. Laser lamps use semiconductor laser diodes.
Converting electricity into light is better than the light lamp in terms of light efficiency and exposure distance. Due to the good direction of the laser, which is not easily dissipated, the laser lamp is directed at a distance of up to 1,000 metres, approximately two times the distance of the light, while the light is glowing at $10,000 for choosing a laser remote light, and 24.6 million for choosing a laser remote light.
Luxury-type cars with laser lamps, with costs limiting their extension, are expected to increase their penetration as technology matures and costs decrease in the future, becoming the dominant configuration of vehicle far-lights. Figure 10: BMW7 uses laser lamps
Figure 11: Laser lamps are not dissipated and have a long range of exposure
The factory is more flexible in designing the shape of the car. The single light is smaller, with a light area of 1-5 square mm, well below the 12.5 square mm of the thorium gas lamp and the 20 square mm of the halogen lamp. The smaller size of the light is easier for the light manufacturer and the entire factory to design the shape of the lamp in a flexible way to achieve a better pattern of the lamp.
The technological upgrade of light sources, laser lamps, etc., is expected to drive the increase in the value of the vehicle lamp. For reasons of performance and beauty, the penetration of the light is increasing rapidly. The technological upgrade at the source level is also driving the single price of the lamp.
The halogen lamp, the argon gas lamp, the light light lamp, the laser lamp, the light technology upgrade route is expected to boost the value of the car lamp. Figure 12: The market size of the led lamp increased faster in 2016-2019
Figure 13: Led lamp packs higher than halogen, thorium gas lamps ($) 2.2, smart control system applications with continuous upgrading power; Automobile light smart upgrades, matrix light light, adb (from distant light), afs (self-adapted)
The use of smart lights, such as headlights, has gradually spread. As automobile intelligence has developed, it has shifted away from traditional lighting, functional security devices, electronicization, intelligentization, and is likely to become one of the main routes for future car interaction.
Matrix light: The matrix light light itself consists of a number of light compartments, arranged by multiple led lamps. The main difference between the matrix light and the normal led lamps is that they can be used to achieve precision control over multiple lighting compartments through intelligent control systems, thus allowing the lights to turn automatically on, to switch away, to modify their proximity.
Change the angle and scope of the lighting. Through system-intelligent controls, the matrix-led light can be adjusted to the dark, marketable light, and the matrix-led light is applied for the first time in the volume-car type. afs (from the adaptive front light): afs are also called the motion-directed light, which can be used when the vehicle moves to the curve.
The smart control system automatically adjusts the headlights to brighten the curve towards the area, ensuring that the driver's horizon is in the direction of the turn instead of the straight line. Afs consist of four parts: sensors, electronic control units (ecu), carlight control systems, and headlights. When working, the sensor transmits the signal into the ecu, and when the ecu processes the data, then directs the headlights.
Controls the system's pre-export light turn-around instructions, turning the headlights in the corresponding angle. adb (from a distance light): adb is one of the applications of a matrix light, the main function of which is to prevent traffic and pedestrian displays across the side by automatically adjusting the remote light, the light-sighting area, and to upgrade night-time traffic safety.
Completeness and protection of pedestrians. Adb technology captures images from vehicle-borne cameras and inputs image signals. The system can determine the location and distance of cars coming forward and send instructions to the front-lighting system to convert them to action on and off the led matrix.
There are two ways to do this: matrix and pixel, with a higher cost of pixel adb. Figure 14: Afs guarantee the range of driver's horizons when the car turns. Figure 15: adb adjusts the light range angle to prevent the opposite side from showing up.
According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the size of the demand for the affs lamps in 2019 was about $9.65 billion, and the demand for the adb was about $2.32 billion. The domestic penetration rate of the afs and adb lamps in 2019 was about 18 per cent and 1.8 per cent.
According to our statistics, out of the 20 models with the top 50 and an average price of less than $150,000 in 2020, 9 provide for adb matching, all of which are over $300,000. The model is divided into 150,000 based on the highest and lowest arithmetic average price of the different models, using a sample of 50 models in 2020.
Three price ranges of $150,000-$150,000/$300,000 or more have been identified: all of the models over $300,000 are for adb, and the number of cars under $150,000 for adb is 8.19 million or less, and the number of cars below $150,000 is 9/20. The smart lights in the adb are starting to infiltrate down into low- and medium-end models, such as Hafferh 6, one gas, in the Wall.
Toyota Carola, Chang Ancs75plus, Chirary Tiger 8, etc., provides money with adb. The upgrading of car-light intelligence to provide a driving force for the continued growth in the value of car-lighting bicycles.
With the rise of China’s automobile market, firms have set up manufacturing bases abroad, while some of the previous suppliers of lamps from abroad have entered the Chinese market. There are high-quality barriers to the lighting industry, high replacement costs, and long-term joint-venture/foreign-capital-light manufacturers.
Since then, they have held a higher share of the market. Domesticly owned brand lights start late, and clients’ resources are lower than those of joint ventures/foreign sole proprietorships.
The shares are the leader of the autolight brand, with Chirry as the first largest customer, and then move into a joint venture full-time and foreign luxury brands, with one pop-up public sales compared to the company's top customer. At present, among the home-owned car-light manufacturers, Starwoo shares have better resources, cutting into foreign brand cars such as Daimler, BMW, GMS, etc.
The company, the autonomous lights factory, has its own brand, and the Zhejiang gold industry, among others. The system of foreign-owned vehicles, which has been used by foreign-owned companies, has accelerated the replacement of national-owned products, which has fully proven the strength of the Starlight light product, and has led to its rapid expansion, making it an autonomous leader in the lead-up to the siege of foreign-owned lights. We believe that he has successfully expanded his client's leverage.
Three-fold competitive advantage in drying up: technology, cost, quick response. Figure 18: China/German/Japanese brand share in the domestic vehicle market in 2020: 38.4 per cent/23.9 per cent/23.1 per cent; Sustained R & D inputs, enhanced product technology and quality advantages, respectively
Research and development (R & D) inputs have continued to grow and the number of R & D personnel has increased significantly. Companies have given high priority to R & D inputs, which have stabilized at around 4% from 2014 to 2020, similar to the proportion of R & D inputs from the solar-lighted Stanley, which contains more sensors, car electronics, and significantly higher R & D inputs than traditional light assembly companies.
The number of R & D personnel increased from 457 to 1065 during the year. In recent years, the company has made several breakthroughs in the development of smart lights, carlight software. Since 2016, the company has been developing adb headlights, night aid driving solutions (nads), laser long-lights, pixels.
The company has also developed multi-intelligent and mechanical self-adapted front-light control software, adb front-light-related control panel software, laser-light design software, etc.
In 2010, the company was jointly identified by the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Finance, the National Tax Administration, and the General Customs Administration as the National Enterprise Technology Centre.
The testing centre has been approved by the Chinese National Accreditation Committee and by prominent car companies such as BMW, Audi, Volkswagen, and Air Express. 3.2, plus-gauge in upstream car-lights, car-lights electronics, with excellent cost-control capabilities.
The purchase of raw materials is a large part of the company’s cost, with the company purchasing more raw materials in electronic parts, lamps, and electronics. The company, as a light assembly company downstream of the lights industry chain, has the raw materials mainly in the light and electrical subcategories, electronic components, light sources, plastic materials, generic indents, etc.
This share is over 80%, and the total share of electronic parts and headlights in the raw materials purchased is between 30% and 40%. Carlight controllers are key parts of the light, with a Māori ratio of 30% to 40%.
Figure 23: Carlight Industrial Chains cover, inter alia, chips, envelopes, light-source modules, headlights, etc. Corporate cabling of industrial upstream carlights, carlight electronics, etc., by reducing the cost of processing controls by foreign associations.
In electronics, the company ' s automobile electronics and lighting research and development centre project was launched in 2017, with 50 per cent of the project ' s construction progress as of the end of 2020. In 2020, the company increased the use of car-lights and light-light electronics.
Subplant project, $577 million. This project will help to reduce the company's failure to produce modeling, carlights, electronics, etc., and further reduce the proportion of foreign union processing. The company's cost is expected to benefit from an increase in the self-production rate of spare parts.
The annual cost of electronic purchasing of headlights is approximately $422 million, the level of Māori (approximately 35 per cent) in the reference lamp tap Koboda, and the overall Māori ratio could be raised by about 2 pcts, assuming that all of the headlights in the star stock are converted to self-supporting.
The cost management of the share of the stock is better than that of the foreign head, and the product is more expensive than the foreign headlights, and the brand of the autonomous headlights is more expensive. At the same time, the company provides more value for the product and actively expands the customer by enhancing its capacity to manage the costs. The stock of the foreign headlights is higher than the domestic stock.
Geographical advantage, better use of the domestic demographic dividend, and sales and management costs are lower than foreign investors like Heila and Stanley. Compared to other home-grown autolights, the continuous R & D investment of Starwoo’s shares has shaped product technology and quality advantages and successfully entered the foreign luxury car brand supply system.
3.3 Rapidly responding to customer demand around large customer support, a group that is important to the company and accounts for a higher share of corporate sales. Corporate clients are relatively concentrated, with the top five clients stable at about 65%, with one group under the banner of a crowd of people, a toyota, and so on.
Sales are higher, with a crowd becoming the company’s top customer. The top five clients are mostly under the flag. Figure 26: The sales share of the company’s top five clients is stable at 65%, expanding their co-ops around a large client population, making it easier to respond quickly to customers’ needs.
There are five production bases in the country: Changchun Headquarters, Fushan-Shanghua Production Base, Qingdong Production Base, Chengdu-Sixan Production Base, Tianjinhua-North Production Base, where there are more productive outlets such as Changchun, Fushan, Chengdu, etc. The Seng Woo shares established two subsidiaries in Changchun and Fushan in 2013 to make it easier.
The company has been able to expand its production capacity, expand its capacity and expand its client capacity in both directions, allowing the company to move through the cycle to scale.
Figure 30: High levels of utility of the company ' s various vehicle lamps, 4 profit projections and investment proposals.
The company focused on the lighting business, with 93.6% of the share in 2020.
Business markets are expected to grow in size. Firms are at the top of autonomous brands, with historical excellence proving that companies are competitive in their products, and sub-market rates are expected to continue to rise. We expect the CarLight class to continue to grow in 2021-2023, considering that the company is the leader of autonomous brands, and that the country will replace it with the full benefit of the dividends of the continuous upgrading of the lamp industry, Vi.
Less than expected, less than expected penetration of smart car lights, higher prices of raw materials, etc.