On September 2nd, China Harbour International issued an announcement announcing the signing of a cooperation framework agreement between the China (Shanghai) free trade pilot zone management committee for the new Hong Kong section of the China (Shanghai) free trade zone.
It is intended to establish a joint venture in the Shanghai free trade pilot zone, which will plan the construction of a 12-inch crystal-round production line with a capacity of 100,000 metres/month, focusing on integrated circuit crystal-round engineering and technology services for 28 nanometres and above, with a planned investment of approximately $8.87 billion, with a proposed registered capital of $5.5 billion.
In our view, as a domestic crystal-crystal manufacturer, the country’s mature process platform is well developed, its mature process technology development capability and its quantitative experience are at the top of the country’s international lead. This project, together with the announcement in July 2020 of the city of Central Harbour and the announcement in March 2021 of the China-Hyber Shenzhen Project Master Plan, is about 240,000 tablets per month, 28 nanometres per month, and above, to create additional capacity, equivalent to 96.2% of the company’s total capacity up to 1h21 (8 inches).
Some 40.1 per cent (approximately 8 inches) of these are added to the port of embarkation project. If the project is landed under a cooperative framework agreement, the middle core is expected to significantly increase the capacity of the 90 nm-28nm process-system platform over the next five years, including a variety of processes such as mature logical circuits, power management, high volatilization drive, embedded non-volatile storage, mixed signals/radio frequency, image sensors, etc., to fully benefit the beneficiary.
China’s 12-inch maturity process has the capability to develop and measure its production. Since its establishment in 2002, China has had 19 years of experience in building and operating 12-inch crystalry mills, with semiconductor industries and company technology developing, companies have developed 12-inch crystallized processes.
The company currently supports a variety of processes at key process nodes from 28/22nm to 90nm, including low-power/ultra-low-power logical circuits (asic, soc, fpga, etc.), embedded flash processes (mcu, smart cards, etc.), mixed signals/radio frequency (wifi, communications chips, etc.), high voltage (ddi, tddi, etc.), power management (bcd), image sensors (cmos image sensors) and non-easy
Lower-stream applications cover a wide range of areas, such as consumer electronics, communications, computers, access to goods, automobiles, etc. Table 1: Information on the main nodal process platform for production of 12-inch crystals by Central Core International.
The company's monthly production capacity is 56.15 million metres of approximately 8 inches, of which 12 inches of mature production is estimated to be up to 120,000 units, according to Nintendo Electronics. According to China Harbour, Shenzhen, and the announcement of the Hong Kong Intent Project, the three projects are expected to bring a total of 240,000 inches/month 12.28 and above to China Harbour International, which is about twice as much as the planned 12 inches of mature production capacity and 96.2 per cent of the total capacity of the company in the existing Central Harbour plant area (8 inches of crystal) for a period of five years.
Inner capacity exceeds combined electricity (an average of about 8 million pieces of crystal round, according to the UTC, 2q21 is about 8 inches). We believe that if the project succeeds in achieving its expected output, the center core international is expected to fully benefit from a full domestic and global outbreak of 5g, new energy vehicles and smart-material networking needs, which provides less than expected macroeconomic growth for the company’s long-term performance; global political factors lead to disruptions in upstream supply chains; and the epidemic’s development leads to less than expected demand.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic of analysis is based on his professional understanding, that reasonable judgement and conclusion are sought to be objective and fair.