The company's announcement, on 2 September, that the company signed a cooperation framework agreement with the Hong Kong District Management Committee of the Shanghai Free Trade Trial Zone, which established a joint venture to plan the construction of a 12-inch plant with a capacity of 100,000 units/month, focusing on 28 nm and more.
The central core control unit is also responsible for operation and management, with a planned investment of $8.87 billion in the third 12 inches of capacity in a year and a registered capital of $5.5 billion, of which the company is proposed to contribute as much as it does.
As of 21q2, the total capacity of the company is about 562,000 metres/month, and this expansion represents 40% of the total capacity of the company, which will effectively complement the company’s production capacity in the current state of maturity, where it is not available.
It should be noted that this expansion is the third increase in production capacity of 12 inches in one year for the center core, taking into account the previous expansion of production in China, China, China, and Shenzhen, which combined invested $122.6 billion in three projects.
According to digitimes, Taiwan’s multi-crystal generation plants are preparing to raise the price of the maturity 8 and 12 inches again, at least by 5-10%, with price increases up to 2022q1. Since last year’s q4 capacity tension began, Taiwan’s generation has raised prices at least twice, with cumulative increases of more than 30%, and the combined power and power plants 21q2 perform historically.
We believe that this price increase will further strengthen the current default price escalation logic, raise the expectations of the surrogates throughout the year, and the semiconductor industry is expected to continue with its high profile until 2022.
\triangleright calculates the need for equipment based on the previous medium core t3 expansion, expanding the production of 100,000 units/month 28nm and above.
The process will generate significant equipment requirements for 220 tubes, 250 plasma etching equipment, 70 photoresistors, 80 light engraving machines, 80 degressors, cvd 420, pvd 240, 130 ion injectors, cmp120, and 170 cleaning equipment.
Increased demand for semiconductor materials from the expansion, with local material suppliers gaining momentum s010521005001, adding up to the present 100,000 production lines above 28nm, which will effectively boost the demand for semiconductor materials at the supply level
This extension will significantly benefit semiconductor materials, including silicon, electronics, etc.
For 4.1x, reference is made to comparable company power generation of 9.0xpb, which has significant growth space and maintains a “recommended” rating. Industry is not as good as expected, R & D progress is not as good as expected, and capacity climbs are not as good as expected.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
The authors, who possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity and impartiality, without any third party's approval or influence.