Domestic Automobile Electronics, Intelligent Uplifting Aids - Deep Report (0029220.sz) Yuan Hae-woo Research Assistant
The company was founded in 1986 as a joint venture between China and China.
De Cessive (002920.sz) Central European Electronics Industries Ltd., a company that has long focused on the electronics of automobiles and was established primarily for the production of car sound systems, has now formed vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems, air conditioning controllers, driving information display systems, display modules
The company’s real control is the City Council of Huezhou. The company has set up fully-owned subsidiaries in Europe, Singapore, Japan, etc. to provide service support to local customers, and the globalization of operations is gradually taking shape.
The trend towards the electronicization and intellectualization of automobiles will be an important direction for the future. As the mechanical performance of automobiles improves, the relative depth of the motor vehicle, Desai Siwei, is 300 degrees deep, and the transition is moving more towards functions such as safety, recreation, assistive driving, etc., which requires the support of automobile electrons.
4%, up to about 30% now, the proportion is expected to rise continuously in the future, reaching around 50% by 2030. Moreover, an increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles and their penetration from high-end to low-end vehicles will also lead to an increase in the electronicization of the automobile industry.
Yuan Hae-woo’s research assistant has set a target of 50% of new smart cars by 2020. Local governments, represented by Beijing, Shanghai, and Shenzhen, have also introduced support policies related to smart car research and development and testing, and automobile intelligence has increased.
The company’s core strength is reflected in the following: 1) The relationship with the entire company is strong, the number of best suppliers for the entire company’s customers is well established, and the long-term partnership with the manufacturer makes the client more stickier.
In the future, with the development of investment projects and the introduction of new lines of production, corporate production bottlenecks are higher than the average value of industrial friends. The firm's research and development inputs are also at a higher level in absolute terms. In addition to the new products of the traditional information and entertainment system, the company's current research and development projects include support driving-related projects, the interaction of automobiles and mobile phone operating systems.
Joint projects, smart driving key parts and algorithms, etc., continue to go deep in the frontier areas; (4) In 2017, the company released its first domestic smart cockpit concept based on user-use scenario design at cessia 2017, which, in addition to its information and entertainment function, has the latest intelligent driving technology capable of achieving fully automated parking functions, pansy parking, pre-crash crash alerts, cars
At present, the product is technologically mature and will soon be delivered; 5) the company is the first member of the 100-degree apollo program of Sindha Securities. The company also works with 100-degrees to provide intelligent driving around two dimensions: bcu and mapauto.
Some of the products are currently being developed., ltd. In-depth collaboration with 100 degrees will facilitate completion of the company's autopilot algorithms.
This is based on, for example, short lines and allows companies to take full advantage of product hardware design, software, and hardware integration. Equity-price catalysts: increased support for smart driving policies; smart cockpit production; continued expansion of new customers; unit price of products – risk factors: automobile industry development is less than expected; technology development is less than expected; and customer concentration is more risky.
Domestic Automobile Electronics Lead Enterprise, home-grown to international start-up and focus on the auto-electronics industry in China and abroad, was established in 1986 by the company Central European Electronics Industries Ltd., a joint venture between Philips, the Netherlands, and the General Industrial Development Corporation of Hong Kong and Heezhou.
In 1998, the German Manesmanwedio joined the main Philips car sound system, bringing German quality and pragmatism to Central European electronics. In 2001, the European Union approved the acquisition by Siemens Germany of Mannes Manwedio's merger, which in 2002 was officially renamed Westman Wiedeo Motors Electronics (He County) Limited. In 2010, the German Xai Industries acquired all shares of the outside side, and the company became a holding company under the German Xai Industries flag, and the company changed its name to Dessehway.
The company, which has long focused on the automotive electronics industry and was primarily involved in the production of car sound systems in the early stages of its existence, has now developed a product system based on vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems, air conditioning controls, driving information display systems, display models and systems, body control modules and smart driving support systems.
Carborne entertainment information systems, air conditioning controllers, and driving information display systems are the three most important products of the company. Carborne information and entertainment systems are dedicated central services, based on bus bus systems, 3g/4g mobile networks, wireless communications and satellite navigation technologies, Internet services, etc., which provide users with specialized geographic information services, multimedia entertainment services, smart traffic services, etc. Carborne information and entertainment systems are divided into entertainment systems and information systems.
Recreational services will be provided through audio devices such as cd, vcd, radio, multimedia, which provide information services mainly through remote communication devices such as navigation engines and software, electronic maps, wireless broadcasting, etc. Car-borne information and entertainment systems can achieve a range of applications, including 3D navigation, real-time road conditions, network television, auxiliary driving, fault detection, vehicle information, mobile office, mobile communications.
The vehicle air conditioning controllers are capable of monitoring changes in engine speeds and temperature in the compartment, controlling the electromagnetic Ionization Drives and the rash valves by signal logic, keeping the temperature constant and saving the motor energy. By system device, they can be divided into manual mechanical, electric electronic, single-temperature and multi-temperature areas for automatic control.
The main clients of the company, which is based on domestic ownership and joint venture brands, include a crowd of people, a cellular group, a general Mitsubishi, a Great Wall car, a Mazda, a Long-Ammadetta, a sedan, an upper-air group, a Chiri car, etc.
Some of them are joint brands, including popular departments, general departments, Madhuda, etc.; some autonomous brands, including upper, single, Chirre, Guang, Great Wall, Jili, and emerging cars, cars, stone cars, Biadi, etc.; and overseas clients such as the general public, Skota, Madheda, Volvo, Caterpillar, among others. Among them, the top 10 clients contribute about 80% to the company’s sales, the top five customers contribute about 60% to the company’s sales, and the customer concentration is higher.
Autonomous brands among the top five clients of the company include, among other things, the Great Wall Automobile and the Broad Gas Group, and joint venture brands include, among other things, the public, the general Mitsubishi, the Grand Anjuda, and the upper-air brand. Among them, the company’s sales and sales share of the top five clients are more volatile, because, on the one hand, the sales share of the top five clients is small, and on the other hand, the sales share of the top five clients is relatively small.
This is due to the fact that the company’s specific sales of the customer-backed model have been more volatile. From 2014 to the first half of 2017, the sales share of some of the manufacturers has changed considerably, with the largest increases in the sales of customers being made by a wide-gas group, a crowd of people and general Mitsubishi, mainly benefiting from increases in the sales of vehicles such as gs4, +6, 560, 730 and Mitsubishi macroluminium mpv under the flag.
The owner is the State Finance Committee of the City of Huixiang, which is the beginning of globalization, and the City State Finance Committee of Huixiang is the real controller of the company, holding 51% of the ownership of the Desai industry. The Texai industry owns 3,626,625,000 shares, with 58.3% of the shares, and is the controlling shareholder of the company. The company has three wholly-owned subsidiaries and three participating companies.
The company’s initial globalization, with the creation of a sub-directorate in Japan, Singapore, and Europe, mainly providing service support to local clients. Desaiway has spearheaded the industry’s “local corporate internationalization strategy,” which seeks to provide first-class car electronic solutions and services to domestic and foreign customers by optimizing resource allocation.
Companies will rely on overseas firms to open up markets, seek open horizons, actively seek the support of their partners, capture cutting-edge technology in the automotive electronics industry, and comprehensively upgrade the capacity of globalized products and services to achieve their home-grown and overseas balanced development strategies. Automobile digitization and intellectualization will become important trends.
According to the economic performance of our automobile industry, published by the China Automobile Industry Association in 2017, 28,879,000 vehicles were sold in 2017, an increase of 3 per cent over the previous year, of which 247.18 million were sold in passenger vehicles throughout the year, an increase of 1.4 per cent over the same period.
The growth rate of vehicle sales has slowed significantly since 2008, the lowest level of annual growth. As car mechanics have improved, cars’ transformation has been moving in the direction of more safety, recreation, and auxiliary driving functions, which require electronics, and the proportion is expected to rise steadily in the future, reaching around 50% by 2030.
On the other hand, the development of new energy vehicles, including hybrid vehicles, has also contributed to the increase in car electronization. According to IQR, in pure electric cars, the ratio of electronic car costs is 65%, in hybrid cars 47%, and in ordinary fuel cars about 10-30%. The share of electronic cars is also closely related to the type of vehicles, with low-end car costs 15%, compared to high-end vehicles 28%.
In general, we believe that the trend towards auto electronization will be one of the major future trends in the automobile industry, especially in the case of smart cars, which have brought car electrons into a fast-growing orbit. The rapid growth of automobile electronics markets and the growth of adas products have increased even more rapidly.
According to Marketersmedia, the global market for automobile electronics in 2015 was $184.4 billion, projected to reach $280 billion in 2019 and $380 billion in 2022. According to this estimate, the annual compound increase in the size of the automobile electronics market is around 10%.
The traditional car electronics market can be divided into a number of sub-directional directions, including car-borne entertainment information systems, adas, etc. Car-borne entertainment information systems are an important direction in the electronic development of cars by upgrading car traffic in a sly, suitably intelligent, and providing many intelligent functions. In recent years, there has been a trend in modular design layouts of vehicle-borne entertainment information systems, which greatly enhance the reuse of modules by modularizing functions.
In the fast and long term, the average annual compound increase in sales from 2012 to 2016 is 10.8 per cent, and it is expected that by 2020, the market model of Carborne Entertainment Information System will be over $80 billion, making it the largest electronic breakdown market for cars.adas (Advanced Driving Auxiliary System) is a more rapidly developing segment in the electronics area of automobiles in recent years, mainly in terms of the use of sensors in cars to sense the surrounding environment from the point of view.
The adoption of the adas system has also been a growing concern because of its ability to significantly increase the comfort and safety of driving. According to resource research, the global market for adas is estimated to be $8.7 billion in 2015, and is expected to reach $30 billion in 2018, with an average annual compound increase of 50% to the left, and both domestic and foreign markets will be at a fast-growing stage in the coming years.
Domestic auto-electronics firms are currently experiencing a lack of technological accumulation and experience as compared to large international suppliers of parts and components, auto-electronics, due to the late start-up times and the blocking of core technology by foreign manufacturers. Auto-electronics industries are less concentrated as a whole because of their high level of marketization and competition. Examination of foreign experience, with the development of the domestic auto industry, the country’s corresponding auto parts and components suppliers will also develop rapidly, while auto-electronics will be used as parts and components for future automobiles.
Car intelligence development is supported by deep national policy depth, and trends in car intelligence are also strongly supported at the national policy level. In early 2018, the National Development and Reform Commission launched the Smart Car Innovation Development Strategy.
The strategic plan for the development of smart cars is set out in three steps to promote deeper integration of cars with advanced manufacturing, information and communication, the Internet, big data, and artificial intelligence. It proposes “a 50% share of new smart cars by 2020, marketed medium- and high-level smart cars, and a regional demonstration of performance.
Since the issuance of the strategic plan, local governments have responded positively by putting in place regulations to promote the development of the smart car industry. Beijing and Shanghai have put in place regulations for the implementation of auto-drive road testing, which pave the way for auto-drive testing of real roads.
The city of Beijing has opened 33 roads for the first open test in the economic development zone, Shun Yi, and Haidian, with a total mileage of about 105 kilometres. The upper gas company, Ulai, and BMW have also been certified as the first smart motor vehicle in Shanghai. They have obtained the only automatic driver's license plate in Shenzhen.
In the larger context of the family, governments have generally taken a positive approach to the development of smart cars.
The company was founded as a joint venture between China and China, working in partnership with Philip, Wiedio, and Siemens. On that basis, it developed an internal quality control system of excellence.
For many years in a row, you have been awarded the title of "good supplier," "best supplier", "best supplier", "good cooperation supplier" and "the annual cooperation supplier award" by customers of a number of car factories, such as Jiri Automotive.
The company’s collaboration with major clients has lasted more than 10 years, and the company’s collaboration with Gilly has been going back to 2006, starting in 1996. We believe that the long-standing collaboration of Desaiway with the entire company and the repeated awards of the entire company provide ample evidence of the quality of the product and industry’s leadership.
And as the automobile industry moves in the direction of intelligence and networking, it is both an opportunity and a challenge for car electronics providers. As the value of the industry shifts, the original supplier pattern is expected to change, and the producers with good customer relationships, although they have some advantage, will be able to provide products that match the needs of the entire company in future competition.
Future product roll-out and in-depth collaboration with the garage are to be expected. In 2017, the company, building on its previous focus on clients, opened up new customers such as Volvo, East Wind, Biadi, and the planned roll-out of cooperative projects with cars, cars, and home cars, and national energy cars, demonstrating good business outreach.
High capacity utilization, and raising projects are expected to improve capacity bottlenecks due to the increase in downstream demand and orders, and the company ' s capacity utilization is consistently higher. According to the company ' s stock offer, the utilization rate for the three main products -- car-borne information and entertainment systems, air conditioning controllers, and driver information display systems -- was over 100 per cent for the three-year period 2014-2016, and for the first half of 2017.
One reason for the high capacity utilization rate is that the production capacity of the company is measured on the basis of two shifts per day for five days per week, but the actual production of the company is higher because of the increasing number of company orders for seven days per week, based on three shifts per day. Despite the continued growth in annual capacity, the main reason for the high capacity utilization rate is the continued increase in downstream demand.
In the company ' s investment project, the Automotive Electronic Interconnectivity Integration Project, the Automotive Smart Plant Construction Project, etc., companies will be able to upgrade their automated production lines by acquiring advanced production and testing equipment such as high-level stickers, automated assembly lines, ict tests, optical examinations, etc., and further increase productivity and effectively improve the quality of their products. We believe that, with the launching and implementation of the project, the company ' s capacity to exploit bottlenecks is expected to improve and lead to firm performance.
Research and development (R & D) investment, cutting edge areas, companies have always attached great importance to autonomous R & D and innovation capabilities, and their R & D costs as a share of business income remained above 6% from 2014 to 2017. Compared with similar companies in the industry, the share of electronics, all-power electronics, the Huayang Group, the Sotoin stock, and the share of open-circuit technology, except for 2017, started with the share of investment in R & D in T.
In 2017, the share of R & D investment by companies showed a marked increase, while the share of R & D investment by Deguy Xiwei was relatively modest. In absolute terms, T & D investment in 2017 was significantly ahead of four other friends, in addition to the large difference between the average and average electronics. From 2014 to 2017, the cost of R & D by companies increased from R & D to R & D to R X 420 million, with an average compound annual growth rate of 27.82%.
We believe that, as a capital- and technology-intensive industry, sustained R & D inputs are a guarantee for the long-term development of firms. Particularly in the current context of the growing maturity of traditional industries and the growing importance of applications in new areas, such as artificial intelligence, R & D inputs in new areas will be key to keeping firms competitive and achieving a curved excess.
As can be seen, in keeping with the changing times, companies have started to invest in research and development in such cutting-edge areas as smart driving, car networking, and some of the technology for car and cellular connectivity has been published. In 2017, companies established R&D centers in Chengdu, building on existing research and development centers in Huezhou, Nanjing, and Singapore, and set up autopilot technology teams in Singapore.
In 2017, the company reached a total of 1,458 R & D personnel, an increase of 30.29% compared to 2016, with corresponding R & D inputs increasing by 22.86%. The company’s continued investment in R & D provides the basis for the opening of new business in the future.
In recent years, companies have also introduced new products that are more intelligent and modern based on their traditional business. In June 2017, Desaisiway launched a home-grown smart cockpit concept based on user-use scenario design. The smart cockpit, based on the Kanzi tool, uses a 12.3-inch tft screen as its main interface. In addition to providing users with easy access to driving information and entertainment in a given scenario, the smart cockpit can be used in real time to apply state-of-the-art smart driving techniques, such as four.
Road high clearance cameras, 77g mm wave radars, etc., are capable of performing such specific functions as full automatic parking functions, panoramic parking, pre-accident alerts, traffic deviation alerts, pedestrian monitoring, and so on. The skills of Devote's smart cockpit products are mature and will soon be delivered. Among them, in the area of high-resolution cameras for key parts, the company has a fully automated high-resolution camera production line and has taken the lead in achieving high-resolution vehicle cameras and a high-visibility system in the country.
Figure 14: The Desaiway smart cockpit product shows that we believe that the continued improvement and upgrading of auto-assisted driving functions will be an important trend for the future auto-drive industry, in the context of the reality that complete autopilot is not yet mature in the short term, and that intelligent cockpit products are expected to become an important product in the industry, taking into account the increased comfort and entertainment performance of the superimposed industry.
Other manufacturers, such as a red flag, Samsung, Matsumoto, Boshi, Soli, etc., have also launched smart cockpit products that have taken the lead in taking up the segment. As an important way to increase motor intelligence and recreation, the penetration of smart cockpits is expected to increase gradually in the future.
In the area of smart driving, the industry is currently developing with industry groups because of uncertainty about the future direction of the industry and technological trends and the need for close cooperation among a number of industry actors. In 2017, Desai Wei and the leading domestic autopilots announced 100% cooperation, with both sides working around two dimensions: bcu and mapauto, working on high-precision maps for autopilots and technical areas such as self-location, car environmental perception, decision-making, etc.
Of these, Desaiway, the first coalition partner to join the mapauto product, was responsible for hardware design, software framework, and other bottom designs, such as product safety, functional security, etc., with 100% contributing software technology and algorithms. bcu is 100% based on high accuracy maps, combined with sensor information such as gps, cameras and imus, and specially calculated to provide high accuracy positioning for autopilot.
The platform, which has two basic capabilities for information security and cloud upgrading, as well as three core modules: high positioning, environmental perception, and planning and decision-making. 100 degrees say that bcu is the product that was born to address the industry problems of autopilot technologies that are difficult to apply. Maputo, the 100-degree map machine version, is the smart exit solution for the front-loading market, which continues the advantage of 100-degree maps of mobile phones, deep integration of vehicle scenes, and provides a safe and reliable off-line map service for vehicle owners.
In these two areas, Desai Siwei and Bermuda are planning to build three products – bcu-mloc (high-precision positioning), bcu-mlop (high-precision + environmental perception) and bcu-mlop2 (high-precision + environmental perception + decision-making planning), the first two of which are currently being developed. In July 2017, Desai Siwei joined Badopollo.
Ecology was the first member of the 100-degree Apollo project. In November 2017, at the 100-degree World Congress, the company united to publish a system based on the Dueros platform. Given the 100-degree deep reserves of autopilot technology, data, and resources, the 100-degree open driving-related technology accumulation and capabilities will facilitate the rapid development of autopilot technology.
For Desailawes, cooperation with 100% of the population, and participation in the apollo program, can make up for company shortcomings in autopilot algorithms and data, in the form of alliances that benefit the participants in making up for the waste of unnecessary duplication of research and development, and eventually facilitate the rapid landing of the autopilot industry.
In addition to working with 100% of the people, Desaichevy is gradually strengthening cooperation with the emerging Internet car-making industry. In June this year, the company signed a strategic collaboration agreement with Pelican cars to develop an autopilot system at the level of 193.
The rapid growth in company performance is due, on the one hand, to a significant increase in sales of domestic vehicles, especially national product suv in 2016, before sales in 2016.
Three grand cities, Haffah 6, Magneto 4 and General Mitsubishi 560, are a complement to the company ' s product; on the other hand, they benefit from the company ' s increasing share of the supply of the joint venture; and, on the other hand, the increase in the sales unit price also contributed to the growth in sales income, with average unit prices of the company ' s main product falling from 2014 to 2016, mainly due to the large environmental impact of the lower overall passenger market in 2017 and a more stable increase in the sale of the company ' s supporting model.
Compared to the company, the rate of Māori in Desaiwei is slightly lower than that of Solijin shares and smooth technology, but higher than that of three other amigos. We believe that the difference in Māori rates is related to differences in the line of business between companies and differences in the ratio of pre- and post-loading operations. For example, the share of Solijin shares and smooth technology back-loading operations are larger, while the front-loading business in Desaiwei is larger.
There are a few non-car electronics products in the Huayang Group, all of which, taking into account only the Māori rate of automobile electronics, are close to Desai Wei. There is a certain difference in the direction of the specific product.
Slow, but given the volume of new operations in the future, represented by smart cockpits, and the volume of some of the smart driving support products, it is expected that these two operations will continue to grow steadily over the next two years. The Māori rate for both the Car-borne Recreation System and the Car-borne Information System increased in 2017 relative to 2016, reflecting the continuation of competition in the corporate sector, and is expected to remain at the same level in the future.
2. Carborne AC controllers and driving information display systems are relatively low in the company’s business system. The company’s full LCD dashboard was produced in 2017, which will drive the growth of driver’s operations in the future. Vehicle AC controller operations are expected to continue to grow at a low rate. The level of Māori is expected to remain stable.
“End-up” investment rating.1 The risk of a slowdown in the vehicle market is high. The elimination of the policy of halving vehicle purchase taxes in 2017 put the car market at a lower level as a whole, with the same speed as the increase in the sale of vehicle models, putting some pressure on the growth of corporate performance.
In addition to traditional electronics, the company has been active in recent years in new business such as smart cockpit, adas, etc. Although some of the new products have already been produced in volume, there is some uncertainty about the volume of future operations and their impact on the company’s overall performance. The Iron City, Master of Business and Industry, has been engaged in software development, pc product management, etc., with eight years of experience in the industry.
Chai Jin, a Master of Business Administration from Beijing University, has worked on mobile phone research and development, laboratory management, etc., and has had eight years of experience in the IT industry. In 2015, he joined the Sunda securities industry, where he studied computer science. Yuan Hae-woo, a Bachelor of Physics and Master of Science in Condensed Physics from Beijing University. In 2016, he joined the Sunda securities industry, where he studied computer science.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.