Dexahwet (downgrade) Domestic cabin electronic taps, beach grabs, domestic cabin electronic taps, based on a vehicle-borne entertainment information system.
The company's main industry is screen-based, its fists are car-borne entertainment and car-borne information systems, and the two \trianglerights received more than 80% of the total. Formerly Philips, Manesman, Siemens.
A joint venture under the banner of Germany's technological advantages and overseas client resources; 36% annual income cagr, with the highest rate of growth in the industry: the company has the highest market for loading a vehicle-borne entertainment information system, based on value for money and rapid turnover.
"Desessives" (002920); "Receiving downstream images top3 and working with new energy vehicles, cars and domestic and national vehicles is steadily moving forward.
Research and development (R & D), deployment of autopilots, system-level production of products ahead of schedule 2. Corporate Insight Research (Texerswig Inc.) has achieved a 28% compound growth in R & D costs between 2014 and 2017, with the main input being automatic.
(b) The company was well positioned and technically competitive in the area of autopilot and was the only one involved \triangleright
In conjunction with the manufacturer of the 100°3 dedicated computing platform bcu product development, responsible for hardware in the 100°bcu high-quality cameras and high-level clairvoyant viewing system, which has been produced and has received multiple international and autonomous brand orders; the full self-propelled parking system is expected to be produced and delivered to clients during the year, and the millimetre wave radar production line has been completed
For the first time, companies are expected to break the monopoly of foreign manufacturers in the field of autopilots, where more than 4 million new autopilots have been added to the project, because of the contraction of vehicle placements during low traffic periods and the impact of high investment in intelligent driving.
Zhou Joun-hoon moved down to a higher rating of 27x. The pace of growth in the backup cars has slowed, the client growth has fallen short of expectations, and the auto-drive and car-networking industries have not grown as fast as expected.
I. In general, the company is the lead in the electronics industry, with the city being the first, relying on the head of the factory, and relying on the company’s customers.
The main reason for this is that the dominant industry is being held hostage by the downstream car market, and part of the company is old.
The sales of customer-backed vehicles have declined or even stopped (e.g., Changon, Wall, etc.); second, high-level R & D inputs for autopilot, with R & D costs of 2018h1 at $240 million, an increase of 27% from the same year.
Negative factors are still present, but companies can't afford to ignore their growth: first, the pre-enactment and leadership, and in the throes of the age of stocking by car, the company's lead in the higher pre-suit market (99% of the pre-loading, industry leader) is in the same industry.
The second is that companies have the highest share of self-employed and joint-venture pre-loading markets compared to other companies in the industry, with high client recognition supporting the bottom line of performance. The company’s clients cover five of the Top10 autonomous manufacturers, and the Top3 joint venture, and run it.
Finally, the company’s high cost of research and development is to take over the beach, in conjunction with more than 4 million new autopilots, and to set up a pilot site for autopilot applications in 2020.
▪ The company has further expanded the advantages of the smart cabin to autopilot (e.g., automated parking systems, control systems and sensor systems) and has already achieved development results. First, the layout is deep and wide, with the main layouts “sense” and “calculation processing” in autopilots.
Technology such as high-resolution camera and 24g mm wave radar, multi-sensor integration, automatic parking, multi-purpose high-light viewing, infrared night vision. Second, it is tied to the depth of the power of technology companies and new vehicles, in hundreds of partners.
The company is the only company that is fully involved in the research and development of the bcu products of the three 100-degree dedicated computing platforms (covering most of the international zero head and domestic bunkers): implemented in 2018 with the collaboration of Ping to assist it in the development, manufacture and mass production of the L3 level automated driving system.
Third, the product has produced results, and the camera: high-definition cameras and high-resolution clairvoyant are produced in quantities, with new products such as HDZ, t-box receiving multiple international and autonomous brand orders: Ray Daa: the full automated parking system is expected to produce and deliver to domestic clients during the year, highly automated
Second, there has been a steady development of the main vehicle-borne entertainment information system, with the accelerated penetration of the smart cockpit 2.1 smart cockpit products, which have been snooping into low- and medium-end vehicles, with huge market space.
▪ A smart cockpit promotes the upgrading of human vehicle interactions, which greatly enhances user experience Traditional car pilots interact with mechanical buttons: As the Internet develops, users project mobile phones into cars to achieve some manipulation and entertainment functions;
Currently, the Hud multiscreens, multifunctional smart cockpits are integrated into LCD/CM large screens/ups to facilitate the further upgrading of human interaction. Users do not need a mobile phone to perform navigation, entertainment functions, body control, visualization of vehicle parameters, etc.
Angular tubes directly, car net root pillars, guide to hud.
Most places show that the media back-links, the consumer's need for car intelligence, and the increased investment in the garage drive the industry's development.
With the extension of the Internet to cars, consumers want to integrate more and more entertainment and control modules into the cockpit. For example, LCD meters, more than 77% of the LCD consumer surveys in the Gestapo car have been eliminated.
Costers know the LCD dashboard, and more than 60% of consumers include LCD dashboards in their car purchases, reflecting a higher consumer acceptance and acceptance of the smart cockpit. The whole factory is constantly increasing its smart cockpit input. As the car is electronicized, the cockpit is.
The most intuitive sense of the vehicles of new technology and new technology, the increased investment of smart cockpits throughout the garage, and the provision of information, communication and entertainment functions for drivers and passengers, usually including electronic maps, navigational services, back-to-back aids, information and entertainment support driving modules, and security surveillance, tires, etc.
In addition, the development of new energy vehicles and the increased penetration of adas are driving intelligent cockpit development.
Air mileage, battery state information and adas state information make it difficult to cope with traditional instruments, do not allow for effective human interaction, and LCD and vehicle information management systems are gradually becoming standard matching, driving intelligent cockpit development.
Smart cockpit products go down to low- and medium-end vehicles, and penetration increases rapidly. As consumers become more individualized, consumer awareness increases and competition in the car market increases, smart cockpit products become car-specific points, moving gradually from high-end vehicles to mass vehicles.
Both types are configured with LCD instruments. The product is expanded to a mass vehicle type, resulting in a rapid increase in product penetration, such as LCD plates/preloaded navigation.
Central controls are interfaces and portals for information interactions, based on bus bus systems and Internet services, and form vehicle-based integrated information processing systems, which provide multiple functions such as navigational positioning/body control/recreation inside the vehicle, and are at the core of the human interaction. To enhance user experience and the exterior of the cabin, the entire vehicle enterprise is running a large screen.
Control, 7 - 9 inches of the 214 models displayed in the Shanghai Car show in 2017 (traditional 4 - 6 inches) are mainstream, with an average controlled size of 8.9 inches in autonomous brands. Smart cockpit: Viston predicts the size of the global smart cockpit market in 2015
Of the $29.4 billion, the global smart cockpit market is projected to be 43.2 billion dollars by 2020, or 8 per cent, of Cagr. Information and entertainment systems account for more than half, or 51 per cent, of the total. The dashboard, monitors, remote processors and peace monitors account for 22 per cent, 19 per cent, 6 per cent and 2 per cent, respectively.
Carborne Information and Recreation System: According to the data on emobility 2018, the Carborne Information and Recreation System (including Advanced Navigation, Recreation and Comfort Services) will have a global revenue of $920 million in 2017 and is expected to increase to $4.2 billion in 2022. Of this, domestic revenue will be $130 million from 2017.
For the same period, the cagr was 44.7 per cent for entertainment services and 38.6 per cent for comfort services. According to data on emobility 2018, the number of vehicles loaded in the country ' s advanced navigation system in 2022 is expected to reach 6.1 million, and the total number of vehicles loaded in the vehicle-borne information and recreation system is expected to reach 10.3 million.
2.2.1 A German-born company, based on value for money and rapid turnover, with a car-borne entertainment information system, was founded in 1986 and initially financed by the State (Heju Industries) and foreign funds (Pilip Autonomy)
In 2010, China negotiated with the mainland group to counter-acquisition of 70% of foreign shares and move to self-employment. Box products are car-borne entertainment systems and vehicle-borne information systems, which account for more than 80% of the revenue, mainly in the higher Maori front.
The market, where products enter German, Japanese, and US joint brands. The company further expands the advantage of smart cabins to autopilots (e.g. automated parking systems, control systems, sensors, etc.), holding hands and developing a dedicated computing platform bcu.
▪ The company’s core product is Carborne Recreation Information System. The product covers car-borne information and entertainment systems, vehicle-mounted air controllers, driving information displays, electronic manufacturing services, etc. Car-borne entertainment systems include cd, vcd, radio, multimedia, etc.
Audio-visual equipment to provide entertainment services: Carborne Information System: equipment to provide information services to drivers, including navigation engines and software, electronic maps, wireless broadcast information, long-distance communications, etc.
The screen-based control of the cd machine is irreversible, the higher Māori rate of car-borne information system (cid) is a trend where the unit cost of vehicle-borne information system is higher than the vehicle-borne entertainment system is 700~1,000 and the Māori rate is about 7 pct. In terms of industry trends, the screen-based control of the cd is irreversible, and from entertainment to information system
As a result of the trend towards mainstream upgrading, vehicle-borne information system penetration increased by 8 to 68 per cent, while vehicle-borne entertainment system penetration decreased by 9 to 25 per cent.The company’s core product, car-borne recreation system, increased from 55 per cent in 2017 to 63 per cent.
The vehicle-borne information system fell from 27 per cent to 22 per cent during the same period, temporarily counterproductive to the general trend in the industry, but with accelerated substitution penetration in the industry and faster company output, the outbreak of cid products is expected. 2.2.2 Competition patterns are intense and market share companies are the highest in the country
• Market patterns: intense competition and low concentration. Carborne entertainment information system markets are highly competitive, and the market is highly fielded. From the global market, the main players are divided into two categories: the old giants of car parts, who are often tied to the depth of the entire factory, the former loading market.
(b) Second, electronics, the electronic and networked properties of vehicle-borne entertainment information systems, which make it easier for such enterprises to reach out to the area of automobiles, with the advantage that they can produce quickly.
In the industrial chain, manufacturers of vehicle-borne entertainment information system equipment are hard to bypass the entire factory and the user, which is served by more fixed suppliers.
• Global markets: low concentration, technological superiority of older giants such as Haman, mainland, Bosch, Alps, and electric uniforms, with the top five suppliers accounting for about 46% of the total. And competition is highly geographically significant, Bo takes over the European market, and Weibo takes over the Asian market in the US market, the electric suit, the pine business, and so on.
• Domestic market: Part of it is occupied by the international stock-and-parts front business, but in an autonomous branded whole factory, indigenous companies account for most of the market share in terms of value-for-money advantages and fast-changing capabilities. Domestic car-borne entertainment information system firms start late compared to the foreign supplier giants, mainly after their initial development.
As a result of the development of the Internet in the country, domestic manufacturers are gradually encroaching on the share of foreign producers, mainly in the Pearl Triangle region. Companies are collecting domestic vehicle-borne entertainment information systems, based on the advantages of rapid product rotation, rapid response, low cost, etc.
Among the largest and most urbanly dominated firms, competitors include Sotoin stockholdings, smooth technology, the Huayang Group, good helpers, accompanies electronics, flying songs, all-time electronics, etc., the first three of which are the company ' s most direct and listed competitors.
2.2.3 Accompanied by a well-known front-line car manufacturer and promoting collaboration with the new energy company, Carborne Entertainment Information System (CARIS) is the largest in the market for self-initiated and joint branding. The top five clients of the company are the Great Wall Motors, the Volkswagen - the Popular, the Chang Ammadha, the Guang Gas Group, and the General Mitsubishi.
In comparison with other companies in the industry, the client range covers most autonomous and high-quality joint brands; overseas markets are better placed than the same, and branches are established in Singapore, Germany, and Japan to successfully access the supply chain of foreign car companies.
In 2017, the top five clients of the company, Hiroshima, Wall and Jili, registered a 14%, 9% and 4% of the company's revenue, respectively, with Gilly, and a further deepening of the partnership; in terms of joint branding, with General Five.
In recent years, the market position for autonomous brands has been steadily consolidated, with 43% of the city in January-July 2018.
Starting with a medium- and low-end brand (less than $150,000), after more than 30 years of development, brands have begun to explore the interior of the joint brand (more than $200,000), such as the distribution of parts of the car, such as gs8, the collar, etc., putting pressure on the joint brand. On the other hand, the market concentration has increased.
Slowing down and increasing competition have also led to internal fragmentation within autonomous brands, with markets moving toward high-quality, autonomous brands. The upper-mortality group, the Hiroshima group, the Great Wall car, and the Gilly car sales have grown much faster than the industry, with four firms occupying 13.7% of the 2018h1 car market (compared to 7.5% in 2013).
In 2016, China’s modern, eastern dragons and other Korean, French, joint ventures and Chang Anfort’s sales began to drop, while the Shanghai public and the Shanghai Steam began to drop.
In the short term, the Japanese-Germans still enjoy a certain market share of brand-famous and high-quality slogans: the Korean legal system is the first to enter the Chinese market with a high-flame + high-value ratio and a lack of brand influence.
Starting in 2016, the joint venture brand was divided (ten thousand) into continuously importing hot-marketed vehicles and working with the new energy company to make steady progress. With regard to old customer matching models, the company imported the same type of car that transmits gs4, 560 and högl, in 2017 with a crowd.
In-depth collaboration to deliver air conditioning controllers for the mqb platform. On the new client side, the company entered the Madeida global supply chain in 2013 and developed the Volvo platform in 2017, as well as customers such as East Wind, Biadi and others, with a steady progress in cooperative projects with new energy vehicles, cars, and home and national energy vehicles.
The old customer matching model: As the overall growth rate of the automobile industry slows, competition increases, and some of it falls. After a period of rapid growth (2001-2010, sales volume), the automobile industry has moved from demand-side saturation to weak consumption to stock-taking.
With the exception of the dominant consumer model, such as suv (structural 42%, autonomous branding area), sales of cars, mpv, and cross-types tend to grow at zero or decrease. The company’s performance declined in 2018 as a result of the sale of the supporting model.
Cars with a large number of vehicles (ga3, gs5); and the general Mitsubishi (560) with a focus on the company ' s car; and the new customer ' s model: the new customer has two main types, the first being Biadei in the second half of 2017.
And autonomous and joint brands, such as East Wind, have stabilized in terms of sales, and companies have benefited from increased penetration of their car-borne entertainment/information systems; and two new-energy automobile companies, such as cars, cars and homes, and national energy, are now stable compared to two new car-making forces.
The company is expected to benefit from the delivery of more than 9,000 vehicles during the year, in accordance with the pledge to deliver 10,000 units in 2018.
The company focuses on the front-loading market. Solithin shares and smooth technology masters are back-loaded, while the company and the Huayang group have been cut in. 99% of the company’s front-loading receipts are higher than Huayang (about 75%), Sotoin (60% to 70%) and open traffic (2018h1 begins to change from back-loading to forward-loading).
▪ In terms of the structure of the business, companies and the Huayang Group are dominated by car-borne entertainment systems, with 63% of companies accounting for it. Sokin shares and smooth technology are dominated by car-borne information systems, which account for 88% and 68%, respectively. As an upgrade of the entertainment system, the Māori rate is about 7-8 pt, so it is about 7-8 pt.
Sokin shares and smooth technology in 2014-2017 were higher than companies and the Huayang Group. However, compared to the situation where pre-car information system pre-loading markets are still dominated by foreign manufacturers, the pre-car-carrying market is gradually becoming more permeable and the market is increasing.
The raw materials and manufacturing costs of the pre-loaded business products are temporarily at a higher level of supply, and in terms of growth space: the reliability, stability and delivery requirements of the pre-loaded customers for quality are high compared to the back-loading market, resulting in high barriers to entry and a more stable supply relationship.
The increase in the loading market depends on the productivity of cars and the increasing pre-consumption rate, which makes the pre-loading market more open. The company ' s business income increased by 32 per cent in 2014, mainly as a result of autopilot in three, layout, and system-level production took over the track.
3.1l2/l3 class autopilots gradually become new vehicle tags, multisensor integration is the trend of the sensory layer adas are autopilots of the first steps.
Autopilot systems are usually divided into decision-making layers, sensory layers, enforcement layers, and support for high-precision maps and motor networks.
Processing; decision-making level is an autonomously driven “brain” that is modeled, judged and decided on the basis of known information. Implementation level refers to replacing human-controlled vehicles upon completion of decision-making and feedback to the bottom module.
Four major categories of companies, such as the Enterprise Technology Corporation, compete to develop autopilot technologies. The whole company is Audi, General, Tesla, etc.
And in the process of developing the whole plant, the cost, time and technology are to be balanced, with the most rational options for loading cars as a step-by-step goal.
Internet companies: Google, Pepsi, and so on. With big data and algorithmic advantages, there has been dramatic progress in working with the entire car factory while maintaining its independence and independence.
Technology companies are highly efficient in their performance and speed of development. Entrepreneurship companies: roadstar.ai, navya, etc.
The demand for the sensor market in the short term will be driven mainly by cameras and millimetre-wave radars: at level 13, autopilot of Audia 8 produced a strong heart agent for the entire automobile industry, autopiloted earlier than expected, and sensors and control systems were rapidly changing; by 2020,
The market for laser radars will expand rapidly after the L4 level autopilot output. The multisensor integration solution will be inevitable because of the characteristics of the main sensors, which make it impossible for a single type of sensor to be fully self-piloted by a single type of sensor to perform the complex circumstances and safety redundancies of a single type.
Diagram 34: Autopilot multisensor integration Laser radar: 3d environmental modelling to make it a core sensor, but performance decreases in bad weather and the image and colour are not recognized as shortboards.
In this case, the laser radar needs at least one. The laser radar currently uses only a thousand stations in 2017, and the technical route is still open, and foreign manufacturers are increasingly working together with first-tier suppliers, such as Quanergy and Delfort, lbio and Cerebro and others.
(a) Fareo, Leddatech and Tetravue and Bo, innoviz and Delvoy and Magna;
MM-BOR: All-weather work makes it indispensable, but with low resolution, equally difficult to visualize. MM-BOR is very mature as compared to laser radar, which is the current stage of the main sensor, and the total output of the ball is tens of thousands.
The global market continues to be dominated by tier1s, such as Bo, Mainland, Del Foy, but with the increasing penetration of adas, the autonomous branded car factory is gradually applying various adas modules, domestic millimetre wavers, such as the Volkswagen, Texas, etc.
Cameras: identifiers, objects, but cannot be modeled, remotely measured. In the das segment, as an absolute mainstream visual sensor, four to eight cameras are required depending on function.
Sensors and cos are monopolized by Japanese-Korean high-tech companies, with Sony and Samsung as the sum of more than 50%; and image processor dsp, with Texas instruments as the main suppliers.
Mobileye, Wah, Heath, etc., with the highest rate in Texas, Xiang optics is the leading business in the lens: module, Ophelia has been extended to the vehicle-car-caring area. Autopilot: according to Boston (bcg) data, by 2025, the global adas market
It will amount to $36 billion, compared to $6 billion in the fully automated driving market, for a total of $42 billion. Due to the high technical threshold and cost of the adas, which have only begun to develop in recent years, and the beginning of the commercial scale, our country currently has a low penetration rate of the adas, which is based on kpmg-based automatic driving permits for countries.
In terms of index avri (comprehensive consideration of policy, technological innovation, infrastructure, consumer acceptance, etc.), the area of our adas is still at an early stage, and there is a gap between countries like Europe and America and Japan.
By 2020, 50% of da, pa, and ca’s new vehicles will be equipped + 80% by 2025. China’s current market size is less than $40 billion, and the future market space is huge.
Sensors: The multisensor multisensor mix will be marked, and the global market for vehicle sensors will exceed $50 billion in 2030. 3.2 Together with 100 degrees, develop a dedicated autopilot computing platform with a camera-backed viewing system.
3.2.1 The main layout “sense” and “calculation processing” components in the autopilot field are given in the sensor section, mainly high-sense vehicle-borne cameras and 24g mm wave radar (RD01 platform item), which has now been tested and the next generation of 77ghz milligrams has been developed
Currently, the full automated parking system is expected to be produced and delivered to domestic customers during the year, and the highly automated millimetre-wave radar production line has been completed and is in a quantifiable state.
Technologies such as the clairvoyant system, the multifunctional high-resolution clairvoyant platform, and the infrared night vision system. At present, the company’s high-cam camera and clairvoyant system have achieved a quantity of production, of which new products such as the high-altoscope system, t-box, etc. have received several international and autonomous brand orders.
Figure 39: Corporate autopilot system processing (multisensor integration) monthly cesasia, the company publishes its autonomously developed adas smart cockpit, including four product systems: double 12.3 inches instrumental navigation system, panoramic parking and automatic parking system, back-to-back media
Visual mirror systems, sensor systems. Sensor systems include 12 ultrasound radars, single-vision cameras, one head, 77g mm wave radars, three, 24g mm wave radars, two, 180° cameras, four.
Automated driving technology team, investing in a fully automated camera production line, took the lead in achieving high-resolution vehicle production with cameras and loop-vision systems in the country. In November 2017, a class-based autopilot system was jointly developed and tested in closed lanes.
A strategic cooperation agreement was signed for the development of a class-I3 smart driving system, manufactured by a company, which is expected to produce in 2020. 3.2.2 Together with 100 degrees, a dedicated autopilot computing platform is developed and developed.bcu
• The company was the only one to be involved in the development of a 100-degree three-bcu product. In June 2017, the company agreed on a strategic partnership with the 100-degree platform and became the first member of the apollo platform in July.
There are three bcu computing platform products (high positioning + environmental perception + decision planning). There are international auto parts and components such as Boshi, Mainland, Delfort, Ceefu, as well as domestic smart cabins such as Desailawy, Huayang, Lustow, Acquaintance, and Flying Songs.
In 100% of the bcu products, the company is primarily responsible for hardware design, software framework, and other bottom designs (such as products, functional integrity, etc.) of the system, as well as for the integration and production of car parts and components.
Arithmetic, including artificial intelligence, clouds, and high-precision map operations. 3.2.2 Invested heavily in research and development, pre-winding adas products, combined with the accumulation of German technology, and research and development investments to secure product development.
The R & D team recorded a 28 per cent complex growth rate in R & D costs in 2014-2017. Corporate R & D was mainly invested in autopilot in 2017, including auto-emergency brakes, auto-cruisers, automatic parking, etc. In auto-driving, companies are expected to break the monopoly position of foreign manufacturers for the first time.
Thanks to solid technology, the company has been involved in driving information displays since 2005 and has been in the lead in layout since 2010. In recent years, smart cabin companies such as Desai, Huayang, Sofni, and Roadsfast have accelerated autopilot awareness and awareness.
The research and development of the processing process, the products are mostly concentrated on smart cameras, millimetre wave radar, etc. And companies are more involved in the number and difficulty of research projects than their counterparts.
Foryou-Waryang Group, Desaixive, mark the full viewing system platform.
Image-based Advanced Driving Auxiliary System Critical Technology Research Station (ab01b01b01): bcu (100-degree smart driving computing module): samples released
Wide-angled video-touch-control camera: completed product drive smart reverse camera (rvc): developing platform project: researching
Eurostat video camera: already supplied in bulk hdcamera: developing dynamic trajectories: complete sample test
*Easoneadas: In researching auto-busting: in researching multi-purpose high-resolution environment platform (ab02a): in researching
Rg02gn: researching vehicle 360 degrees 3d panorama: large-scale test production, fcw anti-accident alert and driveway deviation alarm.
(ldw): A small batch of test products based on a one-sighted adas system and the development of a car factory adas device: 2016.9 completed
Advanced assistive driving techniques based on image processing and mode identification:
3.2.3 The project will add more than 4 million autopilot-related products, enrich the company's product lines, and raise $2.3 billion in the company's ipo market for auto electronic intelligence plants, car electronic mobility.
This project is not just a project to expand the production capacity of products such as car-borne information and entertainment systems.
It also includes the building of capacity for more than 4 million auto-drive products, with enabling companies pre-empting the height of the system. Figure 45: Corporate ipo fund-raising projects, IV. Financial aspects: operating well, benefiting from the advantages of scale
4.1 Looking at long-term performance, declining debt ratios, year-on-year growth in cash flows Short-term pressure on performance, long-term good. Business income grew by 6% to $6.01 billion in 2017, net return H1 was dragged down by the downstream car market and partial parking of downstream customers such as Chang An, Wall, Chirre, etc.
Revenue fell by 9 to 2.86 billion yuan, and net profit for mothers fell by 20 to 290 million yuan. But in the medium and long term, it is worth noting that companies have stepped up their efforts to promote overseas and joint ventures in vehicle-borne entertainment information system operations (Wolvo, East Wind, etc.) while setting up adas.
The ipo and loan repayments completed in 2017 led to a significant shift in corporate asset and liability rates, which decreased by 31.2 pct. In addition, net cash flows from operating activities, 4.2 corporate asset turnover, roe-leading industries, high cost-control capacity and significant scale effects
▪ Dismantling the company using the Dubon analysis method, with the company’s asset turnover rate, the advantage of the roe, and a small net interest rate. The company’s roe is much higher than other companies in the industry, and the split of the roe shows that the greatest contribution to the company’s roe is the total asset turnover, followed by the net interest rate and, finally, the equity multiplier.
▪ In terms of net interest rates, the advantage is derived from lower-period rates when the Māori rate is not favourable. The management cost is lower than the industry level, given that the company’s products are primarily directed at end-b customers, and that the overall garage is highly concentrated and bargaining power is strong.
In terms of stock turnover, the company's position has increased since 2015. The overall asset turnover advantage of the company is 5.1 key assumptions and profit projections.
(a) Slow overall growth in the automobile industry and a decline in the sale of some of the accompanied vehicles: Car Information System, DIF gradual release of capacity with the project;
(b) The driving information display system increased as a result of the upgrade of the LCD dashboard;
The company is an intelligent cabin with an absolute competitive advantage in the field of car-borne entertainment and vehicle-based information systems, with a long head and a beach adas. The company's 2018h1 performance is being dragged down by the downstream car market, and by Chang An and Chang An.
Some of the parking effects of downstream customers such as the Wall, Chirry, and others. The future slowdown in the sales of accompanied cars can have an impact on the company’s business.
The share has been largely split; in joint ventures and the foreign front-loading market, it is now the new strength of firms. In the face of intense competition from counterparts, there may be cases where clients are expanding at a slower pace, being taken over by competitors.
The cost of producing products falls short of expectations. Most smart driving systems and spare parts are still being delivered in small quantities, companies involved are investing very much in the ahead, and corporate costs are being reduced only to a limited extent if they fail to deliver as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment