Wang Wei-chul is a fair-value re-measured investment return of $830 million from 50 per cent of the company ' s share in the formerly held wide-drug medicine and an increase of $260 million in the fair value of 7.4 per cent of its shareholding.
The net profit after deduction was 1.54 billion yuan, yoy + 36.7%, and the main business also experienced high growth. Of this, the company received $7.93 billion, y0y + 36.1%, net profit recorded in the first quarter of 2018q2, with 1.71 billion dollars, and the drugs in the south grew rapidly, with a net increase in good health, and the business section benefited mainly from the scale: branching.
In 2017, the rapid growth of the company’s Nan Pharmacies, the Great Health Plate and the Big Business Plate, respectively, was mainly due to a significant increase in the sale of pharmaceutical products in the company during the influenza 01 and to price increases for some of the company’s products, which are expected to continue at a rate of more than 30 per cent; (2) large
The same-digit growth in the health plate was due mainly to the digestion of stocks by Wang Jie q2 and the increase in the discounts, the capture of markets and the resulting lack of significant growth in sales revenues, followed by the digestion of stock through channels.
After that, it is expected that the income end will return to double-digit growth, benefiting from net interest rate net profits of yoy + 56 per cent. (3) A significant increase in corporate pharmaceutical business receipts on a year-on-year basis is mainly due to the June rollout of the company’s payroll, which will remain under pressure if the company’s original wholesale business is removed.
5.3 percentage points are attributable, on the one hand, to the decline of 3.7 percentage points in the Māori rate of the large health plate due to the increase in sales discounts on the market, and, on the other hand, to the partial reduction in the cost of the Māori portion of the drug compared with the promotion method used by Wang Ji, which was mainly based on sales discounts this year.
Corporate management rates and financial rates decreased by 1.6 and 0.2 percentage points, respectively, and are expected to be mainly due to medicine in Guangzhou. Taken together, the cost rates fell by 6.8 percentage points to 19.0 per cent over the period of the company.
Profit projections and investment proposals: Due to the significant increase in corporate investment returns, we have increased the ratio of a share to a company by 15 times and 16 times, respectively, and h to a share by 11 times and 12 times, respectively. For expected remuneration (expected return; er), reference is made to the following:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.