Xeroxine power (300316.sz) other specialized machines iii ii light-voltage inverted, high-speed, single-crystal world.
Since the beginning of the year, the country has continued to adopt positive policies in the light-volatile industry, such as the Project for the Alleviation of Poverty and the Pilots, which has been warming rapidly since the second half of 2016. On July 28, 17, 2006, the Department of Energy issued guidance on the implementation of the “Thirty-Five” Plan for the Development of Renewable Energy, planning for an additional installation of 86.5gw in 17-20 and for 2020.
7 The size of the self-propelled power station in the province, which was over 200gw in 2020 and an average of 35-40gw in 17-20 years. Transistor power is one of the largest suppliers of crystallized silicon growing equipment in the country, with an expansive photovoltaic intelligence, providing a one-stop service of photovoltaic equipment, and we believe that the company will continue to benefit from the photovoltaic super-expected loader.
In the first half of this year, the company signed a 2 billion-dollar sales contract with national and international photovoltaic heads, such as the Central Ring, the Crystal Solar, and the cumulative disclosure of orders of over $3 billion so far at the beginning of the 17th century, guaranteeing high performance growth. Having mastered the semiconductor-class crystal growth core technology, waiting for high growth in the semiconductor crystal furnace market: the company made 2006
The company has always maintained a technological lead in semiconductor crystal furnaces, and has successfully pulled out the silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon in the first 200 mm area of the country, with 26 national patents on the equipment.
In the context of policies such as the 13th Five-Year Plan, China Manufacturing 2025, which require high purity single crystalline silicon national production rates, demand for semiconductors is expected to grow high. Sapphire crystals lead, 300 kg-grade sapphire crystallizers, with a 20% reduction in unit costs: the company’s
The use of sapphire crystal material is higher in the kg class, with fewer peripheral scraps, and the estimated unit cost of postpartum reduction is about 20%. Sapphire has physical features such as high hardness and high permeability, which are currently mainly applied in the area of led, and can also be used as a mobile screen and camera material, with a wide range of applications. The company raised 1.32 billion sapphire items at the end of 16th year.
Transistor Power: Crystal Australia 309 million single-landed, single-crystal set-up > investment proposal: we split up the company ' s operations, expect revenue from crystal furnaces and photovoltaic automation equipment
About $2 billion, with steady growth in the sapphire and led operations, the company is expected to be home to the mother net profit-- and crystal silicon-producing equipment for the period 2017-2019, and to see, through the wind and rain, more than 10 rounds of a deep-cultivated crystal furnace, with a strong leader.
It was created in December 2006 and the company was listed on the business board in May 2012. Its seven subsidiaries, three research and development centres, one of which has an overseas research and development centre, have research platforms such as the provincial priority research institute and the provincial crystal equipment institute, which are in the direction of industry 4.0. After many years of development and innovation, the company has developed a green intelligence with “new materials, new equipment” as a strategic development objective.
The company’s crystalline silicone plant, photovoltage, and led smart equipment, sapphire materials, etc. The company’s long-standing silicone equipment is at the forefront of the industry, with unique products such as fully automated monocrystal growth furnaces, regional melted silicone monocrystal furnaces, and multisilic silicon silicon casting furnaces.
In 2016, the company achieved an operating income of 1,091 million yuan, an increase of 84 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit of 204 million yuan, an increase of 94 per cent in the same year. 16 years, driven by rapid developments in the domestic photovoltaic market, the company ' s crystalline silicon growing equipment generated $675 million, an increase of 70 per cent, or 62 per cent of the total.
In the first quarter of 2017, the company achieved a revenue of $369 million, an increase of 106 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $61 million, an increase of 137 per cent. Since 2017, the company's successive winning bid has been for customers such as ring luminous, crystal-solar solar energy, with over $3 billion in hand orders, and is expected to double the net return to the mother throughout the year.
The company’s shareholders are Xiao Jingxin’s Investment Management Consulting Company Ltd., which holds 48.46% of the shares.
(a) The birth in 2007 of the first fully automated single-crystal silicon growth furnace, the type of tdr80a-zjs, which marks the company's mastery of advanced technology in the design and manufacture of semiconductor-grade, silicon monocrystal growth equipment;
(b) In July 2008, the company and the Hydraulic fluid were reorganized and the monosilicon growth furnace control system was developed and manufactured as a core component of the monosystic silicon growth furnace;
(a) The birth in October 2010 of the company's largest tdr130a-zjs fully automated monocrystal silicon growth furnace;
(b) The first multi-crystal silicon invertor grinder, silicon single-crystal cut-off, and crystal-line cut-off machine in 2015 were successfully developed;
In May 2015, the General Institute of Non-ferrous Metals in Beijing signed a strategy for the semiconductor silicon material industry.
Robo-research has been successful. 300 kg sapphire crystals have been successfully developed.
• The birth of the first fully automated single-crystal silicon growth furnace, the type of tdr80a-zjs, marks the company's hands on a semiconductor-level large-directional silicone monocrystal growth device designed, manufactured, advanced technology.
One of the core components, manufactured from the development and manufacture of the glucose fluids, was changed from the company as a whole to a stock company, Zhejiang Jing Seong Electric Co. Ltd., listed on the deep-seated business board, stock code 300316.
• The company acquired PV in Hangzhou and entered the field of smart equipment in the led industry. The company currently has seven subsidiaries. Of these, the Xerox and Crystal Translator power mainly provides soft support to the parent company's crystal growth equipment; the gyres and crystals, respectively, are manufacturing and cutting enterprises for artificial sapphire.
(ii) Core view: crystal growth equipment taps, outer-terrestrial intelligence equipment + sapphire 1. Crystal growth equipment: photovoltile monosilica and semiconductor-grade silicon silicon-scale domestic top-level suppliers; accelerated recovery in the photovoltaic industry, with a clear trend of monostal substitution, exceeding 3 billion hand orders in the first half of 2017.
As single crystal technology continues to rise, the price of single crystals is now at a historically low level of 0.3-0.5 yuan/watt, and the efficiency gap between the two will gradually widen. Crystals power is one of the leading suppliers of crystalline silicon growing equipment in the country.
The company was founded in 2006 and sold up to 32 semiconductor-grade single-crystal furnaces in 2007, and it has always maintained a technological lead in the semiconductor field, successfully pulling out the country.
The first 200-mm molten silicon monocrystal bar, with 26 national patents on equipment, was the first technology to be created internationally, such as the transcrystal cutting agency, multiccd imaging, and auxiliary heating. Semi predicted that 62 semiconductor crystallized mills would be added to the world between 2016 and 2020, of which 26 are expected to be in the country. The localization of our semiconductor equipment is expected to grow at a high rate between 18 and 20 years.
In the context of policies such as the 13th Five-Year Plan, China Manufacturing 2025, which require high purity single crystalline silicon national production rates, the demand for transistors in the semiconductor sector is expected to grow significantly.
With the rapid development of mobile Internet, changes in industrial business models will enter the industry ' s 4.0-year era, and crystals and electricity have created a system of smart products services that enables companies to successfully transform from equipment suppliers to suppliers of smart equipment and services based on industry ' s 4.0 background.
Crystal growth equipment, which produces all-automatic semiconductor single-crysilica cutters, fully automated semiconductor silicon grinders, single-crystal silicon grinding machines, etc.
300 kg-grade sapphire crystals have been successfully developed, with a 20% reduction in unit costs, and sapphire performance has been excellent and wide-ranging. Crystals have successfully grown 295.2 kg of sapphire crystals in June 2017, compared to 150 kg-grade sapphire crystals, 300 kg-class sapphire crystals due to higher use of materials, fewer peripheral waste, and the projected unit cost of post-partum delivery can be reduced.
About 20%. Sapphires have physical features such as high hardness, high permeability, mainly in the area of led, and major mobile phone manufacturers are trying to use sapphire as a screen and camera material, and companies can produce it on a large scale, reduce the cost of sapphire, or will get over-expected revenue, two, single crystal silicon accelerates to replace multi-crystal silicon, and the light-volve industry has over-expected targets.
Over the years, with the advances in single-crystal silicon technology and the rapid development of the photovoltaic industry, the price of silicon as a whole has tended to decline year by year, with the price of silicon as a whole stabilizing again falling in the second half of last year, closer to the price of multiple-crystal silicon.
Goldline technology increases speeds and cuts: traditional slurry steel cuts are only 0.4 mm/minutes. Goldline cutting can be two to three times more than by a large cut rate of 1.0 ~1.2 mm/minute or more. At the same time, with the development of diamond slicing technology, the consumption of single silicon blades has been doubled, from the original 3 m/slipped to the current 1.5 m/sleep, and in the future,
It is expected to fall below 0.8 meters per plate. The drop in cut costs has led to a rapid spread of gold-line technology. It is expected that, after 2018, gold-line cutting technology will become market-dominated, accounting for more than 70%.
Entering firms have already achieved 80-um cut volumes on the parent line, Japan has already started to use 70-sum-line on a small scale, and 60-sum-line gold-lines are also being tested. Slenderization can significantly increase the rate of single crystals per kilogram and enhance the production capacity of the slices, providing a strong boost to the reversal of the cost of single crystalline silicone.
Figure 8: Trends in the spread of diamond-line technology. When the method of cutting silicon is changed from slurry to silicon-line cutting, the cost of silicon per silicon is reduced by 0.59 per silicon. Given that the path of the silicon line is fine from year to year, the rate of cutting is increasing and the capacity is high.
The depreciation cost of the silicon is measured to decrease from 180 μm to 160 μm, and the depreciation cost of the silicon is estimated to decrease by 0.26 / piece. Billions at a cost of $3.646 billion and $3.68 per piece (16h1 at 3.3 / piece), calculated at 4.75 w, one piece.
The cost of the tiles is 0.78. Polycrystal silicon, which in the first half of 2016 earned 1,1221 million yuan, a Māori rate of 31.8 per cent, amounted to $7.65 billion, with a sales volume of $8,8880mw and a much higher annual cost of 0.80 yuan/w, which is higher than the cost of the single silicone tablets during the same period, as can be seen from the fact that they already have an advantage in cost.
Passive launch arctic (perc) technology is a new photovoltaic technology that uses sinx or al2o3 to form a passivated layer on the back of a battery that maximizes the power differential between p-n poles while increasing the absorption of long wavelights, thus increasing the conversion efficiency of a battery.
A single crystal perc solar cell conversion efficiency of 22.61%: In December 16, the cosmopolitan light broke the record of solar cells and component efficiency with its high-efficiency p perc cells. The global volume-p monocrystal conversion rate is currently around 20.7%, the n monocrystal conversion rate is over 21%, and the average common multicrystal conversion efficiency is around 17.5%.
For 14 years now, the gap between the efficiency of monocrystal silicon and multi-crystal silicon is growing, and the gap is expected to continue to grow over the next five years, with a clear trend towards the replacement of monocrystal silicon. The monocrystal is capable of adding more advanced technology to the power of the product, and perc technology is in the mainstream.
Type n perc, ibc, hit, double-faced batteries will be very competitive.
Table 7: Summary of high-efficiency multi-crystal products (ii) Distributive energy availability, with single-crystal silicon technology at its core
The distributed photovoltaic power plant is based mainly on the surface of the building, which solves the power problems of the user and also serves as a roof insulation, and also compensates for the difference in electricity supply and out-of-house delivery by means of grid access. The distribution of the solar power is much more supportive than in developed countries such as the United States (83%), Japan (90%), and so on.
The market share of 13.3 per cent of the country's distributed photovoltaic power stations is now relatively high, and according to the “13th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Electricity” issued by the National Development Commission and the National Energy Agency, the distribution of photovoltaics in 2020 was 60gw or more and, by the end of 16th year, the distribution of photovoltaics was 12.75gw, and the distribution of photovoltaics would be installed for the next four years.
In the first half of 17 years, the installed capacity of the additional photovoltaic power generation increased by 9%. The power station, 7.29gw, decreased by 16% in the same year; distributed 7.11gw, increased by 2.9 times in the same year, with policy-led growth continuing.
It is clear that the price of subsidized electricity on the Internet does not need to be reduced, recorded, or subsidized. For ground power stations, the policy provides for the repurchase of electricity according to the different regional classifications, while for distributed power stations, the power generation companies have the option of choosing their own self-service, self-service residuals on the grid, and all modes of access, and the policy subsidizes the first two distribution models by 0.42 yuan per degree.
Distributed power stations prefer more efficient single crystal silicon cells. It is expected that by 2025, single crystal efficiency averages around 2.8% of the most efficient black silicon perc multi-crystal efficiency differentials, while heterogeneous pulmonary single crystal batteries and back-contact single crystal batteries will have a 25% conversion efficiency, with a 4-5% variance from multi-crystal batteries.
For distributed photovoltaic power stations, which are relatively small in size and focus more on unit-wide power generation efficiency, single-crystal batteries will be more attractive, with a market share of distributed power stations expected to be around 45 per cent by 2020. (iii) Leaders plan to land and silicon technology to accelerate diffusion.
The Phosphorus Leaders Programme, a special photovoltaic support programme implemented annually by the National Energy Agency since 2015, aims to accelerate the implementation of the Energy Efficiency Leaders System, which was launched on 8 January 2015 by the National Energy Agency, through the construction of demonstration bases for the use of advanced technologies for photovoltaic power and demonstration projects for the application of new technologies.
The pilot project of the "Virtile Leaders Plan" calls for building standards, technological advances, and cost reduction targets, through competitive selection of technological capabilities and investment in powerful development and investment enterprises, and through market mechanisms, the selection of photovoltaic products that meet the “leader” technical specifications. The first waverunners started building in 2015 in Shanxi. In 2016, the National Energy Agency issued a decision.
The second wave of light-voltage technology base size target of 5.5gw, with a projected load size of 8-10gw in 2017, was over-expected and the industry bottom reversed: on 28 July, the Department of Energy issued guidance on the implementation of the Tenth and Thirty-Five Plan for the Development of Renewable Energy, with reference to a total of 86.5gw of the new planning targets for photovoltaic power stations from 2017 to 2020, which led the way.
The target is as high as 32gw (annual average of 8gw). Seven provinces and cities, including Beijing, Tianjin and Shanghai, manage the construction of the region on an orderly scale; and the scale of the target does not include distributed photovoltaic power projects, village-level pro-poor power stations and photovoltaic power stations built with inter-provincial and trans-district transmission channels.
Overall, the planned target for additional photovoltaics is higher than expected. The original plan was to install a cumulative aircraft no less than 105gw in 2020, with a cumulative load of 77.4gw in 2016 as per the target set in this guidance, which would reach 163.9gw in 2020, or 56% above the previous minimum target. In the first half of 17 years, the distribution 7.11gw was nearly three times higher, taking into account the fact that in the first half of the year there was a three-fold increase.
The main form of the driver’s policy role is to set the component’s efficiency at 18% and 17% for 16 years, respectively. Almost 100% of the single crystal product and only about 20% of the multi-crystal product for 16 years meet the “leading” requirement.
The plan calls for a sharp tilt by the "leader" towards single crystal silicon. It is expected that in the future, the use of single crystal silicon will continue to exceed multiple crystal silicon significantly. (iv) The continued expansion of single crystal silicon headlines and the continued over-expiring downstream demand for high loaders will continue to exceed expectations.
At the beginning of 2016, the domestic production capacity of single crystal silicon was about 10 gw, not counting export orders, the domestic demand for single crystal silicon was about 9.3 gw for the entire year 2016, the saturation of the capacity of single crystal silicon producing enterprises such as Lungi shares, Central Ring shares, etc. began in the second half of the year, and the entire market for single crystal silicon silicon pieces was in short supply.
The price difference between single-crystal silicon remains within one dollar per piece, the price of single crystal per tile is better than multiple crystals, and the demand for single-crystal silicon will continue. Lungi’s share ahead of the market is expected to double its capacity in 2017.
In the first half of this year, work began on the Leiji 5gw single crystal silicon stick, Baosan 5gw single crystal silicon stick, and Chu Yu 10gw single silicon silicon. Meanwhile, Lungi has accelerated the layout of the overseas single crystal market, which is the basis for the acquisition of the assets of the Sunedison ancient Malaysian Jin factory.
The project to expand Malaysia’s 300mw single-crystal silicon bars, 1gw single-crystal silicon tablets, 500mw single-crystal batteries, and 500mw single-crystal components has now started to grow. Over the next three years, domestic single-crystal enterprises, led by Lungi and Central Ring, have increased their production capacity, with multi-crystal-based conglomerates operating as well.
On 15th, pvnews offered $5.86 per piece. The same trend in the price of single crystal silicon silicon silicon was followed in recent years by silicon.
The shortage of materials, and the price of polycrystal silicon, shows a trend toward the price of anti-super-silicon silicon. After 16 years of the country’s largest wave of installed aircraft (the addition of 34gw), 17h1 light volts are still as high as 24.4gw, a 9% increase compared to the previous year, with a distribution of 7.11gw, a 2.9-fold increase compared to the previous year.
Based on construction costs of $6/w, power generation of 900 to 1100 hours, 30 per cent self-financing and interest rate of 6.5 per cent, the average annual electricity cost is approximately 0.55 to 0.65/kwh, which is significantly lower than the average business electricity cost of 0.7-0.8/kwh, taking into account the subsidy of 0.42 yuan/kwh (which is relatively higher).
For 1100 hours, subsidies of 0.65/kwh, sale of electricity of 0.70/kwh, calculation of fixed asset inputs at $6/w, depreciation of fixed assets for 25 years (residual value of 10%), depreciation of an average of about 200 million yuan per year, assuming other costs of about 0.57 billion yuan per year, can be calculated as the annual income of the power station at about 1,357 million yuan, profit of about 825 million yuan and return on investment of about 15%.
On July 28, our Energy Agency issued guidance on the implementation of the 13th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Renewable Energy, adding 86.5gw in size, so that the installed capacity approved by the Power Station can now be completed.
In terms of projected and actual installed capacity in the ball-voltage industry, the actual value of installed aircraft each year exceeds the forecast, and the average annual load of additional photovoltaics worldwide is expected to reach 80-100gw in 18-20.
(i) Low-lying photovoltaic high-quality clients, with 17h1 cumulatively entering into 3 billion orders. Since its establishment, high-end client groups in the solar photovoltaic and semiconductor industries in the country have established a good brand profile and a high reputation within the industry.
In the first half of 2017, the company entered into a series of major sales contracts with large enterprises in the central ring, Xi Changnambo, Jingao Solar, etc., with a cumulative order of more than $3 billion. One of the company’s core clients was the Central Ring Shareholder. The main business of the central ring was built around silicon materials, focusing on single crystalline silicon research and development and survival.
Production, based on monocrystal silicon, is moving in both a vertical and a horizontal direction. Vertical extension in the semiconductor equipment industry, with a semiconductor success rate, and horizontal expansion in the new energy light-voltage industry, creating a new energy industry for companies.
Since 2013, companies have invested in the establishment of the Inner Mongolia Ring Electronics Company Ltd. In mid-2016, a four-phase project has been launched with a total capacity of more than 15 gw after completion of the construction, with crystallization being the main equipment provider.
In 2016, two major technological breakthroughs of the Central Ring were closely linked to the equipment of the crystal-spill power plant, enabling the Dw processing system to increase growth by 25% and the single-crystal growth rate by 30%, respectively. The Central Ringing shares will benefit from the Dw process through adjustments to cut steel patterns and the systematization of circulation.
In the last two years, companies have been able to increase the growth rate of single crystals of n-, p- and more than 10% of the system’s combined efficiency through innovations that are critical to thermal systems, growth processes, and equipment. Among the customers of the Central Ring shares, overseas customers have contributed 35-45% of their income.
There are strong links with countries like South Africa, Egypt, Malaysia, etc. The conversion efficiency of single crystal silicon silicon is closely linked to the closure of single-crystal equipment, with crystals power as a supplier of single-crystal equipment in the middle ring, and the technology is evident.
The production of silicon tablets, high-efficiency solar cells and components with a capacity of 2.5 gw, battery capacity of 5.5 gw, component capacity days, and crystal solar energy is listed on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange in the United States.
Crystal Solar is dedicated to the innovation and development of photovoltaic technology, with technology leading for 6-12 months. It is the first company in the world to produce and sell PV cells with selective diffusion technology, mwt and back-stamping technology, and the first to apply the second printing technology to all battery production lines. Companies focus on optimizing the photovoltaic assembly process, with large volumes.
The production of PV components continued to have a higher fixed power rate than that of other counterparts of 5-10 watts. Over the last five years, solar crystals has seen a steady increase in operating income, reaching business income of 15.7 billion in 2016; net profits have also been positive for the last three years, with a net profit of 684 million in 2016, with a net interest rate of 4.4%, and a clear trend towards gradual warming in the photovoltaic sector.
(ii) Based on R & D innovation, crystal growth equipment is highly stellar, single-crystal competitors are few, and companies are market monopolistic: competition in the crystal growth furnace industry can now be seen in two parts, with equipment such as single-crystal furnaces, which are part of Lungi’s shares, being supplied by a large chain of companies, with the bulk of the furnaces being seven star electronics (North China)
In 2013, for the first time in the country, the company launched a diamond slicing machine to complete the kayex single-crystal industry under the banner of company spx.
With the exception of a supply system in which Lungi’s shares are closed, other crystal furnaces are largely procured through a system of open tendering. The crystals engine is basically able to monopolize publicly tendered orders, and the competitors are, inter alia, Kyototon and Tianlong Photovoltaic (the majority of the multi-crystal furnaces).
Neither of these single-crystal products is its core primary product, and neither their technological strength, customer structuring, nor market occupancy on a single-crystal power plant can constitute a significant advantage. Moreover, single-crystal producers such as Beijing Kyoto, Xian Technology Crystal, Shanghai Han Rainbow, etc., are almost out of the domestic market.
On 31st of the month, companies and holding companies were granted 40 patents for inventions, 150 new applications and 16 outward-looking patents. Research on high-efficiency n single-crystal, high-efficiency multi-crystal casts continued to yield technological breakthroughs, with successful water-cooling technologies developed successively, continuous load-up devices, two-power independent control, air-cooling devices, fully automated semi-melt-efficient castings, large drops, re-distributions, etc.
In 2015, 300 mm silicon silicone silicon silicon silicon silicon crystal growth equipment was developed in conjunction with Zhejiang University and received the 300 mm silicon silicon silicon silicon growth equipment. The device enabled 12 silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
The process is fully automated. Four major technological breakthroughs have been achieved: 1) power control diameter technology has been achieved to reduce the failure of silicon monocryp; 2) new ccd image processing system technology for detection and precision control of liquid surface positions; 3) new magnetic field systems cooled by oil and techniques for control of molten body flow; 4) water cooling set technology to increase axle temperature gradients, high pull speed, energy-efficient mode.
On May 4th, 17th, the company's network of officials revealed that the company was responsible for the development of the "national production equipment for the silicon monocrystal furnace in the 8-inch zone" and has recently successfully passed through the official acceptance team of the country's 02 Specialized Receiving and Inspection Team. The implementation of this topic has led to the successful extraction of the country's first 8-inch silicon monocrystal furnace in the area produced by the company.
The regional melting silicon monocrystal rod, which validated the technological breakthroughs in the sector silicone monocrystal furnaces developed by the company itself, obtained 26 national patents on the equipment. The technology of inter-crystal cutting agencies, multiccd imaging and auxiliary heating was the first international initiative, narrowing the gap between the technology of manufacturing silicone silicon materials in our region and the state of international sophistication, and there is a huge potential for future import substitution.
Figure 29: Sector-melted silicon single-crystal furnaces. The equipment of the company covers the full phase of the crystal system to highlight technology to provide a single-line service. The equipment of the company covers crystals, purified, growing, castling, grinding, cutting. With its powerful hardware and software development capacity, it achieves continuous additions, efficient purification and complete automatic grinding.
(iii) The demand for semiconductor equipment is expected to increase significantly, outer-train intelligence equipment is expected to increase its resilience to risk, China has a high external dependency on integrated circuits, and policies often support the development of integrated circuits.
A report on the performance of the electronic information manufacturing industry shows a significant increase of 21.2 per cent in 2016 in the production of 13.1 billion integrated circuits in the electronics industry. The global integrated circuit market is about $2.25 trillion, with a self-sufficiency rate of only 36 per cent. The dollar is the largest import of crude oil. At the same time, the integrated circuit exports amounted to $61.38 billion, with a trade deficit.
Figure 31: Statistics on imports of China ' s integrated circuits 2012-2016. Figure 32: Statistics on imports of China ' s integrated circuits 2012-2016.
In the framework of the Programme of Action, China will continue to accelerate the expansion of the production capacity of the 45-40nm chip, intensify the construction of the 32-28 chip production line, promote the development of the 22-14nm chip, achieve a replacement rate of more than 30 per cent for the national production plus circuitry equipment in the country ' s crystalline mill in late 1305, and achieve the goal of nationalization of Chinese manufacturing inches.
In order to change the state of semiconductor dependence, we are actively investing in semiconductor production lines. Semi predicts that 62 semiconductor crystal circle plants will be added to the world between 2016 and 2020, of which 26 are expected to be in the country. The localization of our semiconductor equipment is expected to grow at a high rate between 18 and 20 years.
The crystals engine is the country's rare supplier of 12 inches to 18 inches of semiconductor-class crystal growth equipment, a photovoltaic growth furnace compatible with a semiconductor-grade growth furnace. Since the first semiconductor was developed in 2007, the company has been working deep in semiconductor long-crysilium equipment for more than 10 years, and has taken up two major national scientific and technological topics (the “02 special”) in the country that the company has developed.
The new monocrystal furnace of type 130a, developed by a major technology-specific 02-300mm silicon monocrystal straight-line growth facility, not only applies to the photovoltaic field, but also provides 300-mm diameter and 90-65nm feature-wide silicon monocrysilicon backbones for a large-scale integrated circuit. As early as August 2012, the company successfully prepared the 18-inch semiconductor single silicon rods that are still the country’s largest.
In 2013, the semiconductor semiconductor under the Central Ring flag, a co-developed regional melt silicon monocrystal furnace successfully pulled out the eight-inch silicone monocrystal rods mixed with eight-inch gas, with the largest melting device in the national production area. Semiconductor equipment orders exceeded $80 million, and high industry growth was gestation: in July 17, the company disclosed, and under crystallization technology.
The contract for semiconductor silicon growth furnaces was signed by the company Zhengzhou. The contract was over $9 million, the order for semiconductor equipment has exceeded RMB 80 million since this year, and there are signs of a rapid upturn from the revenue of around $30 million in previous years. Thanks to our semiconductor industry policy, the company is expected to catch up with the development of our semiconductor equipment industry.
In order to balance the risks of a single product and industry, companies actively enter the smart product service system, seeking to transform from equipment suppliers to suppliers of intelligent equipment and services based on industry ' s 4.0 context. Companies have developed fully automated semiconductor single-crysilica cut-off machines with their crystal growth equipment.
Intelligent equipment such as fully automated semiconductor silicone grinder, single-crystal silicon grinder composite mill, etc. provides a one-stop service to clients. In the 138 million acquisitions, 51% of photovoltaics were acquired, cutting into the area of led equipment manufacturing. In addition to hiking back-end automation equipment, the company acquired PV for 15 years.
(a) The numerous areas of breakdown, such as classified instrumentation, intelligent production equipment, which fully cover the chain of industry in the led industry, the central and downstream industry, the led industrial laboratory test and analysis instrument and equipment in the middle, which is the second largest in the industry; the led full automatic spectrometer, packaging machine, the first in the domestic market; and the first in the country to have completed the led chip test machine in the country;
The lamps are fully automated and intelligent production lines, currently available in the country – home-grown firms can provide a complete automated production solution for led bulbs. The out-of-the-box industry, on the one hand, collaborates with the company’s sapphire materials, and also enriches the company’s products, increasing its resilience to risks.
IV. Mobilize 1.32 billion dollars to the Sapphire Project to create new growth points with high-quality technology (i) sapphire performance is excellent and wide-ranging in application. Sapphire is a single crystal of aluminium oxide, unique in crystal structure, resistant to grinding and wind erosion, second only to diamonds and good in hardness.
Insulation, conductivity, electrical insulation, is the ideal base material for led, sos and so on. In early years, the scarcity of production was caused by the high degree of hardness, grindability, light-sense permeability, and the high level of its processing requirements. Sapphires were first shown as jewellery and watch surfaces and were sold at high prices.
Since the 1990s, Led lighting has gradually infiltrated human life, and the sapphire has been widely applied to the led-lined material. After more than 10 years of development, Apple has used the sapphire as a protective glass for the iphone5 camera and the iphone5s ' home key to protect the glass, the sapphire is officially entering the consumer electronics market, and the consumer electronics have opened up new market space for the sapphire industry.
According to the China Industrial Information Network, sales revenue in the sapphire material industry grew by 42% annually on average between 2015 and 2019, and the global market for sapphire materials will grow from $1.6 billion in 2015 to $6.4 billion in 2019. The led line is the most important application downstream of the sapphire, with a market share of over 70%.
The Institute of Forward-looking Industrial Data reports that in 2015 led consumed 77.23% of the world ' s blue gem production, followed by cellular glass, camera cameras, watches, etc. Because of the very good momentum in the area of led, it will grow at an average rate of around 30% in the coming year with relatively high levels of penetration. Led is now applied in two inches of single capacity, at an average rate of about 100 million a year.
In the next three years, the market is expected to grow by about 60% if the sapphire screens are used in mobile phones.
By 2021, the size of the industry market is expected to be over $10 billion. (ii) The country’s leading technology + low electricity prices ensure competitiveness in the sapphire field, successfully growing 300 kg-grade sapphire crystals, with a 20% reduction in unit costs.
This 300-kilogram-grade sapphire crystals has advanced, making the company one of the few companies in the world with 300-kilogram-sized sapphire crystal growth technology. Currently, the country’s main flow of sapphire crystals weighs around 60-130 kg, compared to 150 kg-grade sapphire crystals.
Companies use improved bubble-bumping laws to prepare sapphire, with lower and more efficient defects. Bubbles use temperature to control crystals, which grow only from the crystal's head, and the crystal partly depends on the way the sapphire is prepared by temperature changes.
The process in Utilafa, heat exchange, etc. has the advantages of high quality, large size and low cost, but it also has the disadvantages of having a long preparation cycle and a more complex system structure that influences the rate of completion. Companies use their software advantages to effectively control the temperature of the hot-spot and improve the process process with better numerical simulation and detection techniques.
The company has invested 500 million acres since 2013 in the construction of 400 sapphire monocrylic furnaces with a production capacity of 25 million mm of sapphire in the post-partum year, which is expected to be achieved when completed.
To be the largest and most technologically advanced sapphire growth base in the country. Crystal growth equipment is extremely expensive, with an electricity price of 0.13-0.28 yuan/degree in Mongolia, with a greater cost advantage than the Zhejiang average of 0.65/degree.
The 10,000 Sapphire Slicing Project, which accounts for 80% of registered capital, paves the way for the cutting, processing, and marketing of the company’s sapphire crystals. The gem production, grinding equipment, and high-efficiency silicon cell project, in the context of the anticipated differences in the outlook for the Sapphire market, is crystals.
The large-scale deployment of electromechanical and electrical sapphire projects highlights the company’s confidence in its core technology and future markets. The company seeks to optimize its sapphire-material technology, waiting for the industry to move into a period of high growth and yielding excess returns.
The company usually takes two to three months from the receipt of the order until the final delivery, but the delivery of the order requires confirmation of the income until the customer has completed the matching of the plant water and electricity.
The company has disclosed more than 3 billion orders in the first half of the year, assuming that the crystal furnace and the photovoltaic automation equipment were executed this year with an estimated $2 billion in revenue recognition. Assuming that the crystal furnace was operational from 17 to 19 years, 2. Photovoltaic automation and led equipment were stable.
The sale of crystalline silicon-growing equipment is accompanied by a similar growth rate and the growth rate of crystal furnaces is assumed to grow at a steady rate of business growth with industry in 17-19. Assuming that the company sapphire business is growing at a steady rate, starting in 19 with company sapphires, the targeted increase is expected to reach production on schedule, assuming that post-partum Māori rates and net interest rates are largely in line with the feasibility study.
4. The company ' s other operations include after-sales services with revenues such as equipment hardware and software maintenance, which are expected to lag behind the growth in the sale of crystal furnaces, with a 30-40 per cent increase in revenue from 17-19.
The stove, chosen from the North, is the technology leader at the end of the industry's equipment, selected from the leading intelligence reference.
Peg: The crystal-spill power increased by 46.2% in 17-19, 34 times in 17 years, 0.7 times in Peg, and the current photovoltaic industry, with peg=1, largely supported by policy, poverty alleviation, and the pilot’s program, has contributed significantly to the photovoltaic industry. But the reduction in subsidies has always been a major trend, with potential future impacts on the industry.
Market competition has increased and alternatives have emerged in the photovoltaic sector; Companies are now in the lead in the field of crystalline silicon growing equipment and have a strong bargaining power. There may be domestic and foreign rivalries in the future.
3. The risk of excessive receivables affecting cash flow is not released as expected, and crystalline silicon growth equipment is upgraded more quickly and there is a longer stage of preparation for commissioning after delivery. This may have an impact on corporate returns and cash flow, thereby delaying the release of the company ' s capacity.
4. The sapphire industry is growing at a slower rate than expected