Ten years of industrial windfall, single crystalline silicon equipment taps, returning luminous equipment: benefiting from high industrial landscapes and increased permeability of single crystal silicon.
Nero, with a combined growth rate of 6 per cent in the number of new light volts in the ball, and an over-expected increase in the number of light volts in China, which is expected to take over the world's main production capacity of silicon, we expect to add single crystal silicon each year from 2017 to 2020.
In 2016, a single crystal silicon furnace confirmed an all-time high of revenues and a large number of revenues in 2017. We believe that the company will benefit from the high profile of the photovoltaic industry and the increased permeability of single crystal silicon, and that the sole crystal silicon plant will return.
● Semiconductor equipment: In the face of a major trend towards national production, opportunities arise. Global semiconductors enter a new round of Quiming Xin Xin Xin, while China is the largest market, but with weak manufacturing capacity.
The size of the physical equipment market will reach $11.04 billion, an increase of 61.4 per cent over the same period, and China will become the second largest semiconductor equipment market for the entire income structure (2016). China’s enterprises continue to add code crystals and are currently building 16 of them.
The factory, the largest country in the world, has been built in a crystal circle, which is now largely controlled by the five largest companies, with China lacking capacity. China is adding the code to the manufacturing plants of Beijing, Shanghai, Shanghai, and so on, and we believe that they will gradually gain the approval of the downstream crystal circle, the domestic silicon crystal circle.
It is hoped that the equipment plant will benefit from the expansion of its capacity. The crystal power plant now covers 8 inches and 12 inches of single crystal silicon-growing stoves, back-end processing equipment has layouts, and the company’s semi-conductor equipment will come up with opportunities in the face of a trend towards national production.
• Sapphire material: The market is up and running; 80% of the sapphire material is currently used at the bottom of the led, other mainly consumer electronics. The led industry is expected to maintain a steady growth of around 20% in the future, and the consumer electronics are available both before and after, and the applewatch sales continue to be good and blue.
But the concentration of downstream industries, and the continuing decline in material prices, will keep the industry clear, and it's going to be large in size and low in the future. The crystals are going to be installed to have the advantage of entering the field of sapphire materials, and the company is now able to grow 300 kg of crystals, me.
The company’s sapphire material will show great income elasticity in the future as the company’s low-cost, high-utility, large-scale sapphire crystals are rolled out.
I. Kryptonite power: a single crystal silicon growth furnace tap after a wave of sand1; crystals power: a driver of the localization of the crystal silicon growth equipment1 Zhejiang Crystal Power Company Ltd. was created in December 2006 as a "new"
Materials, New Equipment, a strategic development objective, has always been based on the “development of green, intelligent, high-tech industries” as a high-tech enterprise with a corporate mission. By studying the evolution of crystals, we can see that companies focus on crystals.
The development of silicon growth equipment is divided mainly into single-crystal silicon growth furnaces, multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces, sapphire furnaces. Through continuous technological development and investment, the company’s stoves are constantly technologically advanced and upgraded to meet downstream demand.
The sand, the company, has also become the industry’s leading equipment company.
The country's first fully automated straight-up monocrysilica growth furnace and its sale to a well-known national semiconductor material supplier, with a semiconductor material unit, was the country's first home-grown fully-made monocrysilica growth furnace equipment, breaking through the industry pattern of high-end monocrysilica growth stoves, which has long been monopolized by large foreign firms.
The development of the largest all-automatic straightline monocrysilica growth furnace of domestic specifications, sold to semiconductor materials, Inc., ended a long history of dependence on foreign imports of 12-inch large monocrysilium growth furnaces. Recombined semiconductor-level fully automatic straight-crystal silicon growth furnaces dedicated to the production of semiconductor crystal silicon materials with low resistance.
The tdr95a-zjs single crystal silicon growth furnace, which applies water cooler coating techniques, can significantly increase single crystal silicon growth speed, reduce energy, and enable the single crystal silicon growth furnaces produced by our company to produce multiple single-crystal silicon rods.
The company developed a fully automated single crystal silicon growing furnace with continuous pre-open-door content, designed to produce low-resistance semiconductor crystals, silicon material 300 mm silicon straight-line growth equipment.
The 8-inch silicon single-crystal furnace national production facility, which successfully pulled out the 8-inch silicon silicon sheet in a cooperative user unit in the first quarter of 2013, successfully developed a new special single-crystal furnace for the direct-lacing molten crystals, with an average crystallization rate of 1.8 mm/min, and successfully developed the first entirely new domestic product, the single-crystal silicon grinding composite processor.
300 mm silicon monocrystal straight-line growth devices were successfully developed through the acceptance of the 8-inch area of the silicone monocrystal unit for the national production of the semiconductor fully automated crystal grinder, which was built into three different processing devices that were originally required to complete them.
Triple processing processes such as grinding round, direction, grinding edge, etc. Table 2 multi-crystal silicon equipment and the product history of the sapphire furnaces, multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces.
For the first time on a global scale, a multi-crystal silicon casting furnace equipped with a two-power independent control system was developed, with two-power independent control technologies for top heating and around heating.The company developed a multi-crysil silicon silicon silicon casting furnace of the Jsh600 type, with a single-crystal input of 600-650 kg.
The company developed the jsh800 gas-cooled silicon casting furnace with a single-crystal input of 800 kg and successfully developed the jsh800-hf multicrylic silicon casting furnace, the most recent product developed by the company to achieve 18% conversion efficiency in multiple silicon batteries.
G7 gas-cold multi-crystal casting furnaces are pushing to the market and forming bulk sales Sapphire Crystal furnaces, which have developed 35 kgg, 65 kgg, 85kg and 90 kg Sapphire crystal furnaces and have been tested for pull-out.
A new product, the Sapphire Crystal Grower, was successfully developed with various specifications such as 35kg, 65kg, 90kg and 120 kg, with production levels available in the Sapphire Long Crystal Process technology of 35kg, 65kg and 90 kgg.
Significant progress has been made in the study of the 120 kg crystal growth process. The ky-law fully automated sapphire growth furnace has successfully developed and achieved a small batch of sapphire crystal growth furnaces with more than 120 kg in bulk.
The company started with the production of monocrystal silicon growth furnaces, which provided multi-crystal silicon as of 2010, the sale of photovolcose silicon back-end processing equipment in 2015 and the acquisition of 51% of the equity in photovoltaics in 2015 into the area of Led smart equipment.
The company’s sapphire material was sold in 2014, making it another business. Overall, the company’s crystalline silicon growing equipment was warming in 2014 after the photovoltaic industry.
This is a steady rise in photovoltaic smart equipment and sapphire materials, which, because of their new operations in 2015, have a smaller base and a greater overall volatility. In 2016, photoviral smart equipment earned $156 million, an increase of 421.90 per cent, mainly from the previous year.
The company’s photovoltaic silicon backend processing equipment cutters and processors are more competitive and obtain larger orders. The sapphire material is currently relatively small in volume, generating sales revenue of $34.3 million in 2016.
Figure 2 Increases in sub-business in which PV realized operating income of $67.44 million in 2016, net profit - $37.2 million, mainly due to lower-than-expected PV performance, which is due to a slowdown in led downstream growth and downstream customers
The tight pace of financial expansion has been affected and fixed assets, such as pre-PV land plants, have been invested more heavily, and financial costs and depreciation have had some impact on performance.
Ten years of wind and rain. Since the second half of 2009, the global economic climate has rebounded, the solar-voltaic industry has recovered rapidly, and the market demand for solar photovoltaic cells has resurfaced rapidly, thus driving the market demand for crystalline silicon growing equipment.
The global solar photovoltaic industry experienced renewed volatility in 2011 as a result of such factors as the restructuring of national photovoltaic subsidy policies and the debt crisis in European countries. By 2013, corporate sales had reached the bottom of the valley, with revenues of 175 million yuan and net profits of 43.39 million yuan.
China has begun to strengthen its support and subsidies for the photovoltaic sector and the rise of the photovoltaic industry in emerging countries. The global photovoltaic industry has begun to warm up, and, with the increase in single crystalline silicon penetration, the company has resumed its growth, reaching 1,091 million yuan in sales revenue in 2016.
Māori rates and net interest rates are declining and are expected to stabilize in the future. As a result of the decline in corporate gross equipment, the Māori rate for corporate equipment has stabilized over the last two years.
In the event that the company ' s acquisition of a medium-sized photovoltaic company failed in its performance in 2015 and 2016, the public sector accounted for the loss of goodwill, of which $6.33 million in 2015, compared to the Māori and net interest rates of Figure 5 in 2016
Figure 6 Loss of assets and financial costs of companies The rigidity of R & D costs leads to a higher rate of management costs. The rigidity of R & D costs of companies, even if they reach 34.31 per cent annually, has a greater impact on the performance of companies.
R & D costs have further increased to $77.71 million, but as a result of higher corporate sales revenues, the administrative cost rate has fallen to 14.66 per cent, and we judge that as corporate sales revenue increases further, the management cost rate is expected to continue to fall to a reasonable level.
Figure 7 Cost of sales and management costs of companies, Figure 8 Cost of R & D and ratio 3, Equity structure and organizational structure
The company actually controls Qiu Min Soo and Cao Jianwei, and the company currently controls seven sons, of which Hangzhou, Xiao Xingxinshin, Xiao Xing Jing Hong, Zhejiang is the company's crystalline silicon, long-range equipment and operational carrier of photovoltaic intelligence equipment, the company's inner Mongol crystal ring and ZZZang Jing Shwe are the company.
The company currently holds 80 per cent of the stockholdings of the sapphire material, the led smart equipment in Hangzhou, and the company currently holds 51 per cent of the stockholdings.
II. Photovoltaic equipment: benefits from high industry landscapes and monocrystal silicon permeability,1 global photovoltaics: new energy kings of the past, rise and fall, global: rise and fall in the photovoltaic industry, shifting industry to emerging countries.
As Europe’s main countries began to increase their photovoltaic subsidies, the photovoltaic industry began to grow in a state of eruption, and the annual share of the European photovoltaic industry in the world’s new ones was rising. With the outbreak of the European debt crisis in 2011, subsidies from Europe’s leading countries decreased for photovoltaics.
The U.S. and U.S. countries’ double-reflection of China’s photovoltaic manufacturing enterprises, and the photovoltaic industry has entered a downward period, marked by the collapse of the non-Sichande. Since 2013, with China’s support for photovoltaic power generation and the support of emerging countries for photovoltaics, the photovoltaic industry has begun to install new ones.
Transferred to China and emerging countries, the global build-up in 2016 was 76.6gw, a 50 per cent increase from 51.2gw in 2015. This rate of growth was the third highest in history, with China adding 34.5gw in 2016, an increase from 15.1gw in 2015.
4.5gw, despite a very rapid growth rate, India still falls short of its original ambitious plan, which had originally reached 12gw in March 2017.In the European market, the photovoltaic sector continues its trend of years of decline, with new 2016.
The decline in Europe’s market is mainly due to the weakening of UK support for its photovoltaics. Looking forward to a steady global growth in the future, the global photovoltaic build-up from 2017 to 2020 is compounded.
Growth rate of 6%. According to Epia's projections for future annual global loadings in the photovoltaic industry, they are divided into optimistic, neutral, pessimistic projections. Using these projections, we expect the most radical country in 2017, with a plan to achieve a 15gw build-up in fiscal year 2017.
By 2017, the additional load of 9.9gw is expected to double the 4.5gw in 2016. Other higher increases include Brazil, Mexico, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and domestic photovoltaics: more than expected, 1355 light volts injected into the heart.
Domestic: Distributed photovoltaics are growing rapidly, with additional installed machines exceeding expectations in the first half of 2017. 24.4gw, or 9 per cent, was added in the first half of 2017, of which 17.29gw, representing a 16 per cent decrease in the same year, and 7.11gw, or 2.9 times the same increase.
Intra-distributed photovoltaic development accelerated from about 10 per cent in the first half of 2016 to nearly 30 per cent in 2017: from the north-west to the centre-east, the rate of increase and share of the 142017h1 light-voltage area is projected to increase from the north-west to the east.
Figure 152017h1 light-voltage structure is higher than expected for the programme of additional construction of photovoltaic power plants from 2017 to 2020.
There are plans for 21 provinces, which are self-managed: Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, Fujian, Chongqing, Tibet, Hai, 7 provinces (districts, municipalities) and 3 provinces that are not scheduled: severe discharge of light-limited electricity.
On the basis of self-management of the seven provinces to meet their reported 2020 plan loading targets, the distribution light-voltage reference to reach 60 gwh ' s conservative loading target by 2020 (average annual increase of 10%), which results in the size of the additional light-voltage loading units from 2017 to 2020.
These are: 34.4gw, 35gw, 35.41gw, 36.74gw. This is a big supermarket, and our estimate of the distributional photovoltaics is conservative: by 2020, a conservative installation target of 60gwh (average annual acceleration of 10 per cent) will be achieved.
We believe that the future of the distributional photovoltaics will continue to grow rapidly. The annual actual installation rate of the photovoltaics will probably exceed 35gw.
Distributed photovoltage refers to the 60gwh conservative loader target by 2020 (average annual increase of 10 per cent)
Single crystalline silicon conversion is more efficient than polysilicon. Currently, multi-crystal black silicon industrialization efficiency is 18.6-19.2%, single crystal p-perc industrialization efficiency is 20.5-20.8%, n-pert is 20.5-21.2%, and Japan has developed 26.3% conversion efficiency monosilic assays.
Technological advances have made the price advantage of single crystal silicon evident. The main reason why single crystal silicon applications are lower globally than multisilicon is because it has not been made at high prices, and the price of single crystal silicon has been high before.
But because of the spread of monocrystal silicone cut technology, the price ratio of the monocrystal silicon is beginning to show. The difference between the dollar and the price of the battery is only $0.014, taking into account the high conversion efficiency of the monocrystal silicon and the obvious value of the monocrystal silicon.
The share of single crystal silicon is expected to increase over time in the future. The share of single crystal silicon in 2016 is the price of 16 more crystal silicon and battery chips.
With optimism, the global single crystal silicon capacity needs 74gw in 2020. We expect that, with the increasing penetration of single crystal silicon and the steady increase in the volume of additional global photovolts, the volume of additional silicone tablets is expected to rise gradually. We predict it to be full by 2020, based on neutral projections.
With a 96.6gw light voltage plus China ' s over-expected 21.7gw, a total of 118.4gw light volt will be projected for 2020, with 80% capacity utilization at 50% of single crystal silicon, and 74gw for single crystal silicon capacity by 2020 worldwide,
China accounts for the world’s main silicon production. Global photovoltaic silicon production in 2016 was 69gw, of which China produced 63gw, or 91%, and China dominated the world.
The production of silicon tablets is the largest, 20gw, followed by the Lungi shares of 7.5gw, Crystal Energy 5gw. The overall capacity utilization rate for all enterprises remains above 80% and the overall capacity utilization rate is higher.
Figure 19 Production and production of the main silicon enterprises in 2016, with single crystal silicon at its peak. Overall, the silicon production capacity as of 2016 is still not enough to meet market demand, and single silicon will continue to grow at a high level in the future.
We think that the expansion of monocrystal silicon capacity has three dimensions: first, the former monocrystal silicon dragons, in order to maintain their market leader status, will maintain huge productive expansion schemes, such as Lungi and the Central Ring; and second, the former polycrystal silicon production companies, after seeing the trend of monocrystal silicon, will also move in.
Enter the market for single crystal silicon, such as coronary energy; third, the exit of high-cost single crystal silicon capacity. 4. Crystal power: single crystal silicon equipment taps, the king returns to the single crystal silicon silicon production process. Single crystal silicon sticks, silicon are made in a light industrial chain.
The silicon bar is the basic raw material for the manufacture of solar single silicon cells.
Figure 20 Single crystal silicon processing process, large market space for equipment, and Lungi's closed supply system. According to the above-mentioned new production capacity, billions of yuan, 4,778 million yuan, 6,211 million yuan, and 7,453 million yuan.
The pattern, apart from the fact that Lungi shares are a closed supply system, which is largely supplied by Dalian companies, and other open bidding systems, is currently dominated by the Seven Stars Innovation, the Transistor Power Selecting High-end Client Strategy, and the Dragon Kings Returning.
The annual single-crystal silicon growth furnaces confirmed 286 income tables (147 multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces), when the number of firms producing single-crystal silicon growth furnaces in the country was 20-30. And the crystals are high-end strategies, mainly with downstream high-end customers.
In the winter, the single-crystal silicon grower industry shuffled and many small businesses closed down, while the single-crystal silicon grower confirmed the income of 81 stations in 2013 (13 multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces).
The growth furnaces confirmed 398 income stations in the year (108 multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces), single-crystal silicons, and the long furnaces confirmed the number of revenue stations at an all-time high in the year.
Figure 25 Transistor photovoltile smartware confirms the number of income tables and layout plus code backend equipment in the year. Backend equipment for company-coded silicon processing is now being sold, including cutters, grinding composite processors, automated production lines, etc.
Figure 26’s back-end product continues to be a large list, with high growth in performance. The company’s successive winnings since 2015 have been worth billions of dollars, and the company’s strength has continued to grow.
Summing up: As the former new energy kings, the photovoltaic industry has gone through many years of rain, and now looks forward to the future, as the new Chinese installed aircraft remain high (about 35gw per year) and the new emerging markets (India, etc.) have sprung up, and the world’s new light-voltage installed aircraft will remain high in the future.
As single crystalline silicon penetration rises, and according to our optimistic prediction of global single crystal silicon capacity demand by 2020, we expect that single crystal silicon will generate new output fractions per year from 2017 to 2020, and that one of them will remain on a robust path.
We believe that the expansion of single-crystal silicon capacity is a trend, with crystal-silicon power serving as the backbone of single-crystal silicon equipment, reaping the dividends of expansion.
III. Semiconductor equipment: In the context of the larger trend of national production, the opportunity, the global semiconductor market, the large Chinese market but the dependence on imports, the global semiconductor enter the new wave cycle.
Global semiconductor sales reached $15.140 billion in January-May 2017, an increase of 18.51 per cent over the same period, and global semiconductor sales figure figure figure 27. United States sales reached $30.4 billion in the month, an increase of 22.1 per cent over the same period; Europe recorded $14.7 billion.
China achieved $50.6 billion in sales, an increase of 25.7 per cent over the same period, showing that all the regions registered growth, with China growing the fastest, followed by the United States market. China has also become the largest semiconductor market in the world, accounting for 32.6 per cent of the global semiconductor market in January-May.
Figure 28 Global January-May semiconductor sales (Billions of United States dollars) China: semiconductor sales markets are large and manufacturing capacity weak. According to the China Association of Semiconductor Industries, the value of integrated circuit imports in 2016 was $227.07 billion, which represents the global market.
67.9%, China has become the largest semiconductor purchasing country in the world. Figure 30 China ' s semiconductor exports and imports in 2016.
The semiconductor industry is divided into design, crystal round manufacturing, encapsulation, and the equipment market continues to break, with the global semiconductor equipment market going to reach $49.42 billion in 2017, an increase of 19.86% over history.
The total sales of auto-manufacturing equipment amounted to $41.24 billion, an increase of 13 per cent over the same year. Market purchases in other parts of the world (mainly South-East Asia), mainland China, Taiwan, Europe and South Korea increased on a year-on-year basis. The global semiconductor equipment market is projected to reach 494.2 in 2017.
For the first time, the market was higher than in 2000 by $477 billion, with US$ 32 of the global semiconductor equipment sales, and Korea became the world’s largest semiconductor equipment market. In 2017, the Korean equipment market grew.
With the largest increase of 68.7 per cent in the same year, sales reached $12.97 billion, making it the largest global equipment market, which will reach $13.38 billion in 2018 and will remain the first. Its annual semiconductor equipment market of $6.46 billion, an increase of 31.8 per cent, is the fastest growing worldwide.
After Taiwan and South Korea, the market for semiconductor equipment is projected to be $6.84 billion in 2017, an increase of 5.9 per cent in the same year, after the market size of South Korea and Taiwan. In mid-2018, the market for semiconductor equipment will reach $11.04 billion, an increase of 61.4 per cent in the same year.
China’s crystal-crystal capacity is on the rise. According to our statistics, China is currently building 16 crystal-crystal plants, with major semiconductors constantly adding 12 inches of investment.
Investments in future crystal-crystal plants will remain high. Not all of the crystal-crystal plants currently under construction will be completed in 2018, when the purchase of equipment and raw materials will peak.
Silicon crystal circle is controlled mainly by the five major companies. Silicon crystal circle is used as a raw material for the upper part of the mill. For example, the former global production capacity is controlled mainly by the Great Kong, with Japan accounting for 27% of the Sichuan semiconductor, Japan accounting for 26% of the winning high-tech, Taiwan accounting for 17% of the global crystal circle, and Germany accounting for the Silitronic.
From 13% to 9% in Korea, prices have continued to rise since the beginning of the year, benefiting from the high demand downstream. The 12-inch silicon crystal circle has remained largely at a rate of 10% per quarter since the beginning of the year, with 12 inches after the July adjustment.
The average price per piece of polished silicon crystal circle would be $80, and the 12-inch-extended silicon crystal circle would rise to $100. The current global output of the 8- and 12-inch semiconductor silicon crystal circle would be between 5.2 million and 5.3 million pieces per month, but the potential demand per month could be more than 6 million.
Semi estimates that supply tensions in the silicon crystal circle will continue until 2019. The volume of silicon chip shipments continues to rise.
The crystal circle is in short supply. Taiwan's silicon-crystal-crystal enterprise plus is in China's production capacity layout. If it starts work in July of the year, it is expected to be completed in the first quarter of next year, trial production will start in the second quarter, with a monthly output of 50,000 pieces of crystallization expected from the third quarter and final monthly production in the second quarter of 2019.
The world's crystals have also launched their Quanshan plant's expansion plan, and the world's largest companies currently producing silicone crystals in China include Zhejiang, Beijing, the General Research Institute, and Shanghai Shinjing. Zhejiang, the General Research Institute in Beijing, are 8 inches of silicon crystals, and Shanghai.
Zhejiang's 8-inch silicon product has now passed the procurement certification and use of the top 10 major integrated circuit manufacturing companies in China, including Hua Yuen, Hua-Yung, China-Hing, China-Hing International, and China-China Microelectronics. Shanghai's new integrated circuit system has been developed in Shanghai.
In China, the current silicon crystal circle is basically in its initial supply state. We'll be sure to enter a new silicon crystal circle once it's approved by the downstream crystal factory.
At this stage, it is expected that the equipment manufacturers will benefit from the expansion of the production of the Silicon Crystal Circle. 5. Transistor power: opportunities for semiconductor silicon crystal circle equipment.
The company developed the first fully-autical single-crystal silicon growth furnace in the country in 2007 and sold it to a country's well-known semiconductor material supplier.
The crystal-silicon growth furnace equipment has broken through the industry pattern of high-end monosilicon growth furnace equipment that has long been monopolized by large foreign firms. In 2008, the largest all-automatic straight pull single-line silicon growth furnace with domestic specifications was developed and sold to semiconductor materials, Inc., thus ending the long term.
The 12-inch large-scale monocrysilica growth furnaces have been dependent on foreign imports. The 2013 production of the 8-inch molten silicon monocrystals has been successful in producing the 8-inch molten silicon monocrysts in the partner user units in the first quarter of 2013. The semiconductor units were successfully developed in 2016.
A fully automated crystal-crystal roller, which combines three processing processes that require the completion of three different processing devices: sharpening, targeting, grinding edges, etc. The company constantly adds code half-conductor silicon crystal round equipment, which already has the capacity to grow and process semiconductor silicon crystals.
Power. The company's single-crystal silicon growth furnace, which can pull 8 inches and 12 inches of semiconductor-grade single-crystal growth equipment, is the largest in diameter silicon monocrystal growth device in the country.
L.A. signed a contract for semiconductor silicon growth furnaces worth more than $9 million, and the company's combined order for semiconductor equipment has exceeded RMB 80 million since this year. We judge that with the continuing fermentation of the semiconductor state production wave, the company's order for semiconductor equipment is in place.
China’s semiconductor equipment market will reach $11.04 billion a year, an increase of 61.4% over the same year, becoming the world’s second-largest semiconductor. China now has 16 crystal-crystal mills, the largest in the world.
China is now adding silicon crystal circle to the Beijing industry, Shanghai, etc., and we have decided that once it is recognized as a downstream crystalworker, the domestic silicon crystal circle is expected to enter a new phase and move on to the path of expansion of capacity, and the equipment manufacturer is expected to benefit from the expansion of the silicon crystal circle.
The crystallizer power is constantly adding code to semiconductor equipment, and the company’s single crystal silicon growth furnace can pull 8 inches and 12 inches of semiconductor-grade single bar, while the company has prepared the back end of the transistor. In the larger trend towards national production of semiconductors, the company’s semiconductor equipment will come up with an opportunity.
iv. Sapphire material: The market is growing, and the future is likely to be one of the best sapphire material performances, mainly in the led and consumer electrons. Sapphire material performances are excellent.
Performance, physical performance and chemical properties are at one level, the melting and boiling points of the sapphire crystals reach more than 2,000 degrees, and the chemical properties are stable and generally insoluble in water and free from acid corrosion. Blue bobs have high hardness and are second only to diamonds, with good permeability and heat transmission.
The main applications of the sapphire include the led liner, the cell phone lens, the home key, the watch covers. According to yole, 80% of the sapphire material was used at the led liner in 2016.
The led liner, which is used mainly for the outer layer of ggan-based materials and devices, is currently used for gang-iled materials such as sapphire (al2o3), silicon (si), silicon carbide, etc., but is currently used on a large scale, mainly sapphires, which, because of their good performance and maturity, are used for this purpose.
The processing process, together with the price advantage, is the main material at the bottom of the current led, and the use of sapphire materials on consumer electronics consists mainly of cell phone lenses, cell phone home keys, which account for about 15 per cent, watch panels, 3 per cent, and high-end watches, for example.
Applewatch. The watch covers are mainly based on sapphire-hardness and miller-resistant features. The sapphire material is used primarily on smartphones, front and back of tablet computers, and on the outermost layers of the camera camera, it evaporates a layer of film through a vacuum.
The composition of the home key consists mainly of the touch switch, the touch id sensor, the stainless steel detector ring and the sapphire shield, which is used primarily to protect the module.2 The future development of the industry: led keeps growing, new demand for consumer electronics is growing, is large
Downstream: The led industry will continue to grow at a high rate. In 2016, China ' s market pattern was 52,1.6 billion yuan, a 23% increase in the same year. The industry as a whole has remained at 20-30% in the last 10 years. China ' s led chip production was 14.5 billion yuan a year, a 12% increase in the same year.
After the insane expansion in 2010 and 2011, the expansion of the whole industry became rational.
The main customers of the sapphire material are the Led chip factory, which has grown in concentration. In 2016, 77% of the top ten chip manufacturers were in the first 10, and 50% of the top three.
Large plants, small ones will be out of the game. Led chip manufacturers will expand their production, San An, Hua Chan, etc. The mocvd will grow. We'll figure out that as the demand for sapphire materials is concentrated and the price of sapphires falls, the gemworks industry will clear.
Figure 42 Led chip manufacturer ' s output for mainland China, Figure 43 China Led chip market concentration Downstream: Increased demand for consumer electronics. Sapphire should be used to display smartphone screens
There is still little hope that Apple will remove the iPhone home key from 2017, both of which will create additional obstacles to the use of sapphire materials in consumer electronic applications. But we still see an increase in the sales of iPhone double cameras and applewatch.
The latest report of market research companies strategyanalytics shows that the number of shipments made by the applewatch in the last quarter was 2.8 million, an increase of 56% over the same period last year.
Data from analytics show that the total sales of applewatch have passed 30 million. According to telecommunication reports, it is highly likely that iphone8 will use a back-to-back double-photo program, which is expected to further increase the demand for sapphire material.
Figure 44iphone8 shows a bright view of sales of 45applewatch: moving to large sizes.
With cost-saving considerations, the sapphire crystals will develop at a size of over 100 kg, and crystals will enter the field of sapphire materials with equipment advantage. The company will use its technology on single crystal silicon furnaces to enter the field of sapphire materials with equipment advantage.
In 2012, the development of 35 kgg, 65 kgg, 85kg and 90 kg of the Sapphire Crystals was introduced, and the production of 35 kgg, 65 kgg, 85kg and 90 kg of the Sapphire is tested.
In depth, in 2016, the sapphire crystals growing stoves with more than 120 kg of material were successfully developed, and a small amount of production was achieved. The sapphire material is set to be increased in size. The company is set to add nearly 2 billion yuan in aggregate.
The gemstone project, which is currently in production in phase one and is currently under construction in phase two, is currently mainly expanding the capacity of 200 kg. From 200 kg to 300 kg, costs are continuously reduced.
The stove, dedicated to the development of large-scale sapphire growth equipment and technology, has successfully developed a variety of large-scale sapphire-based sapphire growth furnaces, of which 150 kg-grade sapphire crystals have already been produced. The company is now expanding its capacity to produce 200 kg.
Bulletin June: Inner Mongolian Ring Electronics Ltd., Holding Company, Big Blue Treasure, Positive Progress in crystallized development, 300 kg-grade sapphire crystals were successfully developed in a crystallized electronic workshop using a blistering method, reaching the 4-inch working length of the crystal bar applied to Led
According to company estimates, the estimated unit cost of the 300-kg-grade sapphire crystal is 20% lower than that of the 150-kg-grade sapphire crystal.
By 2016, $34.3 million will be achieved. The company is currently working to reduce costs and raise high production rates. The total size of the country ' s sapphire crystal sticks and chips is currently small, with the largest being Ored, who achieved $114 million in sapphire material collection in 2016.
Figure 46 Sapphire material revenue, Figure 47 Sapphire material revenue, major listed companies in the country Summary: Led, the main application area downstream of Sapphire material, will remain at 20% in the future
As the price of sapphire material drops and the concentration of the downstream led chip industry increases, the field of sapphire material will gradually become clear. Crystals and power will use the power of equipment to intervene in the field of sapphire material.
After successfully growing 300 kg of sapphire crystals, we judge that the company's sapphire material also shows great income elasticity in the future, with low-cost growth, high-capacity, large-scale sapphire crystals.
V. Profit forecasting and valuation discussions Key assumptions for profit forecasting. The key assumptions for corporate profitability forecasting are as follows: 1); and the additional light-voltage loader is not as high as expected;
2. The semiconductor industry is developing slowly in the country; 3), sapphire materials are not growing as expected.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.