Electronic semiconductor cpu+dcu's two-wheel-drive performance has increased and is expected to benefit from the first wave and the company released its annual report 2022 and its quarterly report 2023 and achieved operating income in 2022.
51.25 billion yuan, an increase of 121.83 per cent in the same year; 804 million yuan in net return, an increase of 66.87 per cent in the same year; 191 million yuan in net return profit after deduction, an increase of 41.95 per cent in the same year; increased demand for domestic production servers, driving higher performance.
Nationally produced cpu and dcu chip designs, which are widely used in important areas such as telecommunications, finance, networking, education, and transport. In 2022, corporate revenue and profits increased strongly, mainly because companies are upgrading their products through technological innovation, product rotation, and functional upgrading.
The competitive advantage, the build-up of the domestic information industry and the demand for domestic production servers in a large number of industries have increased significantly in total equity/flow (million shares) and contributed to further growth in the size of corporate collections.
Building on the x86 framework of instructions, the "Cuda class computing environment" and advanced international processor design techniques, the company has developed strong capabilities to meet high-end processor products and continuously improve product performance through continuous research and development and optimization.
Sealight Information (688041). Keeping performance up, sealight cpu and dcu have excellent performances and are leading the country.
The company launched the new product Cpu Sealight III, which has already been sold in small quantities, and the next generation of cpu Sealight Information (688041), " Sealight Four, Sealight Five, National Producer " , " Dcu " , " Deep Count Two " , " Deep Count Three " , is well under way.
Leading, into a period of rapid growth, the company is expected to make profits - 2022/10/09 - as the performance of the company ' s products improves and chip sales explodes to generate income growth.
The global high-end processor market has long been monopolized by large overseas players, and the importance of high-end processor technology is rising. Companies are actively building a system based on sea light cpu and sea light.
Dcu-developed national hardware and software ecological chains, R & D, mutual certification and continuous optimization in operational systems, databases, intermediates, cloud planner software, artificial intelligence technology framework and programming environment, core industry applications, cpu series product compatibility x 86 command sets, and countries
Internationally mainstream operating systems and applications, software and hardware are rich in ecology and performance, and are widely used in telecommunications, finance, and the Internet. Companies are leaders of domestic cpu manufacturers, with significant raw and home-grown competitive advantages, and are expected to benefit fully from the continuing wave of credit creation.
The ecological abundance of dcu products, both hardware and software, is expected to benefit from an increased demand for arithmetic. In the context of aaigc’s continued rapid development, the need for ai’s arithmetic has increased dramatically, driving the rapid growth of demand for artificial intelligent processors.
The “cuda-type” environment, which is ecologically rich in software and hardware, is well suited to international mainstream computing software and artificial intelligence software. We expect that, with the development of the aigc industry, the benefits will continue to grow from the continued demand for downstream arithmetic, and the company’s dcu product is expected to develop more.
Investment advice: The company is a leading domestic high-end processor, and is continuously developing innovations to improve product performance, adding more demand for domestic servers, and driving the firm’s performance to remain high. The company is actively building the software and hardware ecological chains of sealight cpu and dcu, and the product is eco-efficient.
We have a strong competitive advantage, with good prospects for development in the context of the wave. We have a two-wheeler performance in cpu+dcu, and we are expected to benefit from the wave and the institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report