1q23 Performance Bright, cpu+dcu Synergy Development 26/04 2023 Event: 25 April, first quarter report of Sealight Information release 2023, 1q23 Realization Camp
1.16 billion yuan, an increase of 20.04 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $239 million, an increase of 66.87 per cent in the same year; net return to non-return to mothers of $191 million, an increase of 41.95 per cent in the same year. Performance is impressive, with net return to mothers increasing in the same year.
\triangleright In pursuit of growth, performance continued the 2022 high growth trend, generating 1,161 million yuan, an increase of 20.04 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity is 239 million yuan, an increase of 66.87 per cent in the same year; net profit on non-mortality is realized
One hundred and ninety-one million yuan, representing an increase of 41.95 per cent in the same year. The rapid increase in net profit returns is mainly due to corporate revenue and interest, which is 63.74 per cent less than year-on-year, 1.22 per cent less than year-on-year, 1.63 per cent less than year-on-year sales costs, 3.35 per cent less than year-on-year.
R & D accounts for more than half of the revenue received, accelerating progress on research and development projects. At the end of the year, 1 q23 R & D was invested in a total of 6.23 years, with seven projects under study, including the cpu series Sealight IV, Sea Light V and the dcu series B & D III. 1 q23 continued to increase R & D inputs to the benefit of the company.
In addition, in 2022, the company launched the Sealight 3 cpu and achieved small bulk sales, and the subsequent Sealight 3 is expected to continue its commercialization applications. Cpu+dcu’s leading manufacturer is expected to benefit from the growth in demand for the IT industry and the arithmetic chip.
On the other hand, the compatibility of the company ' s cpu series of products X86 command sets, as well as mainstream international operating systems and applications, the ecological abundance of hardware and software, their high performance, their safety and reliability, have been widely applied in important sectors or areas such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, teaching, transport, etc., and will benefit from the growth of domestic demand for servers under the development of the IT industry.
With respect to dcu, the company's dcu product is based on the gpgpu architecture, compatible with the generic “cuda” ring s010521120004, and can be used extensively in the areas of large data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, among which commercialization has been achieved
The application of Deep Count 1 dcu performance is close to the international leader, Y.V.V., and the same type of high-end gpu product. In the context of the aigc rapid development, there is a significant increase in the demand for ai arithmetic chips in large models, company dcu products, investment proposals:chatgpt leads to aigc rapid development, accelerated demand for arithmetic chips, we see.
The performance increased the same year, with Sealight III achieving bulk sales of 2023. Good company growth prospects under both high industry growth and the replacement of national production, maintaining corporate profitability forecasts. 2. Sealight information (688041.sh) covering the first report: Letter
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.