Sealight Information (688041), i and IT are two-wheel-drive, national core leads continuous succession, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
The net return to the mother is 80 million yuan, an increase of 145.7% over the same period; the net profit to the non-mother to the mother is 750 million yuan, the performance has erupted, and the single q4 has a marginal warming rate. As a company that is scarce in the country and has the capacity to develop cpu and dcu, it is designed to respond to the demand of the downstream letter-making industry, in telecommunications, finance, etc.
In terms of cost, the combined Māori rate for companies decreased by 52.4% in 2022 compared to 3.53 pp in the same year, mainly as a result of the increase in the cost of encapsulation tests and the increase in the percentage of dú income for the lower Māori rate: q4 x 47.3%. Ring increase of 0.53 pp.
In a new era driven by large models, artificial intelligence is now entering a new era that requires a huge amount of computing to support the training of a large number of parameters and data.
In the context of the increased limitations on the calculators, the company dcu uses a gpgpu-designed route with a full-precision float point, data and a variety of common integer data computing capabilities that enable large-scale parallel computing, and that accommodates the “cuda-type” environment, which is ecologically rich in hardware and software, which is currently being applied in various centres of intelligence.
During the reporting period, Sealight 3 cpu has achieved small bulk sales, one generation, one generation, one generation, one generation, one generation, one generation of research and development, and continuous absorption and technological innovation.
The current sealight 4 and sealight 5 cpu products, as well as the deep counting 2 and deep counting 3 dcu products, are well under way. With the arrival of corporate fund-raising projects, subsequent intergenerational products offer a more advanced research and development environment, competition barriers in terms of performance, ecology, autonomy, etc. are expected to be further strengthened, enabling companies.
To achieve high-quality growth in the medium to long term. $1.18. Companies are competing for "performance + ecology + safety" for the country's scarce cpu+dcu designers.
The advantage is strong, and it is expected that the current trend of autonomously controlled +ai technology breakthroughs will continue to increase market share, with high-end domestic processors flying (2022-09-07) experiencing performance surges and maintaining “buy-in” ratings.
The series of dcu is merged to the “high end processors.” Assumption 1: with the opening and deepening of the credit-making industry, the procurement of domestic servers in key areas such as finance, telecommunications, etc. is entering the penetration phase, the penetration rate is rapidly increasing, the company server cpu is well-established in the market and orders are full and it is expected to maintain high-speed release.
Assumption 2: With the rising demand for arithmetic, the superimposition of Europe and the US to ban the export of high-end gpu to the country, the company’s dcú products are expected to have an integrated lead in performance, ecology, and autonomous control, and are expected to usher in a gold development phase. Assumption 3: With the roll-out of a new generation of cpu and dccu products, the average unit price of the company’s products is expected to increase continuously.
A combination of the chip-design industry and downstream autonomously controlled track opportunities, and the selection of cores, cold martial arts, technology, and glorification as comparable companies. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.