In the first half of 2023, the company achieved a single crystal silicon output of 52.05gw, compared to 31.37 per cent, of which 22.98gw was sold abroad and used for its own use.
29.07gw; achieves 31.50gw output of battery fragments, of which 3.28gw is sold externally, self-service 0.15gw is used, and the company ' s silicon and components are growing better, with a strong two-head position. In terms of profitability, the company is profitable, thanks to the downside of the price of q2 silicon and its strong supply chain control capacity.
On the domestic front, 23h1 company, Ordos 46gw single crystal silicon.
S-10052207002 Project, Lejiang (3 issues) 10gw single crystal silicon rods per year, Eldos 30gw topcon battery per year, 29gw single crystal battery per year from the Xian Leaf and Tyzhou
4gw single crystal batteries project is in the climb phase; overseas Viet Nam produces 3.35gw single crystal batteries per year s010522120001
The project has been put into production, and projects such as the annual production of 6.6gw silicon rods in Malaysia and 2.8gw crystal components in Malaysia have progressed steadily, and we believe that the expansion of overseas integrated production capacity can effectively avoid trade risks and guarantee the stability of the company's overseas shipments.
Research assistant Lin Fukuda has a rich product matrix and heterogeneous competition to build long-term advantages. 23h1 company hpbc batteries have achieved set-up and target efficiency, are now in production and have been released with Hpdc-based technology for large scale applications.
The “hi-mo7” component product of the ground power station, with a capacity of 580w and an efficiency of 22.5 per cent, had previously been issued by the company with a focus on distributed markets, and the company's products were now fully covered and it was hoped that a long-term competitive advantage would be built through a well-developed product matrix and differentiated construction.
Year after year: Integrated production is expanding at a time, with hydrogen in the layout, looking forward to 2023/04/30 2. Lungi Green Energy (601012.sh) Tri-quarters in 2022.
Assessment: Performance is expected to be strong and strong, with two-pronged enterprises with components, which are expected to benefit from the continued high profile of the photovoltaic industry, the continued expansion of integrated production capacity, profitability or will continue to increase, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Review: Component silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon sprawl.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.