Lungi Green Energy, which keeps the components growing and continues to push the new battery technology to break through, the company published its semi-annual report in 2023, with a 42% increase in profits.
The output of components has been growing rapidly: in the first half of 2023, the company achieved a single crystal silicon output of 52.05gw, of which 22.98gw was sold externally; a single crystal battery output of 31.50gw, which was sold out of China of 3.28gw, with 28.22gw of its own; and a single crystal component of 26.64gw.
External sales of 26.49gw resulted in a 50.51% increase in external sales and 0.15gw self-utilization. hpbc technology continued to lead, and hpdc products were launched to improve the company ' s business layout: in the first half of 2023, the company ' s hbpc (efficient compound passivation back contact technology) battery was put into production, and it went through a difficult climb.
The slope debugging process has achieved design excellence and efficiency objectives. With the release of a new he-mo7 power component based on high Hpdc technology (36.4 (12.4.4 (2.8) (50.0), the company has developed into a large terrestrial power station market.
“hi-mo5+hi-mo7” and a combination of products focused on the distributed market hi-mo6 to meet global customer demand with more valuable he-mo-wide products and solutions. Continued promotion of research and development and volume of new technologies, leading the technologically powerful industry: now, many companies are high
Batteries technology and products are in the development, storage and testing stages, accelerating their promotion at a low cost, with an average daily turnover of 3 months (RMB million)
In the first half of the year, Natureenergy published the company's 26,81% conversion efficiency of the world record of silicon helium-based solar cells, published last November.
New results. In June, the company achieved 33.5% conversion efficiency on commercial-grade silicon-silica-trillium stack batteries, certified by the European Solar Tests Authority and certified by the esti.
Lungi Green Energy 2023009 S.S.I.S. International Trade Barrier Risks: Unexpected Industry Demand; Overexpected Price Competition; Photovoltaic Policy Wind
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting; risk; decline below expectations; new technology value for money below expectations.