The company published its semi-annual report in 2023, and 2023h1 achieved operating income of $64,652 million.
\triangleright silicon silicon silicon, assembly ring ratio has been raised, and production capacity has expanded steadily. 2023h1 has achieved single crystals with 52.05 gw of silicon silicon, of which 22.98gw is sold externally and self-used in 29.07gw;
31.50gw for single crystal batteries, of which 3.28gw for external sales and 28.22gw for self-service; 26.64gw for single crystal components, of which 26.49gw for external sales and 0.15gw for self-service.
The 10gw single crystal bar project and the 3.35gw single crystal battery project in Viet Nam are now in production, the 30gw single crystal battery project in Eldos is progressing as planned, and the 29gw single crystal battery project in Western Salt leaves and the 4gw single crystal battery project in Taila are accelerating the climb.
On the slopes, Malaysia produces 6.6gw single crystal silicon rods per year, Malaysia produces 2.8gw single crystal assembly \triangleright 1.21 per cent per year, and the decline in sales costs is mainly due to the adjustment of best estimates of the premium for the component,
The decrease in service costs is mainly due to the increase in exchange rate earnings. Construction components vary in competitive advantages, and hpbc products are well delivered. 2023h1 company Hbpc battery input production has now reached design and efficiency targets; and power components are released simultaneously
New item hi-mo7. The company has now developed a “hi-mo5+ hi-mo7” and a portfolio of products to be applied to distributed markets hi-mo6 to meet global customer needs with more valuable he-mo landscape products and solutions.
Sinda Securities Inc. has been active in developing and storing a number of high-efficiency battery technologies. 2023h1 has been active in 34.20 cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Millions, or 529% of the current operating income. As of 2023h1, the company had accumulated a variety of patents granted to the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, with 2,525 patents and many high-efficiency battery technologies and products in development, storage and testing.
During the reporting period, the leading international energy-type journal Natureenergy published the innovative results of the company ' s 26.81% conversion efficiency of the world record of silicon hemospheric solar cells, published in November of last year. In June 2023, certified by the European Solar Test Authority, the company was present.
The conversion efficiency of 33.5 per cent of the crystal silicon-triangleright cell cells was achieved on the commercial class silicon cz silicon tablets. \triangleright  Risk factors: less photovoltaic demand than expected, risk of continued decline in the price of photovoltaic products, competitive patterns
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the photovoltaic sector, a former assistant for research in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Science, University of Nakayama, and in 2022 for research in the electrical equipment and storage energy sector.
Chen Jie, member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research Centre in 2022, in charge of the lithium electric materials industry. Sun Sun, Assistant Researcher, New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, in charge of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, in 2022, in charge of the new energy motors, Li Woo-jin, member of the team, Master of Economics, National University of Australia, Bachelor of Finance and Economics, Shanghai University, in 2023, in charge of Photovoltaics Research and Development Centre
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.