The high growth in conventional energy equipment orders, the sustained development of renewable energy sources and the emergence of growing industries have steadily increased their performance, mainly by contributing to clean and efficient energy equipment.
With the continued growth of line orders and the significant increase in orders for clean and efficient energy equipment, it is expected that company operations will benefit from the $5.716 billion, or 11.70 per cent, in the order of $4.519 billion, or 9.25 per cent, in the modern manufacturing services sector.
According to the Chinese-Turkish Union, electricity consumption in 2023 will reach 9.15 trillion kilowatt-hours nationwide, an increase of about 6% over the same period. In its Analysis of the Supply and Demand of Electricity for the Next Three Years, the Federation has proposed that the supply of electricity should be strained and that the construction of coal power should be accelerated in a safe manner, guaranteeing that 140 million kilowatts of coal power will be produced in the next three years.
According to Greenpeace data, 90716,000 kilowatts of coal electricity were newly approved in 2022, and 50.4 million kilowatts were approved in the first half of 2023, representing 55.56 per cent of the total year 2022.
Thousands of kilowatts of supercritical fire units. One million kilowatt-class air coolers, large circulation bed boilers, etc., are in the forefront of the industry and actively engage in a flexible transformation of the coal power plant in stock, with greater competition in the field of thermal power generation equipment. Nuclear power approvals are initiated, companies are technologically advanced in nuclear equipment, and the city leads the way.
According to the National Energy Agency's 14th Five-Year Plan for a Modern Energy System, which will have a capacity of about 70 million kilowatts by 2025, as of June 2023, 55 nuclear power units with a capacity of 56,993.4mwe are in operation;
The nuclear power industry will continue to grow. In 2022, five nuclear power projects were approved, with a total of 10 nuclear power units, up from 2009. Investment in nuclear power has also increased significantly in the last three years, at an average rate of nearly 30 per cent, and nuclear power equipment is expected to go up all the way in the future. By the end of 2022, 23 nuclear power plants were under construction, with a total capacity of about 25,49 million kilowatts, the world’s largest.
Following the resumption of nuclear power, emphasis was placed on coastal and new-generation technologies, and in 2023 three nuclear power projects were approved, consisting of six units. The company took over a number of major equipment development tasks for the three nuclear power projects mentioned above, including five steam generators, Eastern Electric (600875.sh)-fired nuclear power rehabilitation.
The company’s operations cover the entire nuclear power industry chain, the continuous advancement of four generation nuclear power research and development technology, and is expected to benefit from the growing demand for nuclear power in the future.
A contract for the development of the world ' s maximum 500 megawatt single-power shock hydroelectric unit; the company ' s mastering of two wind and direct-drive wind power circuits and its continuous promotion of offshore wind and power technology, with the autonomous development of the 126-metre global maximum wind blades officially delineating, applicable to 17-50.
In the hydrogen industry, the company has made market breakthroughs in such areas as heavy cards and engineering vehicles, and successfully completed the first sea-wide test of direct electrolytic hydrogen technologies without desalination of sea water. With the rapid growth of the hydrogen energy market, the company’s technology is expected to improve, and the business structure is expected to improve continuously.
Investment proposals and profit projections: the traditional energy sector has a strong demand, companies have a lead in power generation, nuclear equipment technology has a high market share; renewable energy equipment is more competitive; the hydrogen energy sector is promising, companies are developing new industries such as hydrogen, creating new performance multipliers and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Volatility; replacement of crystalline silicon products by new technologies; under-investment of company production capacity; trade barriers in Europe and the United States of America that impede industry development.
Figure 32021-present quarterly collections (millions of yuan) Figure 6 R & D inputs and percentages (billions)
Figure 7 Sub-business receipts and Māori ratios (millions of dollars)
The industry of arms, steel, etc., has conducted in-depth research on technology and cycles, and has developed a framework for research on “China’s manufacturing investment cycle” in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation. Focusing on the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage energy, the team has devoted limited energy to serving the second- and second-tier markets where the country’s needs are met, the industry flourishes, and the people have faith, and if not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you only for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.