The demand for coal power has increased and the profitability has increased.
In recent days, China has been able to make a disclosure of orders from the Fire and Power Dragon Company, and in the first half of 2023, the traditional energy engineering business (mainly called Fire and Power) was launched.
China will be able to build up a 60% share of the pec market in fire power, with orders rising to indicate that the future fire power industry is booming, and equipment firms are expected to benefit simultaneously. The new view of the country’s telecommunications is that: 1) the heat and pepc are booming, and equipment companies are expected to benefit simultaneously; 2) in January-May 2023, the country added a new pyrotechnic suit.
Ox22gw, year-on-year +125 per cent, the fire and electricity sector is well under way; 3) Eastern electricity and coal equipment is well sold, with increased product pricing capacity and a strong pepc view, and the equipment industry is expected to benefit simultaneously, and China is a leading company in the construction of traditional energy and electricity, with a share of about 80 per cent in the design of the domestic fire and 60 per cent in the construction of the works.
The National Energy Agency (NEA) had previously predicted that the maximum power load in the summer of 2023 would increase by 92 million kW on a year-on-year basis, reaching 1.36 billion kW. Extreme weather conditions also affected new energy sources, increased the risk of power saving, insufficient peak-loading machines, and coal as a voltage block for peaks.
Eastern Electric, combined, signed a new order of $22.6 billion, or +26 per cent. As one of our major equipment manufacturers for coal-fired units, the company benefited from a good start-up in the coal-fired industry in 2023, with a high rate of growth in company performance. January-May 2023, 22gw, or +125 per cent, was added nationwide, with 15gw, or +180 per cent, in coal-fired units.
The electric power industry spent 25.8 billion yuan, or +12 per cent, on the fire. Ring ratio + 187 per cent; net profit on the non-mortality of 950 million yuan, or +44 per cent, and ring ratio + 286 per cent. 2023q1 Eastern Electricity achieved a Māori ratio of 17.8 per cent, comparison +1.2 pcts, ring + 0.6 pcts, net interest rate of 7.5 per cent, comparison + 0.4 pcts, ring ratio
+4.7 pcts. Based on our subjective assumptions about the company’s main operations and the cost of the period, the company’s net profits are projected as follows:
• Investment recommendations: maintain profit projections, maintain an “enhanced” rating The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future