In Jiangsu province, deep farming + extra-provincial focus, sub-high-end structural upgrading accelerated, strongly recommended (first rating).
Jiangsu's economy and per capita alcohol consumption (US$4677/year) are at the forefront, with consumption rising faster than in other white wine provinces in 2-3 years. In 2017, the sales of calibres in Su were 43%, 12%, and the share in the river and in the city of the present life was the second highest.
North/Central/South Main Prices with $100-150/200-300/200-400. Blue in the sea and grace in the world. Blue in the sky. Blue in the world.
In comparison with the Ocean River shares, 1) the State border has a pre-emptive advantage in recommending and grouping leaders; 2) in relation to the “New River Su” strategy of the Ocean River shares, the focus is on the present-day “districts”, with 13 local marketing centres and more than 70 municipal and district offices in the province.
• Product structure optimization + cost effective input, consumer tax adjustment ended, price increases increased in 2018: 4 pct. product structure optimization + two fees are lower + consumer tax adjustment ended, net interest rate 30.27% is sustained + 5 + n strategy + out of the province, combined with business sources from Zhejiang + the Hunan Little Fuzzy Wine Industry, accelerated out of the country:
The "2+5+n " (i.e. Beijing, Shanghai + Henan, Anhui, Shandong, Shanghai, Jiangxi + other provinces) hub market has nationalized the products of the nation and occupied a sub-high-level strategic high point. In 2017, out-of-provincial income was 160 million yuan + 4.43 per cent, while Henan, Shandong, Shanghai and Jiangxi accounted for 70 per cent of out-of-provincial income.
In 2017 there were 264 out-of-town dealers, representing an increase of 19 or 47 per cent. • The first coverage gave a “strongly recommended” rating: 1 - Company profile: shares in the province of the Xiyang River, digging deep into the “culture of the sea”.
1.1. High ditches + the kingdom of this world, where the company has been set up yesterday, today and tomorrow, to make a "happiness." The world's predecessor is a "trenches" of suquoises, a "trenches" (twigs, ditches, ditches + ocean rivers). Trenchs have a long history and can be traced back to West Han; and wines are of good quality and new.
After China was founded, it won second place in the fourth edition in 1984, and the fifth in 1989 was the title of the National High Quality Liquor. In 1996, the high-level company decided to create a brand of “the present” and made a great success, and since then the company has started a “cultural” journey; and in 2004 it created “the country.”
In 2014, the company made a successful change to the market, becoming Jiangsu’s second public liquor company after sharing the shares of the river. To meet with him, the wedding party was broken down into a market, where the world competed for a white wine party.
Figure 1: 1.2. Management shares, incentives are improving, management is tied up, and destiny is built. The world is a typical state-owned enterprise, and ultimately the controlling person is the water.
The county people's government holds 44.72% of the company's shares. In order to motivate management, the world has middle- and top-level holdings, of which eight are top-ranked, with 15.64%; the middle-level co-finances the establishment of the Quijin trade and the present-life trading, the present-day equity structure.
1.3. Focusing on sub-high-end branding, cost-accelerating structural upgrading, national branding - from “drinking at Jiangsu” to “China's high-end white wine.” The national brand is the product of the company's owner and the world's origin is the Chinese brand.
In 2016, "China's second-highest brand of white wine" and in 2017, "China's top-end middle-level brand of white wine." Jiangsu went to the country, sub-high-end, brand-up-led positioning upgrades, corporate product structure, low-end sku, and high-end image.
This is the world's world and the world's world's world's worlds, where products cover the full price. The world's world's three, five, eight, ten-year collection and high ravine series covers 100-dollar prices, mainly weddings and mass consumer markets, serving the lower middle class, while the world's worlds are dominated by prices of more than $100, business invitations and collectors, and the location of political agents.
In order to build core competitiveness, the company consolidated a small, low-profile regional product, completed the production of a sample of five business-friendly wines, such as the Golden Ribbon, and formed a national branding strategy. In 2017, it achieved sales revenue of 2,341 million dollars for the ta+ and taa categories, represented by national origin.
The product structure was further optimized by 38 per cent of sales, 80 per cent of income, and 2017 sales of various products of the present world as compared with 2017 receipts of all types of goods of the present world.
The Jiangsu economy promotes the “structural expansion” of white wine, competition is increasing, consumption is increasing, consumption is increasing, and consumption is increasing. Jiangsu’s economic indicators are among the highest in the province of white wine consumption. Jiangsu Province is a relatively developed province in China.
With the provinces of Zhejiang, Shandong, Anhui, Hebei, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, and Sichuan as targets, Jiangsu is well advanced in terms of urbanization, disposable income and gdp per capita, and the consumption of white wine by advanced economic-led politicians is rapidly expanding.
For 2-3 years in other consumer provinces, consumption patterns also spread from Jiangsu to Anhui and Shandong, which also provide valuable models for Jiangsuben ' s industry in terms of consumption cultivation, branding, product structure optimization and nationalization. Jiangsu Province has the highest rate of urbanization in the province ' s consumption of white wine (%)
In Jiangsu, the consumption of white wine is higher per capita than in other provinces. Jiangsu people drink alcohol so much and drink tons, an increase of 7.83 per cent over the same period; Anhui produces 448.9 million tons, a decrease of 3.37 per cent over the same period.
According to the average alcohol consumption ranking, Jiangsu per capita is $467.04/year (manufacturer caliber), higher than $367.72 in Anhui province.
From the south to the north, from the south to the south, from the south to the north, consumption rose like a spring wind. According to economic differences, consumption rose with a certain hierarchy, for example, in the south, central, north, south, south, south, south, south, and one to two years.
Main prices range from $200 to $400, mainstream brand dream blue m3, cross-border and cross-country borders, and so on; Su-China dollar, mainstream brand sea blue, world-favor series, etc.. From consumption upgrade, Su-China looks all the way south, North is all the way up north, North is higher in North than South Sudan, and South Sudan is higher in North-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su-Su, trend analysis of consumption in the Jiang-Su-Bhai market.
The upgrade will continue, looking at the expansion of Jiangsu's market capacity. The sub-high white market is expanding, and demand for consumption is olive. According to our calculations, the current sub-high white market has $43 billion, while the medium-high white market has $200-25 billion, or 8-10% of the annual average.
High-end white wine goes to the sub-higher end, and we expect the sub-high-end white wine market to reach hundreds of billions of water by 2020, with price escalation leading to changes in consumption structure, which is now changing from the inverted pyramid to the olive. Sub-high-end, the sub-high-end alcohol industry will continue to benefit, and Jiangsu will be the wind of rising consumption.
To the point of view, the shares of the leading company, the Ocean Rivers, and the present world have benefited significantly. Price upgrades have led to sub-higher white wine expansions (charts) 2.2, and to increased competition in the province, but the status of the Ocean Rivers, the present world, remains strong.
The market is recognized as 35-40 billion yuan in the White Liquor Market in Jiangsu province, which is 43 per cent of the economy's ranking, based on the income of the main white wine industry in Jiangsu province in 2017.
First, the world's highest-end, medium-level white wine and wine, with 12% of the market, is the second highest-end market in Jiangsuji. The world's highest-end white wine is covered by the blue and dream of the ocean's ocean.
The blue m1, m3 and m6 are overlapping prices. The two Soo Wine companies are closely controlling Jiang Su-bhai's second height. 2.2.2, the gins and wines of the Qingzhou state, and Seng Nam-chun-chun have grown, the small brands are falling, the prices are clear and the wines are sub-high.
High-end white wine market: there is still a nationalized brand of fine wine, which is still the first product of the consumer’s choice. Real-born wine river and the world’s most active layout are high-end products, developing dream blue m9 and national v6, and the secondary high-end white wine market: wine vs.
In the province, the White River and the current world are now in the process of being released. The middle-end white wine market: Soo wine vs. The highest-end white wine market in Jiangsu province is the most competitive, Soo wine
The advantages are clear: they represent the blue of the brand Sea, the elegant series of the world, and the collection of the world's secrets.
The regional competition is increasingly divided, the wine is “inflicted” and the wine is “inflamed by war.” Subregionally, the Subei region: Ocean River shares and the base of the present world, the threshold for the entry of alcohol, the use of the wine and wine in the Guai wine cellar.
The geographical advantage opens up the sales gap in North Su. In Central Su, the market is relatively open, leading to a confrontation between the insignia (happy rides, high stoves) and the succulent (sea river shares, present world), and in South Sudan, where the culture of white wine is thin, market patterns are small, consumer prices are high, and the wine of the river takes advantage of brands to occupy large areas of high-end territory.
3. The product structure has continued to improve, with the provincial “deepness” and the accelerated external layout of 3.1, tera and above rising steadily, with over-expected growth in 2017 and 40 per cent of returns in the spring season of 2018.
The net return to the mother was $509 million, an increase of 31.79 per cent over the previous year, and, in terms of the return, the return of 40 per cent of the annual plan was successful. The main reason is: 1) Intra-Provincial, Jiangsu consumption has risen significantly, companies have taken the initiative to sink through channels, deep-plough towns and villages, adding up prices to tons and rising prices. 2) In off-provincial terms, in “2+5+n”
Under strategy, income has risen steadily, income from the present world and its rate of increase, and net profit from the present world and its rate of increase since 2013
The process of optimizing product structure and raising prices began, with a substantial increase in the company ' s tonnage in 2017. After setting priorities for the development of national brands and taking over sub-higher-end strategies, the share of taa products, represented by national brands, rose significantly, from 80.19 per cent in 2017 to 22.59pt in 2013 (57.60 per cent).
After the warmth of the wine industry in 2016, the world began the process of raising prices, with one price increase each in July and November 2017, influenced by higher prices for raw materials such as packages in early 2018, and companies increased their product by 5%, making sub-high-end white wine, and waiting for higher consumption. The sub-high-end market is still the blue sea of competition, the highest market in the world.
Billion dollar monoliths and dream blues, all of which are regional white wines, have not been nationalized, and the sub-high-end windows have not been closed. As the middle class rises and consumption deepens, companies still have a chance to share. 3.2, in the inner market, core consumer breeding + sunk simultaneously.
At the provincial level, the company has strengthened the state-of-the-art conglomerates and has continued to increase its intra-provincial market coverage through the debris-stereo-distribution model and flat-level channels.
A regional distributor. In 2017, the company increased its efforts to engage in intra-provincial commerce, bringing the total number of dealers to 297, an increase from 17 in 2016, including Nanjing (60, 20.20 per cent), Huai An (23, 7.74 per cent), Salt City (20,2017), with a significant increase in the province, focusing on the development of Nanjing, Huaan and Salt City Fields.
Liquor companies, unlike the Ocean River shares, have been expanding the national market. The development strategy for this world is to develop the intra-protocol market and gradually the provincial market. In regional markets, the New River Sou market for the Ocean River shares is planned in accordance with the “districts are the focus” precision target, with 13 local marketing centres and 70 municipalities.
In 2017, 27.75 Huai An and Salt City, with income of 451 million yuan (26.09%), 640 million yuan (13.89%) and 350 million yuan (12.39%) respectively.
Shanghai has a significant radioactivity, which is affected by rising consumption, and the national series is well under way in Nanjing; the Salt City area is the province of Jiangsu, where the consumption of white wine is high, and the capacity of the consumption is expected to increase continuously.
The main distribution of income in the province of Jiangsu in this day's life, together with the Zhejiang business sources, has accelerated the construction of the core market of 2+5+n, the construction of the market outside Jiangsu province, the implementation of the 2+5+n strategy, and the creation of the market for the Jiangsu sector.
In 2017, the company accelerated the deployment of "2+5+n" (i.e. Beijing, Shanghai + Henan, Anhui, Shandong, Shanghai, Jiangxi + other provinces) as the core market for Jiangsu.
The neighbouring provinces operate as large-scale markets in order to operate national brands. In terms of product imports, the main product for nationalization is the sub-high-end strategic high point. In 2017, out-of-provincial income was $157 million, an increase of 4.43 per cent, with Henan, Shandong, Shanghai, Jiangxi accounting for 70 per cent of out-of-provincial income.
The company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Zhejiang Business Group on 5 May 2018, and the "2+5" extra-provincial expansion strategy took a firm step forward.
It's an important wine and water operator in the long triangle, a group of wholesalers, brand operators, conduits, supply chain multipliers, and the world's leading business group, which provides a platform for national brands to enter the Zhejiang and Long Triangle. On May 14, after three years of negotiations, Hunan, the country's largest operator, has a fast drinking industry and the world.
With the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement, the first amount of $5.2 million was used to officially run the world's art collection brand. Business + Quick, the company's accelerated outreach platform is well founded, and the company expects to speed up its sales abroad.
In 2016, there were 19 more, or 47.06%. In the first quarter of 2018, nine distributors were recruited in Shanghai, focusing on Euro-Shangan, the Great Rush, etc. Super-systems were reconfigured.
The number of dealers (homes) outside the province has increased the number of salesmen by nearly 100, and the company has increased its market operations.
In 2017, 713 salesmen, or 22.96% of the total, rose by 3.04pt to the medium level of all second-line white wine in 2016 (621). The significant increase in sales was due to two: 1) the downfall of the channel in the province.
4. Consumer tax adjustments have been put in place, resulting in product optimization leading to lower sales costs, with the consumption tax base adjusted in 4.1, 2017 and now in place. Consumer tax has entered a 12-per-cent era and the adjustment has been put in place. In May 2017, the National Tax Administration introduced a consumption tax.
The adjustment requires a uniform adjustment of the tax base to 60% of the consumer tax base, which is below 70% of the external sales price. The change in the consumption tax base of the former Sugu is in the range of 50-60%, the effect of which is on the current economy and the current economy, and the increase in corporate consumption tax ratio by 3-4 pct, which has now reached 12% of the industry level.
Taxes in the world and their surcharges, the white wine industry tax base and its surcharges, 4.2, price increases and product structural upgrades, keeping in mind that the company's Māori ratio continued to rise in 2018.
Structural optimization + price increases, and the company ' s Māori ratio rebounded. In 2012, the white wine industry entered a period of adjustment, with sub-higher industrial warming, high demand for commercial consumption and high-end consumers, continued use at the sub-high end of the company, and an optimal product structure; in 2017, the company started the process of raising prices. The price increase plus product structure was optimized by 71.76 per cent of the company ' s Māori ratio in 2017.
The increase was 7.3 per cent and the share of other products was decreasing. We believe that the increase in the company ' s Māori ratio in 2017 was mainly due to the continued use of sub-high-end state-owned products (the k-line, v-line, Quadland, etc.) and that the increase in the share of ta+ products was solidly based on the northward shift in rising consumption in Jiangsu Province.
Figure 31: High corporate Māori ratio 4.3, tighter marketing costs drive companies to lower costs, absorb consumer tax adjustment effects, net interest rates, lower fees, higher profitability in 2017.
The company ' s product structure optimization led to a decline in the management cost rate, which was 6.61 per cent in 2017, 0.96 per cent lower than in 2016. The two fees went down, absorbed the effects of the consumer tax adjustment, and the company ' s Māori ratio continued to move upwards, with net profits in 2017.