The logic of achieving a large long-term growth of the same size as that of car parts and components for alternative consumption is unchanged. 1 q1 profits are significantly higher on a year-on-year basis, ring operations are stable: q1 achieves a revenue of 5.5 billion.
The decline is mainly due to lower yields than in the last quarter, which is lower than in the fourth quarter, and hence lower economies of scale. Business profits are 1.03 billion.
Since the first two quarters of last year, the company has been heavily affected by the epidemic and the integration of overseas companies, the overall equity/flow (million shares) has grown faster than all. Since 2020q3, the company has been operating at a clear turning point.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars)2 and euro exchange rate impact is greater, but the company as a whole does not change upwards: q1 exchange loss of renminbi
7.032 million yuan, representing a gain of $71.68 million on exchange during the same period of the previous year, which resulted in a significant improvement in total profits during the reporting period compared with the performance of the Glossy Glass-q4 and a reduction of $142 million during the same period of the previous year. q1 exchange rate losses were mainly due to the depreciation of the euro relative to the renminbi.
Fukuyo Glass (60660), " Pacific Auto Team " , 100 million. No exchange rate implications, business profits increased significantly by 102.9 per cent.
The period is about to start - 2020/10/293, the new cycle of car glass, the logic of long-term growth is unchanged: car skyglass was recognized by the industry from 2020 and has begun to spread widely, and the company ran s01 in 2020, no
Come on, ec6, long Anunit, Gillisinary, Gillicon, geometry c. We expect 2022-2023 to be a global, high-speed, long-term, long-term change in the car glass track.
Investment proposal: the Global Lead Enterprise in Car Glass, taking into account the first and second quarters of the year, is the Institute of Trade Studies.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.