The car market recovery led to a net gain of q1 and a higher growth of q1 Quantities of glass (600660) in 2021
RMB, 36.82 per cent increase in the same year; RMB 855 million in the same year, 85.94 per cent increase in the same year.
s0340129001 Recovery and increased marketing by the company; net return profit of $855 million is higher than the growth of the same year and the profitability of the company is significantly enhanced.
High annual R&D spending is maintained, with higher value-added products rising as a percentage. R&D costs of 2021q1 companies roe (ttm) contribute to higher market shares by promoting technological upgrading and value-added by firms.
The Division continues to drive the car glass towards the lowest price in December for “safe comfort, energy-efficient environment, beauty, intelligent integration.” The skyscreen, insulation, sound insulation, upshow, light-retardable, ultraviolet, abominable water, Tai.
The share of high-value-added products such as positive energy, packaging modularization, etc., has continued to rise, and in 2020 they accounted for a comparison of 2019 and 2019 with the development of the aluminium apparel business, which is expected to further enhance the ability to integrate the company's car glass and expand the company's development space.
The car market has recovered, and the company is expected to return to growth. As a result of the epidemic, the company achieved 2020.
Glass prices have risen sharply, while the recovery in the automobile market is expected to revive the car glass market and expand the future market. As a global engine of car glass, the company is expected to return to its 300-percent rating system's “market index” reference point in 2021.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.