The effect of the size of the glass (600660.0.sh) continues to be reflected in a three-quarter increase in the Māori ring ratio, a 13 pcc increase in the 24q3 company income and a 54% increase in the mother ' s net profit in the same year.
During the first three quarters, 28,314 million yuan was collected, an increase of 18.8 per cent over the previous three quarters; net return to mothers was 5,479 million ring + 4.94 per cent, and the rate of return exceeded the industry by nearly 17 pct (24q3 domestic vehicle production in the same year).
The company’s profitability has improved or benefited from economies of scale, efficiency gains, and the cost of raw materials, with the domestic price of high-quality pure alkaline falling from $2460 per ton of 2303 to $2403 per dollar. The competitive advantage is derived from economies of scale, high automation, vertical industrial chains, human costs, etc., and is displayed backwards.
Look, seaboard and high-value-added products open up a new growth cycle for companies. At the end of the scale, in 23 years, corporate cars sold 140 million square metres of glass, at 4 square metres per vehicle, equivalent to 35.4 million vehicles, an increase of 10 per cent compared to 23 years of global vehicle sales of 87.24 million, assuming that the back-load market occupied the front-loading market.
10% to 15%, or 36% to the global city of the company's car glass. The company is active in Fuqing, Anhui, and North America, and is expected to start a new cycle of production, which will continue to boost head-to-head inhaling, with a global city share of 7.0%, and a smart skyscreen glass, a radiable glass, a glass with a glass on the head, and a glass on the head, in the first three quarters of the first quarter of the year.
Super-segregated glass, light-quantified super-featile glass, plating glass, steeled glass, etc. High-value-added product.
Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - Continuous improvement of North American operations, product and output resonance
Investment proposal: maintain profit forecasts and maintain a “better than the big market” rating. The company is the global car glass leader.
One square metre value increases (film plating, insulation, wrapping, hud, luminous, 5g communications, etc.), and one-car suites are up from $600 to about $1,000 a year to date, with a forward outlook of more than $2,000. As a result, the car glass grid opens up new horizons, and industry is expected to increase.
Billions, low-valued, high-scoring global car glass taps (60% of 21-23) and maintaining a “better than the big city” rating. 28,314 million won in the third quarter, an increase of 18.8% compared to the previous quarter; net return to the mother is $5,479 million, the same.
The same rate of increase exceeded the industry by nearly 17 pct (24q3 domestic vehicle output by 3.2% compared to the same time); the same rate of increase for company 2403 exceeded the domestic car industry by 16 pct. Since 2013, the annual rate of increase and quarterly rate of increase in the Fyo Glass camp has been similar to that of the domestic car market industry, with the rate of increase in absolute terms.
Figure 5: Comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in glass camp, Figure 6: Comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in glass camp, by quarter
We analyse the benefits of improved corporate profitability from economies of scale, efficiency gains and the cost of raw materials, which, on the one hand, continue to grow in terms of the size of the company's car glass and its capacity utilization, and, on the other hand, the domestic price of recomfort pure alkaline, which ranges from an average of $2460 per ton of 23 q3 to 24 q3, which drops by about 18 per cent, and the cost of raw materials changes.
202403 Four rates equal to -2.95 pct, centred on the financial cost implications of changes in exchange earnings. The company Fukuyo is a scarce asset that we select based on four dimensions of track, pattern, company, industry background.
Prices continue to rise, with a long life cycle characterized by three main features, in order to bring about higher and sustained market space ceilings, car glass matching high-quality track standards. 2) Patterns: in high-quality track, central attention needs to be paid to the competitive patterns of internal firms, different car parts and components
There are different product attributes, and the automotive glass industry is naturally shaped by the characteristics of industries such as heavy assets, heavy manpower, long chains of industry, moats, more than 80% of the world's cr4, with a better pattern of competition. Domestically, there is more than 70% of the glazing glass, with few autonomous brand competitors.
3) Companies: Dismantling of the competitive advantage of companies from the root of roe, centred on strong profitability (Māori rate), Māori = 1-Operative Cost = 1-Producer Cost - Manufacturing Cost - Man Cost - Energy Ratio, etc., where the cost advantage of the raw material stems from high vertical integration of the industrial chain; manufacturing cost advantage is derived from scale effects
(high capacity utilization), equipment self-manufacturing, etc.; labour cost is derived from high value-for-work workers at the demographic dividend, high-quality managed personnel efficiency, high-quality quality goods, etc.
Financial year data. The headlights industry selects data on the share of the stars, tires select the flat tires, trit tires, tire tires, seats select the share of the serial peaks, and interiors select the internals of the usual adornment, Taku Group, and Xin Spring shares) industry background: the total dividends of the domestic automobile industry have passed, and are now entering a low-growth normality phase, with the combustion phase.
There is a certain excess of fuel/new energy vehicle capacity, increased competition, and a volatile pattern of two-line cars. In the process of accelerating the liquidation of car firms, the growth logic of a single large customer whose car parts have evolved in the past faded away and turned to the search for parts and components that are globally competitive and stable in competitive patterns, with certainty of performance.
In addition, seaboarding has become the core solution in the context of the current in-country volume, where glass has been set as a global model (the U.S. factory operating profit rate has exceeded 15 per cent), and in the current industry context, with product upgrades, excellent patterns, seaboard power, high-valued glass, which has become a scarce asset for institutional funds.
Figure 17: Ranking of over 5,000 distributional financing in a stock, Figure 16: Historical dividends, four stages of success, sea and high-value-added products, opening up a new phase.
The industry has an oligopolistic pattern, with a domestic market share of more than 70% and a global market share of more than 36%, the youngest and fastest-growing member of a big car glass supplier. The core competitiveness of the glossy glass is the genetic dividend in the rapid production of productive capacity, vertical extension of the industrial chain, and asset-intensive population sectors.
The results of the competition, reflected in the company's high Māori, high market share, go back to the history of the Favour Group and its founder, Mr. Cao DeWant, and we believe that the core competitiveness of the company is formed at the following critical points.) 1987.
Extensions; 3) San Goban temporarily exited the Chinese market in 1999 and Fukuyo continued to push the domestic layout; 4) Homemade floating glass in 2004 improved the autonomous control of the industrial chain; 5) Expedited out to sea in 2015, with overseas factories equipped with global automobile companies; 6) Global car glass leader in 2020, entering a two-tier new growth cycle. Fukuyo now occupies 36% of the world.
The above share of the market for car glass, with overseas layout (Europe, North America) and continued improvement in profitability, has benefited from an upturn in the price of bicycle glass, with high performance and high values at the moment. At the end of the spectrum: a new cycle of expansion of capacity is set in motion, with a sustained increase in global market share expected.
In 2023, the company sold 140.16 million square metres of glass, converted by 4 square metres of glass per vehicle, as compared to 35.4 million vehicles equipped, cf. Marklines data, 87.24 million vehicles sold globally in 2023, measured at 10 per cent of vehicle sales based on post-sale market demand, and 36.5 per cent of the company ' s global market for car glass, corresponding to 36.5 per cent.
+0.15 pct. Automobile sales with glass are measured for reference purposes only; 3. Post-sale market demand is measured by 10% of preloading)
There are about 32.5 million units of production in the country, accompanied by the construction of floating French lines such as Fukugi, Tombaki, Fertilizer, etc. Considering the domestic burden of domestic sales and exports in Europe and the United States, the company is actively expanding the Fertilizer and Fukugi plants and is expected to invest 3250 million yuan in the construction of 20.5 million square metres of gas, given the high demand for Fukugi glass and the high capacity of the company.
The scale of vehicle safety glass production: $5.75 billion was invested in compost for the construction of 26.1 million square metres of car safety glass and two high-quality floating glass production lines. 5.5 million units of production capacity are available in North America, and new factories are expected to accelerate the completion of high-value-added products in North America.
In North America, the Department’s investment in a car glass production base in Ohio, the United States, began production in August 2015, and the company’s largest global car glass monolithic plant in Ohio, the United States, began production in October 2016.
With an existing national production capacity of 5.5 million (15% R & D), North America is expected to start production in Ohio by the end of this year and early next year to improve the high-value-added production line layout in North America. We believe that the expansion of this replenishment is expected to open a new cycle of capacity and continue to boost corporate headlines.
At the end of the price: continued research and development of inputs, higher value-added products as a percentage of the increase.
The size of the vehicle is expected to increase in synchronous fashion. In the 1990s, the size of the car's glass has reached 4 m2, and, as a result of the development of the modely demand for the skyscreen glass, open panorama windows and so on, the size of the car's glass has now reached 5 m2 or more, making it the largest spare parts for the use of the vehicle, and we're counting the first 55 models sold in the first half of this year's year.
Under the circumstances, the panorama (unopenable and larger than 0.5 m2) configuration has reached 15%, the big skylight is 47%, and the glass area of the bicycle is expected to continue to rise, while smart glass, such as smart lighting, heat insulation, is expected to speed up getting into the car, and smart car lights, smart interiors, etc., provide intelligent driving experiences, and the space for the car market is vast.
To maintain a competitive advantage, the Fukuyo Group has created a research and development team of over 4,500 people and has spent more than 4% of its annual revenues on innovative research and development, higher than overseas car glass taps. Fukuyo is now 100% autonomous, hosting or participating in core technology.
By the end of 2023, Fukuyo Group had applied for 3,377 patents worldwide, and sales of high value-added products had risen by almost 10 pct over the same period the previous year. From breaking technical barriers abroad to exploring future innovations, it has gradually developed new ones led by Fukuyo.
The sky is comfortable, privacy needs are up, and there is plenty of stock for the bright new items. Fukuyo takes the lead in the field of the skyscreen, is actively layoutd and plating the products, and has been supplied to the mainstream brand-owned electric smart car.
Glass products can be divided into pdlc light, heat-changed glass and ec light glass, of which pdlc can be tuned and the panorama glass has been set up as an optional part in a map free, with a level 10 permeable lightable and 99 per cent isolated UV; the heat-changed glass can customize multiple glass colours and the colours can vary according to temperature; ec
The radiating sky is characterized by low foginess, automatic insulation of intelligent senses, insulation of ultraviolet light, etc., using the optical game ec electro-continuing colour technology to achieve a gradientd coloring light in vehicles such as polar helium001, wide-blown aionsplus, and Biadi seals.
Figure 21: Biadi seals carrying ec light +low-e panorama glass matching hud needs, plating products starting to get in the car. The automobile industry is moving from a small 2d screen installed on the dashboard to a new generation of 3d enhancements that can integrate images with the vehicle environment.
Hud upgrades the safety of drivers are expected to continue to grow at a compound annual growth rate of over 24% (cagr) between 2021 and 2026. Glass manufacturers are concerned about front patterns, layer pressure processes, layer thickness, and angle changes, ensuring that the hud projection is still true, and there are cars like Misu7 that block the plating of silver in front.
Scheme, further upgrade to insulation and enhancement of front row comforts. Figure 23: Forward block Hud accelerates in the car. Figure 22: Mini-Misu7 front window folding and plating silver.
The value of the glass is expected to increase from $1,000 to more than $2,000. Fukuyo has now made a breakthrough in the core technical areas of the car, key glass-forming processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc.
The combined antenna's ecrfid 5g glass, intelligent panorama glass, and so on. To the end of the vehicle, it is represented by the skyward upgrade of the plating, front-curve upgrade of the Hud, side window upgrade of the soundproof glass, the increase in the vehicle value from the previous $1,000 to 2000 level, and the company's forward growth.
Investment Recommendations: Continuously recommend a global champion glass on a high-quality track, maintaining a “better than the city” rating. Maintain profit forecasts, and maintain a better rating than the big city.
In the medium term, in the context of the high market share and low customer concentration, there is strong certainty about the growth of performance. In North America, domestic enrichment, and so on, it is hoped that a new cycle of production will be opened and that the company’s steam will be expanded.
The global market share of the glass business is expected to continue to rise, with automobile glass expected to increase from 4 to 6 square metres (area) in the long term in view of the larger trend of intelligence; and 2 square metres in value (film, insulation, wrapping, hud, light conditioning, 5g communications, etc.), from $600 to over $2,000.
In view of the significant improvement in the company's overseas profitability, we maintain a profit forecast that the company is expected to achieve a net return profit for 24-26 years. The author guarantees that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and by reasoning judgment and drawing conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author