Fukuokalassindustrygroup (60660ch) 3-quarter review 2024: A single-season profit is better than expected, and it is expected that next year the beneficiary industry will improve.
(pleaseeappendix1forengleshsummary) The company published three-quarterly reports in 2024, making a better profit than expected: 24q3 achieved a negative wind-wind growth of $9,974 million in revenue from the wind, which is expected to improve in the beneficiary sector next year.
Glass yields 25,756 million yuan, compared to 20,41%, are significantly better than the growth in the global automobile industry (according to Marklines, the rate of growth in global automobile production in January-August was around -0.9%). We believe that, with the impact of this year’s low growth, the entire global car factory is expected to be on the market next year.
Further concessions to consumers in terms of policy, with demand on the demand side expected to benefit from lower interest rates and sustained consumer stimulus improvements, will further benefit from the growth in the size of corporate operations against the backdrop of intelligent industry trends and companies actively seeking a global share.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company reached a rate of Maori, absorbing price-cutting pressures on the industrial chain; 2) the fall in heavy-alkali prices and the stabilization of gas prices offset the rise in shipping costs. We believe that the trend in raw materials and shipping prices will be driven by q4.
Autoglass upgrades are clear, capital spending increases and a new round of expansion of capacity. This will be accompanied by a continued deepening of new energy car intelligence, with high-value-added glass products and aluminium accessories in new vehicles.
The penetration rate has increased, and the company has been actively expanding to further boost the city. In 2024, the company allocated $8,823 million in capital spending. According to the company announcement, Fukuyo Glass is planning a 10,000 m2 car safety glass project and a 26.1 million m2 car safety glass project over the next two years.
Looking ahead, the company’s industrial excellence is expected to strengthen head effects and lead to a sustained increase in product prices, taking into account the cost of raw materials.
We believe that the company’s profitability is expected to improve further in the second half of the year.
Wang Shenzhenoscarwang, cfa