Long power technology: the power from the ground up keeps growing fast, and Starcombing is on the 26th of August 2017.
Sales have expanded rapidly, Starfleet losses have decreased rapidly, and the Māori rate has declined slightly. The company earned $10,322 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 37.42 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly because the company’s chief powered Korea to start its business after the construction period.
The Māori rate is 10.03 per cent in the first half of the year, with good cost controls and improved operations. The cost of sales in the first half of the year was $11.1 billion, an increase of 20.12 per cent over the previous half.
In the first half of the year, the company returned to its mother's net profit of hundreds of millions and continued to suffer losses. This year's deficit was roughly the same as the $174 million deficit for the same period last year, showing that the company's real business performance was improving, given the growth in revenue by 37.42 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Specifically, the main cause of the loss was Starcomb, with a loss of $432 million in the first half of the year and an improvement in business performance compared with a deficit of $23,493,000.
In the short term, Shanghai’s relocation has reached its peak, cost increases and orders have fallen, Singapore’s and South Korea’s consumer electronics industries have been delayed by orders from major customers, and Starcomb has not yet fully released its power.
It is in the midst of difficulties that good things can be seen, firstly, through the gradual optimization of the client structure, which, in addition to having a large global client base, will provide high-quality customer resources through cross-services with the elderly, while actively introducing non-cellular customers and smoothing the industry cycle; and secondly, through the advantage of advanced containment technology, by making use of technological advantages.
One-stop service base for fc+bp is in the final stages of the month, the production line is certified by the client, and as the work is on track, high 1. Long power technology (600584) is reported on a quarterly basis.
End-wb and fc operations will greatly meet client demand.
High school is full-scale and power is growing high. In high-end areas, long-electrically advanced crystal circle-class encapsulation has increased by 58.98 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with net profits increasing by 17.31 per cent, and continues to maintain the world ' s leading productive and technological advantages on wlcsp and bumping; and in low- and medium-end.
Long-term electric technology (600584), annual reports, high demand for and supply of Luangzhou plants, swings, and improvements in the product structure of the two plants, production assessment - integration effect release, advantages
With the full power of low-end high-school products, the power of the elderly remains high, and complementarities and synergies are evident -- 3. Long-range technology (600584) bulletin point.
Assessment – Focus on the industry, sealing the lead on profit predictions and investment ratings: The process of integration and the release pace of performance of Starring Kimbon are the most critical factors affecting the performance of companies in the coming period. Through measures such as the devolution of authority to factories, cross-selling, and flat-level management, we find that the process of corporate cultural integration is clearly accelerating.
The short-term performance, influenced by moving plants and fluctuations in the consumer electronic cycle, has not yet returned to its proper level, but we look forward to the technological layout of the company ' s advanced envelopes, the rational configuration and proactive development of high-quality domestic and foreign customers, taking into account the large-scale expansion of the domestic crystal-crystal factory and the synergies created by the major shareholder background of China-Crys International, and we believe that the pressure on long power is temporary.
Production costs rise: price changes in the company’s main raw materials increase, and cost controls put some pressure on them.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board