Long-power technology (600584.sh) Medium-term performance improvement sustained and potential for future growth consolidated Sales revenue of $5.3 billion in the first quarter of the quarter, an increase of 32.3 per cent over the same period, attributable to net profits of shareholders in listed companies
There has been a significant increase in the former long-power technology, and the company's sales earnings in the first half of 2017 rose by 37.4 per cent to 10.32 billion yuan, of which the former long-power technology business earned $5.09 billion, or 24.1 per cent, with the main producing entities having advanced electricity, the Changgu region, the Yangtze capital, the Jiangyang headquarters.
This has increased to varying degrees, indicating a better overall situation in the industry. For the first half of the year, there was a 7.1 per cent increase in sales of $3.61 billion a year, and for the first half of the year, long Korea contributed $1.640 billion, the size of which is what we expect to happen in the second half of the year when the smartphone market industry has entered the boom.
With 1.4 percentage points down by 10.0%, gross interest rates are still at a lower level in the case of low capacity utilization in Singapore and Korea. In the case of net profits, the net profit from the former long power technology business is equal to that of Piti.
13.4% rises to $357 million, while Long Electric Korea and Starko Kim Peng, while still in a state of loss, the above-mentioned entities have lost $38.82 million and $23.49 million respectively, and their business performance is improving.
In terms of rates, while R & D investment continued to increase in the first half of the year, the three cost rates fell by 3.5 percentage points overall, indicating an effective improvement in the efficiency of corporate governance. Taking advantage of the second half of the boom in smartphone markets, integration progress opened up potential for the future: companies did not disclose the first three seasons.
But from its approach to the focus of its work in the second half of the year, the company wants to actively develop its intelligence by taking advantage of the build-up in advanced areas such as fc, wb, etc., of the acquisition of star money.
In the long run, after the acquisition of Starcombs, the company has more complementarity in terms of customer resources, technological capabilities, market channels, productive capacity.
Together, it is expected that synergies will be achieved in the future to maximize the advantages of both, opening up new potential opportunities for companies to grow up in the entire industry market. Long-term electrotechnology: three-quarterly integration of Starcomb, looking forward to it.
Long electricity technology: medium-term performance shows business improvement, increased investment Long electricity technology: semi-annual performance announcements for companies pre-enhance, profitability risk of cyclical downside fluctuations.
- Quarterly performance rating: the market environment boosted revenues and management increased profitability The company achieved $10.32 billion in sales revenue in the first half of 2017, an increase of 37.4 per cent in the same year, of which $5.30 billion in sales income in the second quarter, an increase of 32.3 per cent in the same year, the global semiconductor industry was in a state of high morale in the first half of 2017, and the company was part of the country.
Leading companies in the industry have been able to grow robustly in their traditional business, with the acquisition of the top three global sealers after the completion of the S.C.G.P., accompanied by increased market demand and a proactive customer satisfaction-oriented strategy at the firm level, and the technological strength that it brings to the company has won new customers and markets, thus contributing to the significant scale of sales revenues.
Quarterly net profits of the parent company ' s shareholders were $50.69 million, which was reversed in the same year. The company ' s main business in the first half of 2017 was 10.0 per cent, a decrease of 1.4 percentage points in the same year, with a gross interest rate of 10.2 per cent in the second quarter, a decrease of 1.2 percentage points in the same year.
The integration of pon is still in the process of being advanced, and there are more challenges in the process of relocation, so that the level of Māori is still relatively low in the short term, but it is of concern that there has been a recovery in the quarterly Māori round ratio, with operating costs of 1.1 per cent, management costs, financial costs of 7.9 per cent and 5.2 per cent, respectively, in the first half of the year.
In the face of rising income levels, particularly the continued growth in corporate R & D inputs, and the decline in corporate cost rates, it is evident that corporate governance is gradually increasing, resulting in a significant increase in net profits.
In the first half of 2017, the company generated $1.640 billion and $3.61 billion in sales revenue in Long Korea and Singapore, respectively, representing 15.9 per cent and 35.0 per cent of total revenue, which together exceeded 50 per cent, with an increase in the same income as in Singapore.
7.2 The trend towards a steady increase in integration has been maintained. In terms of net profits, while the net profits of the above-mentioned entities are still at a loss, it can be seen that the long-power Korea and the Starfleet have lost $38.82 million and $23.49 million, respectively, and that companies have been able to achieve a partial reduction in the relative low-season period of the industry and lower capacity utilization.
During the first half of 2017, the company maintained a robust growth in its former long-power operation, with sales revenue rising significantly by 24.1 per cent to $5.09 billion, while net profits rose by 13.4 per cent to $357 million the same year, with sales revenue rising to varying degrees, as shown by the company ' s main business owners, the state of long-power, long-power accommodation, the State of Long-electricity, and the Jiangyang headquarters.
This represents an overall improvement in the industry market, with a profit-making boom in residential bases and a continuous improvement in the company’s business performance in the context of a sustained increase in capacity utilization. (ii) Future expectations: take full advantage of the favourable opportunities of a recovery in the smartphone market
The company did not disclose its performance targets for the first three quarters, but made a vision of its operations for the second half of the year, the main measures being:1 to make full use of the valuable resources of the unserviceable fc encapsulation capacity after the acquisition, to meet the rapidly increasing demand for fc seals in the market, and to make the sck, jscc back-loading production line fully operational.
2. Ensure that the Shanghai plant is fully relocated in September, shut down the Shanghai plant and reduce operating costs. At the same time, the Jscc employee training is being pursued to improve productivity and meet the high demand for wb, fc products from clients, while ensuring quality.
4. High priority is given to the import of strategic clients to ensure their satisfaction; the integration of Starcomb is not as fast as expected; and the orders of major clients are not as large as expected;
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data