Long-power technology (600584.sh) The long-power technology reported its performance in 2017, published on 25 August 2017, achieving business income of 10.12 billion yuan, an increase of 37.42 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 89 million yuan.
In the first half of 2017, the company achieved a large increase in net profits attributable to the net profits of shareholders in listed companies, mainly due to the growth of the former long power business and the loss of long power, Korea and Singapore.
Business income of $5,094 million, a 24.1 per cent increase over the same period, a net profit of $357 million from the mother, a year-on-year increase.
Production, yielding $1.645 billion, net profit - $68 million, loss due mainly to the first half of the year's smartness, the seasonality of mobile phones, the fact that income from high-sip has not yet reached its expectations, and the fact that new product development inputs are relatively high 2.
To, but it has already lost US$ 39 million compared to the same period last year; 3) The first half of the year, the sum of US$ 36.10 billion, an increase of US$ 7.10 per cent, the net profit of US$ 432 million, a loss of US$ 23 million, the first half of which says, "The long power technology has gone through, and the company is expected to follow through."
The non-performance of the year was due mainly to the increased costs of the Shanghai plant relocation, the reduction of orders and the delay in the integration circuit containment of Singapore and Korea's smart phones, and the development of multi-product and multi-client development.
Korea's customers are mainly cell phone manufacturers, the supply chain has been postponed until 3q17 and it is expected that the number of orders will increase in the second half of the year, and the capacity utilization rate will improve well, depending on the performance of the second half of the year.
Synergy continues and equity changes improve financial constraints. After the company's acquisition of the StarChrystal Plumbing, technology and Starcomb's client structure develop good complementarities and work together to cover both domestic and international customers, allowing companies to rapidly accumulate a large amount of patents and high volumes of high-end containment technology through the multi-year accumulation of Starcombs.
New technologies, by the first half of the year, the company had received a total of 2,625 patents for effective inventions, including 1718 patents for inventions in the United States of America, covering essentially medium- and high-end containment areas, further developed for the company.
And the company’s recent equity changes have come to an end, with the China-Crystal International group becoming the first shareholder in the long line of power, the Industrial Fund becoming the third largest shareholder, the National Team and the Middle-Crystal International, and the financial situation will continue to improve, and it is expected that the company’s financing will continue to improve in the second half of 18 years.
Yong Chi-won will be completely resolved. One-stop service bases are set up, and low-cost production bases are worth a lot: 1) companies are producing in Jiangyang.
The base continues to be placed on a high-end level of layout, maintaining and expanding its advantages in the area of sip system integration and lf modules. The move to Shanghai is still proceeding in an orderly manner, the fc production line has been fully relocated in the first half of the year to date, and the wb production line has been 50% completed.
Households and clients have successfully passed their assessment of the production of the new plant, the Hsing and Ging Peng River have entered, and a one-stop service base has been built to form a chip concussion to fc-down. Long power is now being imported into the client's production, orders are being demand increased, crystal-cylinder seals continue to be installed.
Keeping up with higher growth, generating operating income of 1,436 million yuan, corresponding to an increase of 58.98 per cent, net profit of 99 million yuan, representing an increase of 17.31 per cent in the same year, maintaining a leading position in the production and technology of wlcsp and bumping globally, with significant benefits in the application of 4.0 in robotics in the production-line industry; and 2),
With the use of low-cost advantages in the traditional layout of the plants, the performance of the plants has increased significantly, with 756 million yuan in operating income for the first half of the year, an increase of 13.95 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of 119 million yuan over the same period, an increase of 50.86 per cent over the same period.
In the long run, companies are at the top of the list of “buy-in” investment proposals, regardless of their industry status and technical capabilities. The industry continues to be weak: client orders fall short of expectations: M & As do not:
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.