les.
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Yili Industrial (600887 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Promotional expense on Winter Olympics could
weigh on 4Q results
Target Price
RMB46.5
(Previous TP
RMB50.0)
Up/Downside
+18.0%
We trim our 2021E net profits by 1.5% to RMB8,902mn subsequent to our
Current Price
RMB39.4
incorporation of a 0.9pp higher opex ratio (of 28.7%) for 4Q21 due to any
China Consumer Staples
promotional expense for the Winter Olympics. In other words, we lowered our
4Q21E net profit estimate to RMB958mn which is now about 2% below
Joseph Wong
consensus. Meanwhile, we leave our 2021E top line largely unchanged, as we
expect 4Q shipment growth (+11.6% YoY) to sequentially improve from 8.6% in
3Q. We extrapolated our revised forecasts, and as such we cut ~4% of our 2022E
net profits which explained our lowered TP of RMB46.5 (from RMB50.0). We are
Stock Data
buy-rated, but we prefer CR Beer (291HK, Buy) and Mengniu (2319HK, Buy)
within our China Consumer Staples coverage universe for a potentially lower
earnings volatility into the result seasons.
■ A steady 4Q top line. Sales in liquid milk improved vs 3Q21 when IMF
continued to track strongly. Based on Nielsen data, Yili's market share in IMF
Shareholding Structure
expanded 1.6ppt YoY to 7.1% in Nov 2021, despite regional outbreaks in the
country during the quarter. Low temp milk recorded steady top line growth in
the quarter but has not yet broken even, which is a common situation faced
by the sector at the current stage, given still limited scale, high cold chain
Share Performance
logistic cost, and the need of time to grow consumer habits.
4Q21 margins still under presssure. 4Q21 margins went under relatively
high pressure compared to 3Q21, due to a still-high raw milk price and a higher
Source: Bloomberg
selling expense ratio, largely due to increased advertising campaigns
including those for Winter Olympics. It is unlikely, in our view, to see significant
12-mth Price Performance
reduction in selling expense ratio in the near term as the company plans to
keep investing in emerging categories such as IMF, low temp milk, cheese.
Management expected full-year NPM to improve by about 0.5ppt YoY.
Valuation. Our TP is based on an updated 28.5x (from 29.0x) end-22E P/E
which still represents +1sd above its 3-year average. In our view, our
methodology reflects Yili's solid growth roadmap which likely manifests into a
guided approximately 0.5ppt margins expansion per annum.
Source: Bloomberg
Earnings Summary
"Cherry-picking amid a de-risking
mentality; our top picks: CRB/
"Marketing feedback - inflation &
price hikes are key words appeared
"Structural merits look prominent
amid transitional headwind and any
stagflation expectation" - 2 Nov
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Yili Industrial (600887 CH) NDR key takeaways
Yili management joined our NDR and shared with us the company's recent business
developments. We summarized below the key updates on the company's 4Q21 and Jan
2022-to-date performance and some topics of major market interest.
A steady 4Q top line. Sales in liquid milk improved vs 3Q21. IMF continued to track
strongly. Based on Nielsen data, Yili's market share in IMF expanded 1.6pp YoY to
7.1% in Nov 2021, despite regional outbreaks in the country during the quarter. Low
temp milk recorded steady top line growth in the quarter but has not yet broken even,
which is a common situation faced by the sector at the current stage, given still limited
scale, high cold chain logistic cost, and the need of time to grow consumer habits.
4Q21 margins still under presssure. 4Q21 margins went under relatively high
pressure compared to 3Q21, due to a still-high raw milk price and a higher selling
expense ratio, largely due to increased advertising campaigns including those for Winter
Olympics. It is unlikely, in our view, to see significant reduction in selling expense ratio
in the near term as the company plans to keep investing in emerging categories such
as IMF, low temp milk, cheese. Management expected full year NPM expected to
improve by about 0.5pp YoY.
■ 2022E outlook and longer-term targets. Management guided for a healthy pace of
channel stocking in Jan 2022-to-date. The company targets to achieve double-digit
revenue growth in 2022E, and to rank among the top 3 players globally by 2025E, with
steady growth in liquid milk, a 25%+ CAGR in IMF and high growth in smaller
categories such as cheese, low temp milk. The company targets to maintain steady
margin expansion so as to achieve ~9-10% NPM by 2025E. Management also expects
the sector to see further consolidation going forward.
Cost pressure from raw milk price hike expect to ease in 2022E. Raw milk price
increase decelerated in 4Q21 QoQ, with the increase falling to LSD in Oct and Nov
2021. Management estimated raw milk price to record a HSD increase YoY for 2021,
and expect the price to relatively stabilize at high levels in 2022E, which should lead to
easing cost pressure for Yili. The company sounds reserved on further price hikes in
2022E, after it has increased the prices of some SKUs in Jan and end 2021.
Development of IMF business and the strategic investment in Ausnutria. The IMF
inventory maintained at quite healthy level in 4Q21 and Jan 2022-to-date. The company
targeted to become the second largest player in IMF in 2022E and achieve a CAGR of
25%+ by 2025E before the strategic investment in Ausnutria. According to management,
it could even beat the target with synergies from Ausnutria in terms of supply chain
integration, product extension (to other health care products) and channels expansion.
Financial impact from the merger would be reflected in 2Q22, according to management.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS does not
provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to
consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or its affiliate(s)
to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any
transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense
whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report
does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIS
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices
and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or
conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment
decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf of
its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this
report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any
responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published
in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.