Quarterly review 2023: performing better than industry, Hai, 28/04/2023 Research Assistant Weddjee
Keywords: #Export orientation Events: Corporate Disclosures First Quarterly 2023: The Company earned $10.4 billion in the first quarter of 2023, an increase of 4 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $800 million to the mother, a decrease of 11 per cent in the same year.
▪ Performance was better than industry, with exports increasing 123 per cent in the same year, and the company experienced a positive increase in revenues in the first quarter, better than the engineering and machinery industry as a whole, with sales in the q1 dredging industry falling by 26 per cent in 2023, with internal sales falling by 44 per cent in the same year and exports increasing by 13 per cent in the same year.
The reasons for this are: (i) the company's active expansion of overseas markets, with a 123 per cent increase in the year-on-year income of q1 overseas, high export growth, long-term flat-rate fluctuations; (ii) the acceleration in the funding of “survival” buildings and the steady growth of corporate fists, concrete machinery, crane panels, etc.; and (iii) the increased performance of new and emerging plates such as excavators, high machines, etc.
The recovery of profit margins is evident, and profitability is expected to pick up on a sustained basis, with declining prices for raw materials, shipping costs, and rising overseas income ratios. At the cost end, q1 continued downswings in steel prices in 2023, corporate cost-end pressures were reduced, and (2) Māori overseas rates were higher than domestic, with overseas revenues as a share.
The rise in Māori power is driving up the center, and (3) the impact of the size of the plate, such as high machines and excavators, is yet to be released. The high-speed expansion of the plate, such as high machines and excavators, is expected to bring the company back to value, and the company is actively pursuing its diversification strategy, with the most spectacular growth of the high plate: between 2020 and 2022, the U.S. and U.S. High-to-H.
At 3 per cent/8 per cent/14 per cent, there is an upward trend in the benefits-scale effect and in the efficiency of business management, but a public announcement is made on high-value domestic machines, which are to be split and re-listed, and the performance of high-performance aircraft is still reflected in the company’s consolidated statements. The high-level panels are expected to strengthen capital through an independent listed company platform, and to be further enhanced and valued.
Expected to be high before and after the engineering and machinery industry, with the prospect of a downward recovery, with the impact of a slowdown in the hour and a significant drop in sales in engineering and machinery in April. As industry sales began to move to a low base in May, the industry is expected to grow at a lower and higher rate throughout the year, with global manufacturing advantage for engineering and machinery.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company's performance was better than expected, and we went up 2023-2024 to the net profit of the company, the high machine was on the market, and the engineering industry was a pioneer.
Many times, the “buy-in” rating is maintained. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee