The bottom of industry demand is becoming apparent, with performance turning points leading to higher prices of raw materials such as steel, crude oil, etc. due to the complexity of the \triangleright; and (2) downsides of the real estate industry.
Events such as the operation of the “survival building”, a decline in the volume of construction and a decrease in domestic demand for engineering machinery; and (3) a decline in the start of capital and real estate projects in the face of a high incidence of disease and distribution shocks, a decline in the demand for domestic engineering and machinery markets, a decline in policy-based real estate, a gradual rise in the domestic bottom of the engineering and machinery industry, and a continuing rise in overseas demand in 2023.
At the beginning of \triangleright, the country moved smoothly into the phase of control of the “B2B” epidemic, and the country re-established economic development as its primary objective, with a growth target of about 5 per cent for the year 2023, with related fiscal policies and goods.
The central government has put in place a number of policies to ease corporate financial pressure by fast-tracking the “surplus”; lowering the down payment rate for the first set of housing units, interest rates on mortgages, support for improved demand for old and small-scale replacements; and lifting the purchase restrictions (010,521,10010)
In February 2023, China ' s investment in real estate development was reduced by 5.7 per cent from the previous year. Second, in 2023, the advance debt line was issued, capital investment was restored, and market demand was on the rise.
Step by step, the bottom of the domestic market for engineering machinery became apparent, with 11492 domestic excavators sold in February 2023, while the offshore market, in 2023, will scale up infrastructure construction to restore the economy, demand for Chinese engineering and the epidemic, and hope for marginal improvements under steady growth policies.
Mechanical emissions are about to accelerate, with industrial exports expected to increase steadily in 2023 and excavators exported in February 2023
Traditional lifts, concrete machinery performance is expected to rebound at the bottom, and high-altitude platforms continue to be released. \triangleright shares in the market for concrete and cranes remain industry leaders, with 200 tons and more of all-ground cranes sold
3. The Central and Central Quality Section (000157.sz) reported for the year 2021 that it ranked first in the industry and sold construction cranes on a steady global scale. As the core domestic product of the engineering and machinery industry is firmly in place, emerging and overseas operations continue.
At the bottom, it became clear that there was a continuing rise in demand from overseas, and that companies were expected to benefit fully from their performance as champions of engineering machinery, breaking through the 2022/03/31 bottom warming; at the same time, the per capita holdings and product penetration of our high-altitude platforms were far lower than in developed countries.
The development space is wide, and the company is the country's most complete high-altitude equipment manufacturer, leading the marketing industry, earning the investment proposal: the Central and Heavy Section is well placed in the market for engineering and machinery products, and we predict that the company is 2023- \triangleright.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.