Performance exceeded expectations, silicon volume increased, integrated layout accelerated, companies released the third quarter of 2022, generating business income of $102,084 million in the previous three quarters, and shares in Tonway (600,438)
In a single quarter, 2022q3 companies achieved operating income of $41,745 billion, an increase of 102.29 per cent, ring growth of 17.08 per cent, mother-to-man net profit of $9,506 million, and silicon business volume gains, and massive expansion of the position of headlines.
In terms of new capacity construction and planning, the company has set fire to the first two phases of the 50,000-ton project in June, and to Leysan three phases of the 120,000-ton project have been approved and are expected to be completed in the second half of 23 years.
The company issued an announcement to build 200,000 tons of capacity in the first three phases and in each of the three phases, with a total investment of about 28 billion yuan, which is expected to come into production in 2024, when the company ' s nominal capacity for silicon material will reach 750,000 tons, further entrenching the positioning of silicon taps.
Large-sized battery fragments are sold twice and the n-topcon is ready for release. We're expecting about 33gw in the first three quarters of 2022, q3 at around 11gw in the first three quarters, benefiting from high-sized perc supply tension, and we're expecting 2022 q3 at the left end of 4.
To the right, with the construction of the 8gw and 8.5gw projects in Golden Hill III, it is expected that by the end of 2022, the capacity of the company's battery will be more than 70gw, of which the larger size will be more than 90%.In the case of the n battery, the company planned the 8.5gwtopcompecvd technical route.
The company announced an investment in 25gw high-efficiency photovoltaic components in salt cities, with fixed assets expected to invest about 4 billion yuan. According to solar energy from the North Star, electricity has been in China since this year.
In addition, the Tang Tang Group recently published the results of the bid for the 2022 quarter p-perc component, with 4773mw bid, in which the Tungwei shares were successfully ranked.
Profit projection and investment rating: based on continued over-expected silicon prices and integrated company layout plus \triangleright Sinda Securities Inc.
I don't know, cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 1, 9 Downtown, West Side, Beijing.
Hu Ying, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People's University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, formerly a former research assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Economic Analysis at Sydney University, Bachelor of Financial Sciences at Nakayama University, 2022 Sun Sen, member of the team, Master of Finance at Shandong University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 to study the new energy vehicle industry.
Chen Jie, a team member and Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 to study the lithium electric materials industry. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or opinions in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.