Three-quarterly, vertically integrated, three-quarterly 2022. October 26th, 2022.
Events: The company issued a fast-track announcement on its performance for the third quarter of 2022. The company achieved a total operating income of $102,084 million in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 118.60 per cent over the same period; realized net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Research Assistant: Sujibing Dorysilium price continues the upward trend in prices and, with the release of the company ' s new capacity, the company benefits from the full increase in the volume of the multisilicon products and the high growth in q3 performance. 2022q3, the company achieved a gross operating income of 417.45.
The company's performance will continue to increase throughout the year, benefiting from the increase in the volume of silicon and battery. Since March of this year, the company has been issuing new silicon signatures with six companies: Lungi, Takashi, Woo-tae, Twin Liang, Mecko, Crystal, October 25, 2022.
At the same time, the quality of the company's n-silicon material is fully adapted to market demand and the volume of the output continues to rise. According to Pvinfolink, as of October 19, the amount of silicone in the last week has increased steadily.
According to the National Energy Agency (NEA), the construction of a centralized roe (ttm) photovoltaic power station in September accelerated, and data on installed machines in September significantly increased domestic demand.
At the December peak, silicon material is expected to remain in a tight equilibrium with the growth of the production ring in the industry during the four-quarter period.
The price of batteries has been rising since September, and the price of silicons and batteries has risen so much that it will lead to a firm-wide sale of multi-crystal silicon, with the topcon battery output released immediately, vertically. The company’s large-scale solar cells now account for more than 75% of the output, and the company’s 8.5gwtopcon.
The battery production line is expected to be completed by the end of 2022, and the company ' s battery production capacity is expected to exceed that of Huo Yu and Tang ' s photovoltaic component project by the end of 2022, and the proposed investment in the 25gw component project at $4 billion was announced in September, which is expected to open up a new business for the rapid development of the company ' s components in the future.
Technology research and development has progressed less than expected. This rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.