Strong performance growth, strong leadership in integration, $9,507 million net profit, +21.9%. Even in the third quarter, faced with external disadvantages such as heat shortages, recurrent epidemics, and earthquake disasters, companies have been able to achieve strong growth with the advantage of advanced productive capacity.
Battery prices are strong, the reduction process is more predictable, and cost controls are ahead. On October 25, the company \triangleright issued the latest offer for single crystal perc battery, which is flat compared to the previous period (28 September), 210/182/166 feet.
The price of cell block w was 1.33/1.33/1.31 yuan, while in thickness, 210/182-sized batteries were thinned from 155 to 150 μm and 166-sized batteries were maintained at 160 μm. The application of thinner silicon was instrumental in reducing the silicon cost of the battery, while the company ' s large-sized battery share continued to increase and was expected to cover the nonsilicon cost.
In terms of silicon, in July, Mongolia will be able to move forward.
The 50,000-ton project came into production in September; the 120,000-ton project started in Leysan, which is expected to start in 2023; the first 200,000-year-old project in August, which is expected to come into production in 2024; and the 200,000-ton project in Yunnan, which was signed in September. The company ' s silicon quality continues to be raised.
In the case of battery chips, the construction of the topcon cell block output of the three-phased project of the elms base is on schedule and is expected to start production by the end of the year. Technological innovation is the key to the ability of the photovoltaic industry to remain competitive.
Research assistant Lin Moo-ho, we believe that the company has the ability to innovate at the forefront of the industry, the capacity structure continues to be optimized, and the combined competitiveness is in the forefront.
In addition, the company has been awarded China Rough Power, Guangdong Power Development Co. Ltd., the National Power Investment Group Ltd., and the Grand Tang Group component acquisition project, which demonstrates that the market for the company ' s components has been very successful and that the quality of the products has been recognized.
The trend is to accelerate the extension of the industrial chain downstream, based on the existing advantages of silicon and battery taps. We believe that future company-owned component production is expected to further exploit the advantages of silicon and large-sized batteries, creating a virtuous cycle of validation up and down, accelerating the process of improving corporate processes and reducing efficiency gains.
Quarterly review: Industry leaders are strong, looking at year-round profits Investment proposal: companies are leading the silicon silicon industry, due to the current high profile of the industry and high supply of silicon - 2022/04/26
In addition, it is expected that the entry of components will inject new methodological and analytical logic into the research findings, produce the report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.