The price of silicon material has risen and industrial integration has moved well - the Tungwei shares (600438) were evaluated in three quarters of 2022.
Contact: Suncan@cczq.com shares issued a three-quarter report for 2022, with companies achieving business income of $102,084 million in January-September 2022, an increase of 118.60 per cent over the same period; net profit of parent companies of $21,730 million, an increase of 265,54 per cent over the same period; non-recurrent deductions were realized
In the first three quarters, there was a high rate of growth in the production of silicon, and the volume of the product rose.
To compare silicon production enterprises, the company’s silicon production is smoother, enjoying a high-value dividend this year, leading up to the cost recovery rate of heavy asset production facilities, and creating a subsequent competitive advantage. At the same time, the company currently competes with Lungi, Lungi, and Lungi.
The downstream enterprises of Takatsing, Yusawa, Yutaka, Mecko, and Crystal have signed silicon long-term contracts that guarantee the company’s follow-up silicon product distribution channels, which have a positive effect on dry resistance to silicon price down-cycles.
On the other hand, on 23 September, the company issued an announcement announcing the production of 23gw light-voltage components in the salt city layout of Jiangsu province, officially moving into the field of photovoltaic components. The company is currently producing silicon, battery chips, and components.
The Bureau, industrial chain integration, will help companies maintain considerable profitability in the cycle of profit in subsequent industries. Considering that the photovoltaic industry is still developing, looking at the company’s subsequent performance growth.
The military photovoltaic component area and a new generation of technology for battery fragments look forward to the company’s long-term ability to operate and develop.
The government-funded securities firm, the country’s first professional securities firm to be made by a financial intermediary, has grown from more than 30 years of change to China’s China Electric Group Capital Holdings Ltd.