The profit of the cell block continues to expand, watching the component's business performance.
On 25 October, the company published a tri-quarter report in 2022, with a net profit of $21.73 billion to the mother in the first three quarters, an increase of 26.5 per cent over the previous three quarters. Of that amount, q3 was net profit to the mother of $9.507 billion, an increase of 219 per cent over the same period.
Gas, silicon prices continue to rise, the company’s first two-phase production capacity rapidly climbs up, silicon production volumes rises, the company’s q3 output is about 70,000 tons, equity is 56-58,000 tons, and profitability continues to rise. On October 24, the latest offer for silicon is stable, and the Energy Agency announced a new domestic loading machine in September.
In the context of increasing silicon output, downstream production continues to be mentioned 2022a22.
(a) Irrigation, internal demand triggering pulls at high component prices, reflecting price tolerance or over-expected q4 increment demand, and clear trends in industry q4 in high-value Q4 and promising drivers: 1) q4 in excess of expectations;
q2 performance exceeded expectations, the supply and demand of large-size perc improved in the second half of the year, and battery chips continued to expand in profitability. q3 companies priced batteries several times, with price increases and price increases in the price of silicon, given that the price of silicon was stable/silicon had been covered by the previous round of battery increases.
4. “Leader of executive excellence, steady expansion and consolidation of competition is more than anticipated, with company q3 large-sized battery fragments expanding to about 6%/w for 10-11gw. On October 25th, the company announced the latest bid for battery plates, reducing the thickness of the models by 5 m later and above.
5. Launching of the Staff Holding Scheme, binding the core staff with a steady and balanced offer, measuring the cost decrease/profit expansion of about 1.5 points/w, and continuing to validate what we have previously proposed: the continuous improvement of the supply and demand relationship of the battery fragments (especially large-sized perc) relative to the downstream
In 2023, the demand is expected to improve, and the battery is still relatively stagnant, maintaining a high-profit cycle or longer than in previous years. The 25gw component has been expanded to take into account the rapid expansion and realization of the profits of the company’s components.
The company announced its intention to invest $4 billion in a 25gw high-efficiency photovoltaic component project in Salt City, along with the successful bid project for a Chinese company component, the certification of qualifications from the tüv North German Laboratory overseas, and the organization of the company's portfolio, which is now being clearly structured and well-developed, with fast-tracking orders from domestic companies, while accelerating the identification process.
We believe that the company, with silicon and battery, the industry position, and high-quality product reliability and brand power, is expected to make the component business work.
The epidemic is more than expected, the expansion of the industry is larger than expected, and changes in technology routes are more than anticipated.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment