The silicon cell landscape continues, strong layout integration and new technology companies publish three-quarterly reports in 2022, with an increase of 266% over the same year. The silicon cell landscape continues.
The first three quarters saw a 266 per cent increase in profitability: the company issued a three-quarter report in 2022, and the first three quarters became operational with an increase of $21,730 million, or 265,54 per cent, in comparison with the previous three quarters; the net profit was $21,981 million, or a significant increase in profitability, and the operating cash flow increased significantly: the impact of imbalances in supply and demand in the industrial chain
The price of polycrystal silicon has been rising steadily during the year. With the silicon industry booming, the gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross domestic product (GDP) for the first three quarters of the year rose by 13.02 percentage points over the previous three quarters, of which the gross gross gross domestic product (GDP) rose by 43.68 per cent and the ring by 7.96 percentage points. The company achieved net operating cash flow of $28,883 million in the previous three quarters of the year.
The new technology for the topcon battery landed and the hjt battery technology continued to break: the company planned to build an additional 8.5 gwtopcon battery production line for the third phase of the Mountain, which is expected to be operational by the end of 2022.
Topcon has an average conversion efficiency of over 24.7% and has effectively addressed many of the technical difficulties under topcon production conditions. In addition, the company ' s Hjt battery has achieved a maximum R & D efficiency of 25.67% (isfh recognition), and significant milestones have been achieved in metallicization technologies that replace silver.
Downstream components, high-quality production capacity continues to expand: in the near future, companies announced their intention to invest in Salt City, build a 25gw annual photovoltaic assembly manufacturing base, and officially set up a downstream component. Meanwhile, the Division has steadily advanced the construction of new production capacity for silicon, and the three-phase 120,000 tons project in Leysan has been approved for energy consumption.
In turn, production is expected to be completed in the second half of 2023; the production of 200,000 tons of new silicon products each in Baoshan is scheduled to take place no later than 2024. For battery chips, the company currently produces 54gw annual battery capacity, Conway shares: silicon batteries are sold twice as well as new battery technology.
The risk of excess capacity in photovoltaic manufacturing; the risk of an iterative nature of new technologies; the policy risk of the photovoltaic industry; the expected impact of the new crown epidemic; and fluctuations in the price of raw materials for feed.
"Tomway shares: silicon-volume lectonics, new battery technology continues." "Tomway shares: silicon-silicon-sounding, research and development-upgrading." Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations