Weir shares (603501): Carborne Cis leads long-term highs, expected q2 performances gradually rebounds.
In terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori rate is 35.31% (as compared with the previous quarter), with a slight drop in the company ' s operating income and net profit during the reporting period.
On the other hand, in 2022, q1 achieved separate sales, management and financial cost rates, companies continued to increase their R & D inputs and to improve the core competitiveness of their products to meet household needs, and in 2022, q1 incurred R & D costs of $523 million, an increase of the same amount.
With the positive restructuring of the company's product structure and the gradual recovery of the main segmented market, the company expects the net profits to be attributed to the shareholders of the listed company in the second quarter of 2022, the demand for smartphones is under pressure and vehicle/security cis penetration is rising rapidly.
In 2021, 71 per cent of the company ' s image sensor operations were conducted, with cell phone cis/Ann 6035001 company rating: vehicle load / security cis rapid upscaling, contact control displaying products
The slow and relatively low market performance of high-end machines has led to a slight decline in the performance of the Chinese market smartphones as a whole.
The company Weir Holdings (603501) took stock: Performance meets expectations, car-borne ciss and tddi leads to a long-term rapid increase in penetration in non-cell cis.
Long 2022-02-06 (1) Smartphones Vision 2022 as the supply of spare parts eases and global supply chains and goods
The flow system is back in order, and according to the counterpoint data, a 7% increase in global smart cellular output is expected. The domestic Andre smartphone brand will bring a richer mix of products, taking advantage of the differential advantages of self-research chips and cutting them off.
Pre-optimal advantage on screens to recover more of the high-end market share. Along with the continued sinking of 64 million high-level pixel products from companies, and the extensive application of new products such as 50 million pixels to 200 million pixels that companies have introduced, corporate smartphones.
Area image sensors are expected to grow further. (2) Automobile electrons, according to icinsights, are expected to grow the car most in the next five years.
In fast-track applications, the size of Carborne Cis market will reach $5.1 billion by 2025, with an annual compound growth rate of 33.8 per cent, and the company has nearly 16 years of research and development experience in the area of vehicle image sensors, with clients covering major car brands in Europe and America.
Clients. In recent years, companies have also been heavily imported into the country’s traditional automobile branding and new power-building programmes on the basis of the old Euro-American mainstream vehicle branding partnership, which will also bring new income and profit growth points to companies.
(3) Other areas, such as security, ar/vr, are expected to reach $3.2 billion in 2025 and 23.2 per cent of the combined growth rate over the next five years, based on icinsights data.
With nyxel.32 technology in place, a company's security image sensor can capture higher resolution and more distant images under the same light volume, and it can reduce the overall power by reducing the quantity of led and so on, which is very good for the security programme.
And the virtual reality is a new generation of information technology producers, with the promise of becoming the next generation of generic technologies after computers and smart phones.
According to the latest forecast by the courtpointglobal for the ar/vr market, ar/vr is expected to grow from 11 million in 2021 to 105 million in 2025, an increase of about 10 times. The company Cameracubechip, lcos,
Products such as touch chip, power source, etc. have been used in the ar/vr field, and the value of single-cellable supplies has continued to increase. tddi/dddic is progressing well, and contact control shows a perfect product matrix.
The company's tddi product has been produced in successive items of the front-line mobile phone brand, while further refinement of the company's exposure and display matrix has been implemented through the introduction of a new research and development team to complete the oleddddic product line.
The domestic head screen plant has been certified and will be applied to smartphone clients in 2022. According to cinno, the domestic display-driven chip market is expected to grow by 68-57 billion dollars in the same year in 2021 and will continue to grow to 8 billion dollars by 2025.
Gold, cagr 9%. For touch and display chips, according to frost&sullivan data, it is expected that 1.15 billion tddi chips will be delivered globally in 2024, with amoled still at high speed and long-term, and because of the market on the amoled screen.
The site is now dominated by a South Korean screen plant, where the share of Korea's oledddic in the global market for smart and mobile phones exceeds 80%. Domestic demand to show drivers is increasing, and national production is replacing it.
In our view, the company’s leading position in the field of cis is strong, and it is expected to benefit from the rapid expansion in the size of the car’s smart car-loaded cis market. At the same time, the company is moving in the direction of control display, simulation, radio frequency, etc.
The future is expected to be the second growth pole for companies’ long-term development. Downward industry risks, less advanced development of new products, increased risks from competition in the industry, and the risk of policy changes abroad.
• Electronics Group Presentation: Mao Jianxian University Masters in Materials, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global lead semiconductor advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity securities investment, and employment in the country from 2018 to 2020
Liu Xing: Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design at Nanyang University of Technology, Singapore, formerly set up in the Chinese Science and Technology Academy of the Ministry of Science and Technology of the Republic of Hong Kong, Chi Ying Yi: Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Engineering, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, a combination of electronics and finance, reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.