Weir shares (603501.sh) 2021 and the first quarter of 2022. The product structure continues to be optimized, with platform-type semiconductor taps.
In addition, the company issued a 2022 equity incentive plan to include company directors, executives and middle-level managers.
1. Ver Holdings (603501.sh) Business Brief Review: Second Growth Curve opened with 2349 persons, including low-value high-quality semiconductor taps and associated core technical (operational) personnel, awarded no more than 15 million stock periods
2. Weir shares (603501.sh) depth report: The Stars and Seas of Automotive Semiconductor Systems have developed in concert and product structure has continued to optimize.
\triangleright 3.
There has been a significant increase in profitability, mainly as a result of product structure optimization and industry-highness. The current company semiconductor operations are designed to generate image sensor solutions, contact and display solutions, and simulation solutions.
Business systems, widely applied to consumer electronics, security, automobiles, medical care, ar/vr, 2021. 5. Ver shares (6035001).
Of this, 57 per cent (47.6 per cent of semiconductor design operations) were received by smartphones in image sensor solutions, which decreased further; 18 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively, were received by security surveillance and automobile electronics (15 per cent and 12 per cent of semiconductor design operations), while the share was further increased, with structural optimization driving the public.
The Division’s image-sensor operations are becoming more profitable. Touching and displaying operations continue to promote product overlaps and customer expansion based on the succession of synaptics products and technological advantages, achieving revenues of $1.963 billion (yoy+163.9%) in 2021 and a Māori rate of 60.9% (yoy+36.87pt) and fully benefiting from the industry’s stock-outs.
In 2021, the company’s autociss business accounted for about 12% of the company’s semiconductor design business, with revenues of about $2.4 billion, a high rate of growth.
In their previous report on the semiconductor depth of Weir's automobiles, a detailed analysis of the auto semiconductor operations and growth path at Weir's core was performed at three levels. In 2021, they benefited from a global wave of motor power, intelligence, a significant increase in vehicle-borne pixel requirements and the number of passenger cameras.
The global core vehicle-borne cis supplier, Welle, has introduced multi-model products that can satisfy different applications from vga to 8 m, both inside and outside. The company's deep-drawn car cis field has been rich in technology for many years, and the company has developed a combination algorithm of hare (hdr and lfm engines) that can provide both excellent hdr and lfm performances;
DeepwellTM double-conversion gain technology can significantly reduce motion prostheses; separation of pixellfm technologies can be used to capture high performance within the overall temperature range of the vehicle; in addition, the company provides a variety of cars to its clients, dedicated integrated circuits (asic), and the roll-out of oax 8,000 using a chip stacking structure, which brings together npu and
It isp's special dms processor. In 2022, as the share of the company's domestic and overseas markets continues to rise, with the exception of car semiconductors, the company's motor semiconductor business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, and the share of the company's overall revenue will increase further.
In addition to car, company income in the area of security is also growing at a high rate. In 2021, company security camp received more than $3 billion, an increase of about 70 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the company’s continued dynamism on medium- and high-end security products and product structure.
The company ' s Os02h10 product is a combination of high-quality near-infrared (nir) and ultra-low-luminous nyxel and purecelplus technologies, with excellent quantum efficiency and low-capacity ir lighting in a completely dark environment. In mobile phone cis, the company earns high-level pixels while maintaining a stable income scale.
The ratio has been steadily rising, with the successful roll-out of 50 million pixels, 60 million pixels, 200 million pixels, μm super-small pixel sizes combined with high quantum efficiency (qe), excellent performance four-phase detection (qpd) auto-focal technology and low power consumption, leading the market continuously in pixel microfiche in 2021.
Business income also increased significantly in the leading shares of pen, medical, and ar/vr. tddi business continued to break, creating a new profit growth point. company tddi business in the first half of \triangleright in 2021
With limited annual capacity, a high annual growth rate of $1.963 billion (Yoy+163.9 per cent) has been achieved, while the company’s tddi business Māori (Yoy+36.87pct) has become a new profit growth point owing to tight demand and supply of tddi products. In 2021, the company’s tddi business inherited synaptics products and techniques.
Based on the advantages of technology, the product mix and customer outreach are being promoted continuously, with company tddi product td 4375 continuing production in a number of front-line phone brand client projects and leading the industry to launch the sinking Hdtddi-td4160, which is widely recognized in the market. Looking ahead, in 2022, the company will complete the oleddddic by introducing a new research and development team.
Product lines, further refinement of the product matrix, which is now validated by the company ' s oledddic product at the domestic head screen plant, will be applied to the smartphone customer product program for 22 years. Meanwhile, 22 years of company productivity security will be more adequate, and it is expected that companies will continue to engage and demonstrate high growth and profitability in business for 22 years.
\triangleright corresponds to 24/19/15 times the current price, respectively, and we keep the `recommended' rating by looking at the path to the development of the company ' s platform semiconductor and the depth layout in the auto semiconductor field.
Figure 1: The collection structure of Weir shares in 2021. Figure 4: Quarterly cost rates of Weir shares. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.