The company's announcement that the company's fully-owned company, Shao Heung Wei Ho, will compete through a centralized competition.
As of 20 May 2022, the company held 23,905,087 shares in Beijing, accounting for 4.96% of the total share capital of Beijing.
More than 50 million shares, not more than 10.38% of Beijing’s total equity.
Completion of the construction of three brands: issi (storage), lumissil (simulation and interconnection chip) and ingenic (intelligent video chip and microprocessor) and the technical distribution of “storage + simulation + interconnection + counting”.
The goal of cooperation and complementarity of resources has been to increase ownership of Beijing. Cooperation to develop vehicle-borne chips, a global distribution network that empowers Weir: Beijing’s storage chips are widely used in industrial and car-grade applications, and vehicle-borne storage chips can be used for car-borne entertainment.
Engine control, auto electrons, adas, etc.. The sis brand memory is for international mainstream car tier1 sales, including Bozo, Delfort, Continental Group, etc.
68.2 per cent of offshore revenues, compared with 83.8 per cent, will deepen cooperation with Beijing King on the Carborne Electronic Market to achieve complementarity of resources in customer product programmes and future technological directions, and helpwell on the Carborne Electronic Market will continue to expand the global market share.
Anti-Video Chips extend to the consumer end: Beijing's fully funded subsidiary, Fatso, is focusing on the intellectual and visual field, using video decoding techniques, the development of soc chip products, mainly in the areas of security surveillance, smart doorbells, human face recognition devices, and the consumption of smart video chip collars.
Beijing is already in possession of 360, the Mi family system, Hale, United Nations, Rhodes, and other major consumer customers. In 2020, Beijing's Internet camera was smart, and the global market for frequency chips was 16.7% in mobile phones, cars, government security.
There is already a high level of market ownership and technological accumulation, which is expected to further enhance the market position of the company’s security video chip through Beijing’s entry into the mainstream domestic market for affordable surveillance.
Investment proposals: watch the company's strong alliance with Beijing King Jung to speed up the layout of the global vehicle-borne video chip, and open up the consumer security cis market. At the product and technology end, achieve good synergies with Beijing King. Maintain the company's expected operating income in 2022-2024, respectively.