Weir shares (603501): rapid vehicle/security cis penetration, rapid upscaling, contact control, product matrix improvement.
Growth of around 21.59 per cent, resulting in net return to mothers of $4.476 billion, further increased R & D investment, improved M & D ratio, increased company semiconductor design operations of $20.380 billion in 2021 (as compared with the previous year)
+18.02 per cent), of which cis received $16,264 million (over the same period, semiconductor distribution received $3.66 billion (+47.28 per cent); For Māori, the overall Māori rate for companies in 2021 was 34.42 per cent (over the same year).
+4.68 pct), of which the Māori rate for semiconductor design operations is 37.9% (+6.15 pct) including cis (0.33.64 Māori, +2.27 pct), +0.09 pct. In addition, R & D for company semiconductor design operations in 2021 was achieved
To 2,620 million yuan (year-on-year +24.79 per cent), the smartphone needs of the semiconductor design business are under pressure and the vehicle/security cis penetration surges rapidly, with 71 per cent of corporate image sensor operations in 2021, with cell phone cis/Ann accounting for 71 per cent.
The share of Weir's shares (603501) is rated as: performance: 57% / 18% / 14%, respectively. Internal demand from the epidemic meets expectations, and vehicle cis and tddi lead long-term success.
The slow and relatively low market performance of high-end machines has led to a slight decline in the performance of China ' s market smartphones as a whole.
Revenues of $481 million and $361 million, representing an increase of over 60 per cent and over 80 per cent, respectively, and a rapid increase in penetration in the non-cell phone cis area, are projected to reach global cis market size in 2025, based on icinsights data.
Over the next five years, mobile phone sales will increase by 6.3 per cent annually, the fastest-growing application area, reaching $5.1 billion by 2025, 33.8 per cent annually, and security markets by 2025.
In addition, growth projections for other areas of Cis over the next five years include: medical and scientific systems tddi/dddic well under way, exposure to a well-developed product matrix, and company tddi products that have been produced in successive programs in front-line mobile phone brands.
Also, by introducing new research and development teams to complete the oleddddic product lines, further refinement of the company's touch and display matrix, which has now been validated by the domestic head screen plant and will be applied to smartphone clients in 2022.
According to cinno, the size of the domestic display-driven chip market is expected to grow by 68% to $5.7 billion by the same year in 2021, and will continue to rise to $8 billion in 2025, or 9% in gold and cagr. For touch and display chips, according to frost&sullivan.
According to data, the global delivery of the tddi chip is expected to reach 1.150 billion in 2024, and, in terms of the film, amoled is still at high speed and long, while Korea's oliddddic company is a global genius because the city of the amoled screen is currently dominated by the Korean screen.
The share of the market for mobile phones exceeds 80%. In the future, as domestic panels continue to grow, so does domestic demand to show drivers, and national production replaces it. We believe that companies have a strong lead in the field of cis and are expected to benefit from cars.
The rapid expansion of smart-carried cis markets further boosts the market position. At the same time, firms are gradually fulfilling their layout in the direction of contact displaying, simulation, radio frequency, etc., and are expected to become the second growth pole in the long-term growth of companies.
Industry downside risks, new products not moving as fast as expected, industry competition, increased risk, overseas policy changes, etc.
Mao Jianxing: Master of Materials, University of Kyotan, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in the country between 2018 and 2020 Liu : Master of Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Technical University, Singapore.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly due to, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.