Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Center Carborne Cis and tddi Opens the Second Growth Curve Vehicle/Advisory Cis and tddi Drive Semiconductor Design High Growth: 21 Years Semiconductor Design Business Income
Amounted to $20.38 billion, an increase of 18 per cent over the same period, attributable to the rapid growth in the scale of vehicle-borne and security-protected cis sales and the significant increase in sales of company tddi products to smartphone brand clients, while increasing the Māori ratio by about 37 ptt due to the tight supply-demand relationship of the Tddi product market.
1. Car-borne cis: full product line layout, with an increase in the share of production advantage support; 21 years of vehicle-borne cis realization 1. High performance growth, see long-term sensing solutions for cis and tddi. Corporate car customers include well-known car companies in Europe (BMW, Audi, Benz, etc.).
2. q3 Performances meet expectations, cars and tddi continue 50-60% share), the United States (general, collar, etc., about 30% share), the country ' s Great Walls, Gilly, Upwards, Uranium, Ideals, etc. (over 50% share expected) and South Korea, Japan, etc.
3. The Four Core Drivers, the Cis Leader takes off again - accelerating imports, combining a global share of more than 40%. With competitors Sony and Ansenheim ' s production capacity limited, Howie is expected to have a share of over 50% in the future, depending on his capacity and product advantage.
High-end layout, driving over 70% growth in security cis; demand for high-quality cis products in the area of security surveillance driven by the spread of smart cities and smart homes; 21 years of accelerated high-end security products in company layouts; 70% increase in security cis revenues over the same period.
3 tddi+ddic is gradually on first-line mobile branding, and contact control and display drive operations are expected to double: 1,963 million yuan in tddi product revenue in 2021, an increase of 164 per cent over the same period; products have been produced continuously in many first-line mobile phone brand client programmes; and new research and development teams have been introduced to complete the ledddic product line, which is expected to be completed.
The company’s other product operations (including car regulation, serdes interfaces, power management, etc.) and the armr technology program have a deep layout.
With the evolution of the business ecology, companies are expected to be able to model their circuit products in the future in the broad categories of products, in emerging markets (medical, iot, industrial testing, material networking, etc.) and in other business areas such as the traditional security, property-networking market, etc.
(c) Analysis of the related report rating ratios in the market, for example, risk of underperformance; exchange rate risk; risk of stock release; risk of goodwill impairment;
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment