The two brands are on their way, the cellars are on their way to the renaissance.
• Two brands are growing fast, the cellars are on a recovery journey, and for the first time they cover the "buy-in" rating, and the company has served as a model for strong white wine. Since 2015, the reforms have been very effective, with two brands of the cellar and the cellar forming, two-wheel drive, a clear increase in control of the channels under the brand monopoly model, and progress in the nationalization of the market.
• The high-end white market has grown steadily, the country’s cellar is the third largest brand, and there is plenty of room for industry in terms of volume. Since 2015, the high-end white market has expanded rapidly, with cagr reaching about 20% in 2015-2022, and the market is expected to be about $190 billion in 2022.
A third high-end brand of white wine has been successfully installed, and there is much room for growth in the future. Prices have been split, high-school low-priced product lines have been developed, channels and markets have been fine-tuned, companies have been determined to pursue a two-brand strategy, product structure covering low-price bands in high schools, product distribution, high-end state treasures.
Contribution of major income, of which the high cellars are branded, the low cellars are added, and the high-low products are mutually beneficial;
The branding model, which is flexible and subject to local regulation, has significantly increased end-control. Markets are well-placed, niche markets are solidly strengthened, and the strategy is advanced to foster a potential market consumption climate, with sufficient nationalization potential. • Management experience is strong, teams are growing younger, and equity incentives are becoming more dynamic.
The company ' s current management is experienced, its core executives grow up for longer periods of time within the company, and has an in-depth understanding of business management and development planning, while team promotion mechanisms are better and management cadres are younger, contributing to the internal dynamism of the team.
More broadly, it is expected that management team motivation will be further mobilized to stimulate corporate business as a whole.1 The deep-sweet nose is deep, the cellar is on its way to a renaissance, 1.1. Brand: a long history of culture and a model of wine.
In the Sichuan State area of 28° north, the old cellars of Xiangzhou are characterized by clear seasons, a warm climate, a high-quality ecological environment, and a high-quality white wine. The old people of Xiangzhou have a long history, and their brewing process begins with Qin Han, and has matured during the time of Tang Song and Yuan Jingqing, and the wine culture has passed through the millennia.
In addition, the old cellars in Xiangzhou have the valuable resources of the year's swarms in the industry, which were built in 1573, the first and longest continuous use of which was to protect the most complete saloons in the country, so deep that the old cellars in Xiangzhou are known for their "sweet noses" throughout the country in 1952.
During the first wine contest, one of the first "Four Wines" was selected by the Panzhou Cemetery and is now the only Chinese brand with a five-year Chinese brand. 1.2. History: High-end paths have sunk and multidimensional reforms have opened a new chapter.
Corporate development has been at a crossroads, high-end market opportunities have been missed in 1988 after a failed wine-to-people strategy, and, in the middle of the year’s industry adjustment period, price failures and poor channel patterns have led to a steep drop in performance. In 2015, many reforms were promoted, and companies began to embark on a full-scale recovery process.
Figure 1: After 2015, the Qingzhou cellar entered a high-speed development period. 1989-1999: In the 1980s, after the Quanzhou cellar set up a ton of wine brewing base, it produced more than four other golden flowers in the Quang wine.
In 1988, the state introduced a market price for tobacco and alcohol, and officially opened prices for wine sales, and the price of white wine brands began to develop in a differentiated way. In this case, Guozhou has adopted a controlled price-raising strategy for the high-end white market.
Liquor brands do not follow a high-end path, opting for a strategy of using wine-to-people tactics, using price-downs and tags to create popular products, whose value is being diluted and their brand leadership missing, causing them to fall to high-end brands, drinking camps, and missed opportunities for industrial development.
From 2000 to 2005, the business development crisis was brought back to high-end white wine markets with the launch of the national cellar branding company. Under the influence of the popular-people strategy, the company’s business development fell into a state of internal distress in 2000 and was internally driven by brand power.
In this context, the company launched its 1573 national cellars with an initial product price of $268 per bottle, which exceeded the price of the low-end and five-food fluids at the time, and the owner.
In brand promotion, companies focus their resources and costs on the national cellar brands, continue to foster consumers, and promote their return to high-end white wine. But, since the cellar is still in the early stages of development, the overall sales are small, and companies are profiting from high sales costs.
2006-2012: Growth at high speeds in the industrial sector, with the innovation of the spring model releasing overall energy. gdp is in high growth, with an average gdp growth rate of 10.6%, high economic growth is leading to a surge in demand for white wine commerce, high-end white wine is entering the gold development phase, the state cellar is taking advantage of the industry east wind into rapid growth period, the state cellar in 2006
Second, in 2009, the company innovatively launched the Fountain model, set up a company in each marketing area, tied the interests of resource-rich core distributors and salesmen, and moved the market more rapidly through an effective channel of power-sharing.
Driven by the Quai Spring model, the cellar series has seen a high rate of growth, with high-end alcohol harvests growing rapidly from $10.0 billion in 2006 to $7.56 billion in 2012 and income cagr close to 40%.In 2013, the white wine industry entered a period of deep adjustment as a result of the “3-public consumption” ban, which led to a sharp decline in government consumption.
The demand for white wine was hit a lot. During this period, the old cellars in Chenzhou suffered the most than other high-end liquor companies, while companies misjudged the market situation and, while prices in the cellar continued to fall, companies adopted rigid prices, and countervailingly raised the price of the product to $999, leading to a serious reversal of the price of the approved and the offer, and channel confidence.
The damage has been severe, and the sale of the cellars has declined significantly; on the other hand, the company’s control of the channels is weak in the spring model, the industry’s downtime demand for terminals has led to a backlog of pipeline stocks, and dealers have thrown up large amounts of low-priced goods due to high stocks and low profits, which has led to the collapse of the cellar sales system. The revenue from the cellar in 2014 was only $900 million, down nearly 90 per cent from 2012.
The fall in revenue from the cellar led to a marked decline in corporate performance, with corporate revenue falling by 9.7 per cent and 48.7 per cent in 2013 and 2014, respectively.
And at the peak of the forest, the company began to embark on a full-scale recovery campaign with multi-dimensional changes in product structure, volume strategy, channel model, market, and so on. The product side reduced the number of brands and bar codes, combed the product system and focused on five monolithic developments, with a marked improvement in the product structure.
With regard to the pipeline model, the company upgrades the model of the Fountain Spring, introduces a branding model and establishes three companies of national customers, special tunes, cellars, and tailors to different regions.
Living controls, channels to flatten and fine-tune management. At the market level, accelerated nationalization, the development of traditional niche markets, and the promotion of the “South East Map” strategy will continue to enhance potential market development.
Changed to “Ouzhou old wine factory”, in 1993 the old wine factory in Kyongzhou initiated and restructured its business assets to establish a joint stock company, which was listed in 1994 at the deep end. As of the third quarter of 2022, the company's two former shareholders were the Penang Group and the Penang City Investment Group, which held 25.89 per cent and 24.86 per cent of the company's shares, respectively.
In October 2020, Sichuan State Treasury and Sichuan Investment Group held 10% of the shares held by Sakakawa State Treasury and the Sichuan Treasury Social Security Fund, while the company’s actual controller remains the Szong City State Finance Committee.
The first equity incentive scheme was launched in 2010. The company was the first to implement the equity incentive in the white and wine industry, and in 2006 the company started the equity incentive scheme for the first time, but was unable to implement it because of policy considerations. In 2010, the company re-launched the equity incentive scheme, and the performance test required no less than 12% net profit per year, and Roe did not.
Less than 30% and not less than 75% of companies listed by their peers. Equity incentives landed, effectively stimulating internal motivation, and years did not pass due to the impact of the industry’s adjustment period.
The case is not higher than 65%. After the introduction of the Equity Incentives Scheme, there is a well-developed system of corporate incentives and confidence in overall development.
The company has an absolute advantage in the number of annual silos, effectively safeguarding the adequate production capacity of high-end wine.
Preposition of high-quality base alcohol production capabilities to support the company’s medium- and long-term development. The company has been completing the construction of high-capacity months, phase two is expected to be completed in December 2025, with the project adding 100,000 tons of pure, high-quality, solid food, 100,000 tons of wine, 100,000 tons of wine curls, and 380,000 tons of wine storage in the post-natal period. In 2022, the company implemented smart brewing techniques.
Renovation project (phase I), which will allow for the addition of 80,000 tons of gin and 104,000 tons of gin storage capacity in 2026; currently 180,000 tons of gin production and 484,000 tons of gin storage capacity; and 2, the steady expansion of the high-end white market and the increase in consumption driven by rising prices
2.1. High-end leadership change, with branding becoming a core barrier Prior to 1988: brand branding, but price of wine, regulated by the Government, determined industry status. Towards the end of the twentieth century, the country entered the reform and opening-up phase, the country's economy entered the fast-track of development, and the income level of the population was achieved
The demand for and demand for white wine have continued to grow, and production and sales have increased rapidly. In 1952-1989, a total of five competitions were held, the brand and influence of white wine were further strengthened, the fragrance matrix was expanded to 12 fragrances, and the national branding camp was gradually shaped.
In this period, production volume determined market share, and Shanxi wine became the most popular white wine brand, with a market share of over 70% at the time.
1988-2012: price regulation liberalized, old-fashioned liquor led high-end products up, alcohol industry shifted its focus from productive capacity to channeling. In 1988, the state liberalized 13 brand-new alcohol prices, and five grain fluids led to high-end white wine prices.
It's the most expensive white wine on the market, opening up opportunities for high-end growth in the industry. Under the branding initiative, the spirit of the wine market is triggered by the competition for higher-end markets, while the liquor industry is shifting its resources from production to distribution channels, paying more attention to the expansion of markets and channels.
High-end spending such as resource acquisition, government, business, etc., has taken the lead in achieving nationalization; on the other hand, the liquor industry has accelerated product structural upgrading, and the number of high-end brands has entered the expansion phase, such as the national customers 1573, the Blue Book of the Ocean River, the alcoholic insiders, and the well-boarding top brands.
Each year, driven by three public consumption restrictions and rising consumption, the public and business consumption grew, pushing the high-end white industry to expand rapidly. At the same time, under the concept of "less alcohol, good wine" consumers demanded more value and influence on the high-end white wine brand, while the power of the channel began to fade and became the core of the high-end wine.
Soft. The current high-end liquor market has a strong headline, a large share of Guizhou's kiosk, five grain fluids, and Xiangzhou cellars, while the remaining brand entry thresholds continue to rise and future brands will remain the core competitiveness of the industry. 2.2, the high-end white market is vast, and the consumer demand base is strong.
High-end white wines continue to grow in size, increasing at a faster rate every year. The high-end alcohol market, which was affected by three public consumption in 2012, experienced a significant decline in 2013-2014. The industry is expected to grow at an accelerated rate in 2015 as public consumption rises, and the high-end alcohol market is expected to be about $190 billion in size.
In recent years, the country’s macroeconomic stability has led to a rapid accumulation of wealth, with the average annual disposable income per capita in our towns and cities reaching 4.74 in 2021.
The number of people with a high net income and a high net rise in the number of people living in the population has steadily increased, pushing consumption up and providing a steady guarantee for the growth of the demand for high-end white wine.
Consumption patterns have changed, and the general public and business have become the driving force behind high-end white wine consumption. In 2012, the share of white wine consumption in the country was 82%. In 2013, the government introduced three public consumption restrictions, government demand fell off the cliff, and public and commercial consumption has gradually become the main driving force behind industry growth. In 2019, the high-end white wine market was dominated by the general public and the public.
Business consumption is 98% higher than expected. Moreover, public and commercial consumption is more diversified than government consumption, including business dinners, popular banquets, annual meetings of businesses, collections of investments, etc., while consumption attributes are more sticky and sustainable, contributing to a steady and sustained expansion of the industry.
Figure 18: In 2012, white wine consumption was dominated by government and business, and high-end white wine cycle properties were weak, more risk-resistant and more robust. High-end white wine showed greater resilience during the period of industrial adjustment, while high-end white wine cycle properties were weak and rarely volatile.
The industry has been caught up mainly by policy factors and a small number of food safety issues; on the other hand, high-end alcohol companies have become more resilient, risk-oriented and resilient. Following the 2020 national epidemic, the white wine industry has been faced with a lack of scenery and reduced costs. Some alcohol companies have experienced a gradual decline in production and market sales data, while some have a high level of sophistication.
High-end white wine displays a concentration of head and a third-high-end brand position in the cellar. High-end white wine is extremely demanding for brand power, with product branding and storage cycles lasting decades and industry entry thresholds high.
The top-end white wine patterns are clear, head concentration trends are clear, industry cr3 accounts for over 90%, its Chinese guest stands at the third highest white wine brand, and in 2022 it is expected to earn about 8%. In recent years, liquor companies such as rum, ocean river, alcoholics, wines, and state platforms have also continued to produce high-end prices and products, although new entrants to the industry have continued to grow.
There is still a clear gap between competitiveness and head branding, with markets consistently smaller in size and city occupancy, and future industry patterns will continue to be characterized by head concentration and end-of-side fragmentation, with room for improvement in the country’s guest-market coverage. Economic growth will resume in the wake of the epidemic, high-end demand will be released, and rising consumption will drive up the price of high-end white wine.
With the liberalization of controls, the economic recovery trend in the country has determined that the investment and consumption climate will continue to pick up, that the number of high-net people and the level of public income will continue to rise, that consumption will push the white industry up the profile, and that high-end white wine will enter a new cycle of growth with double-priced prices.
8%. High-end alcohol consumption is concentrated in our high net population and upper middle class. In 2015-2021, the high net population was 15.3%. In the same period, the high-net population was 15.3%. In the same period, the high-net population was sold at 12.2%, 14.3% and 20.0%, respectively. The overall average of the high-net population was 14.3%.
In the medium-to-long term, the number of high net-value people in the country continues to grow significantly, with a projected sales of about 48,000 tons of puppies and about 7.5 per cent of cagr in 2025; a mature high-end brand with a projected sales volume of cagr at around 7 per cent; and a state cellar with a fast-growing high-end white wine.
Cagr's sales are expected to be slightly faster than 12%. So, based on the number of high net-value people and high-end production capacity, we expect to calculate the data, or there's an error in real terms.
In the large difference, the price increases for the P5 and the D573 are almost the same and more relevant. In the period 2015-2021, the price increases for the P5 and the C5 and the SLB old cellars were around 5%, close to the rate of annual disposable income growth in our towns and cities (7.2%).
3, Two brands strong, channels, market fineness, 3.1, Products: Focusing on Double Brand Development, Multi-Line Products Paralleling, 3.1.1, Double-Current High School Low Levels, Big Monopoly Strategy Clear
Until 2015: Brand development is widespread and core brands lack recognition. Between 2013 and 2014, companies liberalized product and bar-code thresholds, resulting in a disorder of product lines, with a large number of developers in addition to the company’s representative brand. More brands, on the one hand, resulted in less prominent core products, dilution of brand power, and on the other hand, sales by companies.
After 2015: Combine the product structure and define the strategy of "double brands, trilogy, big monoliths." When the new management came into office in 2015, it started with collating and thinning brands for sales of less than $500,000.
At the same time, the company explicitly proposed a strategy of “double brands, trilogy, big monoliths”, with the brands focusing on the development of two major brand series, “National cellars 1573” and “State cellars”, with the products focusing on the cellars, specials, silos, headlines, and two major monoliths.
Two brands cover low-price bands in high schools, with a clear strategy for large monolithics. The “Nils” and “Silves in Liangzhou” brands are full of low-prices in high schools, their Chinese cellars have high-end wine markets, and the Core Monuments 1573 contribute to the main collection by the public department.
Two major series, secondary high-end markets: low-end liquor head and two-track, 100-dollar box and 100-dollar bottle, respectively, to locate the public consumption scenes. 3.1.2, high-end: branding value of the cellar and mutual reinforcement of high-low-value products.
In 2000, the company launched a high-end brand name, the "National Customer 1573", which focuses on the scarcity and the high end of the product.
In the brewing pool, the state cellar is made from the old cellar pool built in Manchuria in 1573, which has been used for less than 400 years and has built high-end and scarce products through limited production. In the brewing process, the state cellar follows more than 600 years of traditional brewing techniques, safeguarding the quality and mouth of excellent products.
In 2006, the old cellar brewing process was classified as an intangible cultural heritage of the country. Under the advantages of the two cultural heritage pools and traditional processes, the high quality and scarcity of the country’s guest products have been recognized by consumers, and aid companies have returned to the high end track after many years of development and sedimentation.
Figure 22: Prestige National Treasure Pools in the Old Sanctuary of Sanctuary, 1573. Figure 23: In 2006, the first national intangible heritage was selected in the old cellars of the State.
The cellar provided a central driver of corporate growth and succeeded in securing the third largest brand of high-end liquor. The cellar entered a fast-discharge period in 2000.
In 2021, the cellar is expected to generate about 136 dollars, with a share of 65.9 per cent, and more than 40 per cent of cagr in 2015-2021. Providing a central driver of growth in corporate performance.
The cellars have sufficient potential to grow, and high-end products are mutually reinforcing and promote brand values. The cellar series has achieved full coverage of high-end prices, distribution of product categories and mutual development.
In addition, the company has continued to extend its profile to super-high, and has launched 568 and red at 1500, and 2000 to Chinese taste, mainly in China.
Figure 26: Co-development of multi-producer products in the cellars promotes brand value enhancement, high-priced cellar owners, brand-value poles and continued nationalization of the country 2021.
Yearly branding and consumer development, brand influence and size is second only to five grains in high-end 1,000-dollar markets, and is also a core corporate strategic product. In branding, companies focus on nurturing high-end circles and increasing consumer stickyness through high-end testing, forums, publicity, etc.: close to eight-dip-fives at the price.
In the future, companies will continue to expand their share of the high-end liquor market at the very heart of the national market. Low-lying cellar owners are making sales, contributing increasingly to the market’s consumption climate in North China, East China, etc.
Over the years, benefiting from the healthy drinking and rejuvenation of consumers, the climate of low-level white alcohol consumption has gradually increased, and markets such as North China and East China have expanded rapidly. The low-lying cellars are located at 600-800 high-end prices, in 2021, at about 40% of the total revenue of the cellars, and in 2022 they are expected to outperform the high-level cellars.
On the one hand, because local consumers drink more alcohol and are more receptive to low-level alcohol, the low-level cellars quickly gain a large number of consumer approvals based on softness and taste and higher product quality, and on the other hand, the low-level cellars have a strong market influence in sub-high-end markets, and the brands rely on the strong market influence of the high-value cellars.
The brand is clearly stronger than other sub-high-end products; the low-priced cellar is cheaper than the high-cost 200 dollars, which corresponds to the demand of low-volume consumers for business dinners; the competition lacks the main competition and competes with the high-five fluids in most markets. Overall, the low-priced cellars are growing faster throughout the country and are branded at a high level.
At the same time, the low level of exposure to consumer groups further strengthens public awareness by promoting high branding in super-high-end countries and by fostering high-end opinion leaders ahead of schedule. Companies, based on the high-speed growth of high- and low-lying countries, are constantly placing super-high-end products on top, carrying 568 and national treasure red at 1,500-bit prices.
Mainly, as differentiated products, they are used to fill high-end blank price bands and to supplement distributors and end profits; Chinese taste in price layouts above $2,000, on the one hand, is used to raise the height of the high-sheltered chain of brands for flying the skyscrapers and the classic five-food fluids, and on the other hand, high-end circulation of the layout, which fosters high-end opinion leaders and consumer groups ahead of schedule.
The hip matrix has been upgraded to take on the rejuvenation of the Xingzhou old cellar brand. The Xiangzhou Xiangzhou Xiangzhou Xiangzhou Xiangzhou has concentrated its products on the 300-800-bit high-end price belts, dominated by the 1952, special and silt age series of the Xiangzhou cellars.
The strategic position has been improving since 2017, with 60 editions of the core special and the old ads set at $400-600 and $300-400, respectively, which contribute to the main income of the waist.
Figure 27: Sub-high-end 300-800 price belts of the Quantico cellar products, 2019, the tenth generation.
We're going to set up a business reception, buy profits from the group in 2022, and we're going to fill the void in the special series.
The year is accelerating the shift to second-line urban fabrics, to channel products, to a series of basic products.
The Bureau, to locate a business dinner, will speed up the national layout, and the first national wine contest will be launched in the old cellars of Xingzhou, and five national wine contests will be launched.
The era. In 2021, in honor of the classics of the old cellars in Xiangzhou, the company launched a new strategic product, the “Shelms in Xiangzhou” 1952, which was built by the 22nd-generation master master of Chang Choe, who was the heir of the traditional brewery in Xiangzhou. The product is located in 600-800 series, high-end price belts, with the heavy responsibility of building the value, quality value and brand value of the old cellars in Xiangzhou.
For the first time, products have been marketed in strategic cities like Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Wuhan, etc., and a quota supply will be used to guarantee profit channels, and it is expected that future sales will contribute to companies.
In 2014, the company resumed production of 60 editions of the special feature in the Xiangzhou cellar, and the product was recommenced in the 1960s in the Xiangzhou cellar by the "Worker's Farming Card" feature. The product was marketed only at the beginning of the market in Kawasin, where it was located and sold only in group purchase mode, and local brand influence and consumer acceptance were rising as a result of the good quality of the product and its higher value.
In 2022, the company launched the 60th edition of the special feature, which was launched as a national development, and in 2021, the company converted the 60th edition of the special from a group purchase to a traditional channel-type product, and took the lead in opening up full-scale operations in the Kawasaka region, with good results. In 2022, the company launched the 60th edition of the special song (R. 60) as an accurate focus on the consumption scene, spearheading its promotion in the Kawasin market, creating an example of Chinese wine quality.
In the medium and long term, the 60th edition of the special report is at the beginning of the country’s expansion, with companies focusing on fostering consumer groups and stable price systems, stable and stable regional markets, and more space for nationalization.
The old adage: upgrading and strengthening consumers to build 300-400-dollar price belt cores. The old ad has a deep historical background, with the first one born in 1915 at the International Exposition of Nations, and the product has been constantly updated in response to the demands of the times.
The specials were put on the market, branded, retail prices were raised from 200 to 328 dollars in the past and 388 dollars in the year 2020. After two years of consumer development and branding, the 2022 old adrenaline was successfully priced, the product price was steadily up, and the consumption climate in some of the major distribution areas was gradually emerging.
It is hoped that the old-word feature will continue to strengthen the competitive advantage of the second-highest price. Figure 30: The 60th edition of the special for the banquet market (R60) was launched in 2022.
Fig. 31: The old word adjective is a steady upturn, and (5) the four-quarter star is built, and the 60th edition of the Translator's advert (Red 60) is built.
A 60th edition of the Vanjumma. 500ml. luzhoudlaojiao. Breathing wine: positioning 300-600 ounces of high-end white wine, mainly filling a special blank price belt, perfecting the product body.
In 2011, the company launched the 100-year-old cellar series, mainly three products of 30, 60 and 90 years old, with the final location of 300-600 dollars of sub-high-end commercial liquor, to fill the niche market. In which 30-and-60-year-old cellars have price overlaps in some parts of the country, companies are trying to avoid a cross-fertilization of products.
In the future, the Department will focus on 90 years as a priority development product, with a layout of 400-500. 3.1.4. Low: high-light bottled wine, and strengthening the structure of the Tajik product.
Low alcohol growth has continued to decline, and the income share has continued to decline. Since 2015, the growth in corporate low alcohol income has been clear, with a steady decline in income, with a low alcohol harvest of $2.25 billion in 2021 and a drop to 10.9 per cent, and we believe that the decline in low alcohol has been due mainly to multiple impacts, namely, the 2020 epidemic on income and the general population at the grass-roots and grass-roots levels.
Consumption capacity has had a greater impact, and low-end alcohol consumption has decreased frequently. Second, companies have focused their development in the past mainly on medium- and high-end products, with less resources invested in low-end products. Third, some low-end products have become ageing and branding problems, leading to lower consumer awareness.
The market for light bottles has a greater potential to expand, helping to strengthen the structure of the company’s bottom product. Since 2021, the department has continuously placed high-light bottle products in a coded fashion to strengthen the structure of low-end products. On the one hand, high-end products such as domestics, specials, etc., have a better market base, but companies are weak in low-end markets, using high-light bottle as a tool for high-light alcohol.
Taki's product, which strengthens the firm's capacity at the bottom. On the other hand, the high-light light bottle area is still at the blue sea level, market capacity and space are large, the company, as a national brand of wine, has a strong brand name and influence, and the layout of the bottle will rapidly magnify the power of the wine, as well as reduce the impact of other low- and medium-end brands.
In June of 2021, the company founded the Great Fragrance Company, formerly one of the four major marketing teams in the Penthouses, was responsible for its operations.
The headline series still features a hundred-dollar package of popular consumer products, including a series of high-end, old-man's and other products, focusing on three or four-line city feasts, dinners, and low-end business scenes. Two hairs, high-light bottle liquor market, company's launch of high-line light bottle "Black Cover" in June 2022, with a price of $98 per post-market.
The Bottle, which leads industry standards in brands, raw food, crafts, and taste, will soon become the company’s core single item in the company’s T10 billion matrix, with the prospect of fast-tracking the public’s 100-dollar bottle of wine market. A high-light liquor sales company will be set up to create a light bottle track, creating the company’s third growth curve of 2020.
The company first launched its new strategic brand, High Light, which is based on a new, light-minded idea of “loose, simple” and high-quality, high-grade bottle of light, and developed three monoliths of high light g1, g2, g3 for different consumption scenarios. In January 2022, the company set up a high-light sales company in the old cellars of Kyushu, operating a single high-light series.
Products, targeted primarily at the 80- and 90-year-old groups of light- and luxury-consuming people, break the pre-existing low-end image of light bottle alcohol, and promote the spiritual and value resonance of light- and luxury-consumption lifestyles with consumers. High light opens up a new track of light and light white wine, which is expected to become the company’s third development curve in the future.
3.2. Quantum strategy: Control of counter-prices has moved steadily, and the cellar has achieved a substantial increase in volume by 2015: two price failures have led to falling into high-end camps. In the history of corporate development, there have been two major crises, the first in 1988 when the country liberalized its brand-new alcohol control, and the company used wine to convert people.
The alcohol strategy, which keeps prices low, missed opportunities for high-end alcohol development. In the second period of industry depth adjustment in 2013, companies were less aware of the industry, raising the price of high-end customers 1573 products sharply, leading to a collapse of product batch prices, increased stock pressure, and a sharp drop in sales.
After 2015: reshaping the price relationship, upgrading the control of channels, and moving the country’s customers steadily to a thousand-dollar position. In 2015, the new management actively adjusted the reforms to place greater emphasis on maintaining a stable characterization of product prices and stocks in its pricing strategy.
Prices follow the five grains strategy, with a small, multi-frequency increase; on the other hand, they maintain a counter-price strategy, regulate price relationships, help channel inventory, and ensure that products are sold at par. Plant prices follow the strategy, with a small, multi-frequency increase.
The price increases were relatively short, and the price increases of the country ' s customers until 2012 remained essentially the same as those of the huts and the five grain fluids. During the 2013 industry adjustment period, companies misjudged changes in market supply and demand, and inverse price increases led to a severe collapse in the price of the product.
Since 2015, companies have been more cautious in raising prices, following the five grain fluids, raising prices at least three to six months later, keeping prices close to P5 prices, ensuring steady growth in high-end brand power, steady progress in controlling prices, and improved management of channels.
First, stop or eliminate quotas, reduce market stocks, guarantee product scarcity; second, adjust quota ratios within and outside the scheme, raise the cost of distributors and channel purchases, guarantee the price structure of the cellars, and drive batch prices up; and, after improved confidence in the channel, promote price increases in the end retail price.
A bit mature, and the ability to control it is clear, guaranteeing profit space for distributors and terminals, and price increases, while increasing in frequency, have been steadily sequenced and effective overall. The price of the country’s population has risen, and the difference between the bulk price of the five grains has been gradually reduced.
In terms of sales, the volume of sales in 2015 was less than 2,000 tons, in 2021, and the bulk price was only around $700, and now the cellar has grown to around $900, with a 30% increase and a steady reduction in the difference between the bulk price of the five grains. In the medium and long term, as the epidemic was liberalized in 2023, the consumption scenes recovered and the economy passed.
The recovery will lead to an upward trend in white wine, and the cellar is expected to follow the five grain fluids to a thousand-dollar price. Figure 37: High growth in sales by the country ' s customers since 2015
Disaggregated estimates of data, or errors in actual values) 3.3. Channels: branding is a sophisticated operation, channel patterns are flexible.
Models. In the change of channel patterns, companies have always insisted on the refinement of channels and consumer development, from the Quantities model to the upgrading of brand-only models, and on the transformation of channels to flattening and fine-tuning operations, targeting different markets according to local conditions, while safeguarding distributors and end profits through three-tier alliances and state cellars, plus
High-end marketing and core consumer development have been effective in increasing the stickyness of the consumer population. 3.3.1, the pre-septic model has accelerated market expansion, and the sector’s adjustment channels have been severely damaged.
The model is based on a regional distribution model, in which the company sells the goods at a low price to the company, and the company sells them to the company.
Price distribution goods are given to distributors who, in the context of high demand, high profit channels and rapid expansion through product price differentials, red dividends and fuzzy returns, take advantage of the resources of distributors to make rapid nationalization, and continue to set up seven major springs in Chongqing, Sichuan, Huabei, Huatung, Fujian, etc.
In 2010-2012, the top five clients of the company contributed more than 30% of their income, with the company accounting for more than four seats. The industry adjustment season model was flawed, and the company’s channels were badly damaged.
During the period, the demand for high-end alcohol dropped sharply, and the Quantities model revealed a variety of disadvantages. First, the company’s weak control of the channels, and when the industry went down, the distributors had a short-term interest, low prices, regional chains, etc., which accelerated the price of the product, and the sales income, and second, the company’s high dependence on the dealer, which led to the dealer’s voice.
Greater power, which is difficult to control in the marketing and development of products, is not conducive to the development of the product matrix.
In 2014, the company launched the branding model and made a comprehensive improvement in response to the shortcomings of the branding model, creating three major brands to operate independently in an organizational structure that is more conducive to the strategic development of large monolithics and avoiding distributors.
Only high-profit products are sold; regional subsidiaries of exclusive companies are reduced in sales and only first-tier distributors or terminals are established to enhance end-control; management still binds distributors with equity, but the rights of branding, appointment of management and sales personnel, cost appraisal, etc. are transferred to the management of equity companies, thereby enhancing public ownership.
Under the branding model, firms are flexible and tailored to different regions. Companies are flexible in adapting the channel model to different markets during the exhibition phase, with three modes of regulation in branding companies, one for each.
Companies’ models, manufacturers’ 1+1, distributors’ dominant role is essentially to push channels to flatten and fine-tune their development. The subsidiary model: For markets that need resources to be nurtured, the company directly controls the terminals and enhances the control of the channels.
The market is fully controlled by the creation of subsidiaries. The mid-term industry adjustment period in 2013 was severely damaged, and the Kutai model was first introduced in 2014 in Chengdu, where companies organized local core distributors and terminals together to finance the establishment of the Kutai company, which is responsible mainly for the operation of the national cellar series of products and is based on sales volume and share rules.
In the early years of its existence, Kutai, which aimed primarily at restoring the status quotient area, sold the state cellars at about 220 million yuan in 2015, an increase of 65 per cent. In 2017, he became the head of the Chengdu district and opened a battle with the Chengdu Congress through team-building, a trade association and a terminal display.
In the form of fast-growing market consumption, the revenue from the sale of the cellar in 2017 was $800 million. After good progress in Chengdu, the Kutai model has now been extended to Henan, Beijing, Shijia, etc.
The Kutai model has been upgraded to a brand-based model, the company is financed by distributors and terminals, the wine factory is in charge of operations, the channels are combined with direct distribution models, and the company can directly control the terminal.
4. Core distributors and terminals use a crediting system that links dividends to sales and stimulates sales power 1+1: for areas where sales are blocked, the company is led, the distributor is associated with consumer growth and market expansion. In markets where distributors are weak and market sales are blocked, companies are mainly using the producer 1+1 agreement.
In conjunction with market management, local distributors form branding companies, led by manufacturers, develop marketing, extension and cost-disbursing programmes, and distributors are responsible for back-end warehousing logistics. Producers and distributors under model 1+1 achieve win-win outcomes, manufacturers acquire dealer customer resources through exclusive firms, and rely on sales teams to enhance consumption
The model is currently used mainly in Hebei, Henan, Hunan, Hunan, etc.
In the market, where dealers are strong and have a wealth of customer resources and marketing channels, the Department plays a supportive and guiding role, on the one hand by sending factory personnel to plan costs and marketing, and, on the other hand, by assigning the execution and operation to the distributors; and, on the other hand, by means of supervision and evaluation, by means of the company, by means of bottle openings and sales.
The model is better suited to more powerful and well-consumptioned areas, and is now being used to bind distributors to the core consumption groups in the Conservative, Tangshan, Gallery, etc.
The company builds a three-tier union, the first being a conglomerates of shareholders in the state cellar, mainly a national conglomerates, which achieves benefits through annual dividends; and the second is a regional union, which attracts regional distributors to participate in a unified management of the region;
The third stage is to build regional affiliates, absorb high-quality distributors and terminals, and stimulate end-lives. Companies provide different return and cost policies at different levels, ensuring that each distribution channel is profitable and well-managed.
The first vip club in the White Wine industry, with the "end-of-pipe union" and the "core consumer" as dual carriers, has created high-end clairvoyant communication platforms for its members through direct corporate investment, dedicated services, and high-quality resource development. On the nuclear consumer side, companies organize seven-star dinners, high-end clubs, forums, etc.
Fostering and building, steadily increasing core consumer brand loyalty and consumer stickyness. At the core end, companies create a business partnership circle that helps expand the distribution channels of nuclear heart terminals by working with exotic industries such as hotels, groups, high-end consumer stores, etc.
System upgrading: upgrading from a single terminal to a national strategic platform; upgrading of identity: formal upgrading from multiple wholesale, distribution downline to a level I cooperation terminal; upgrading of entitlements: benefits such as displaying, tourism, image-building, personalization, big breakthroughs, etc.
• Strategic upgrading: optimizing the system of welfare of clients, with the same clients, with the same development, with the same prices: defending prices to ensure a return to the good values of the vault
Three major development plans for logistics maintenance: a firm legal approach to the management of counterfeit shops, the establishment of a logistics gap against out-of-country logistics, the deepening of hospitality: the use of three festivals for the image of products, product promotion and marketing, 3.4. Markets: building on niche areas to sustain the nationalization landscape
3.4.1, Deep Farming Base Predominant Markets, which guarantee steady growth of income Corporate advantage Markets are concentrated mainly in South-West, North-West and Central China, where the South-West region is a major market for companies with a large regional market capacity in China, where companies continue to dig deep potential markets through a war pattern, rising their share in 2017.
Figure 45: China’s rapid growth in income in 2017, with a strong consumer climate in the south-west, provides a solid guarantee for the development of the cellar. The south-west region’s strategic position is particularly important for companies, while the south-west region has a large white market capacity and a strong consumer climate.
The Sichuan province, where white wine consumption is estimated to be about $40 billion, is also a competition for the country’s important white wine provinces, and the southwest region provides a steady guarantee for company performance. On the other hand, the company, as a local brand, has been well developed for many years and has a strong brand and deep consumption base, especially in Chengdu, the country’s guest brand.
The power and size are basically the same as that of the five grain fluids, which companies can replicate out of the province by building a model market in Chengdu. The North China region is dominated by low-lying cellars, and competition is growing rapidly. The North China market is the traditional advantage of companies. The market is dominated by low-selling cellars, which cost about $600-700 in bulk and the end price is $800 left.
Right. In 2021, the size of the state cellar was over $6 billion in the north market, and in 2022 it is expected to be over $8 billion, of which the low country cellar volume is expected to exceed the height of the high state cellar. Moreover, the low state cellar has a clear advantage in the north market. On the one hand, local consumers have a soft and tasteful taste, and the low-country guest has a better taste in quality feedback, with a relatively low level of dietary fluids.
The fee-payers are more receptive; on the other hand, the low cellars lack the main competition in the 600-800 sub-high-end price belt, other sub-high-end products have less branding power, while the low-end product is focused on high-level products, the low-level cellars are relatively poorly developed, and the low-lying cellars compete with the low-end sub-prime market in North China.
The Chinese market fosters a culture of consumption, and the war model is expected to bring new breakthroughs. The Chinese market as a whole has a larger consumption cost, of which Henan is about $60 billion, and Hubei is close to $30 billion.
In China, the Department, which is mainly based on the pattern of conferences, quickly introduced comprehensive radiation to end-users, shops, etc., by concentrating its sales in major cities, using concessions, promotions, looting of places, etc., thereby driving the local market to its share of the market. In May 2020, the company opened a conference in Henan to plan a target for the sale of the cellars.
In three years, 1.2 billion yuan was broken and the province was divided into four major war zones: the number of salesmen increased from more than 200 to more than 1,000, the channel introduced the manufacturer 1+1, the Kutai model, the large business model, etc., and guaranteed the distributor ' s profits through a controlled profit-sharing model, which generated about 500-60 million proceeds in 2020 from the Henan market cellar.
In 2022, the company continued a new round of battles in the core cities of Hubei and Hunan, with better market marketing and end-to-end feedback. As access to major cities is gaining control, and as the market and consumer climates develop, China will continue to grow in the future.
The region is expected to become a new driver of corporate growth. 3.4.2, promote the Eastward South Map strategy, accelerate the expansion of potential markets.
There was still a shortfall in the opening of the South China market channels and consumer acceptance, and in 2018 the company began the “East to South” strategy, which led to a gradual attack on the more diversified markets of East and South China, mainly using the “1+n” layout model in vulnerable regions, i.e., to complement other opportunity-based cities with fast-track connectivity based on a central urban priority layout.
The Chinese market has a strong atmosphere of white wine consumption, and the cellar has gradually released brand power. The Chinese market, which includes Jiangsu, An Xi, Zhejiang, Shanghai, etc., has a large overall white wine market, of which Jiangsu market is over $50 billion. The main price belt has risen to $300-500, and the product structure has been upgraded to the top of the country in 2017.
With Shanghai, South Sudan, and Zhebei as core markets, the focus has been on increased investment, proactive cooperation with high-quality distributors, accelerating the expansion of delegation procurement channels, and strengthening active end-and-consumer production through high-end testing and branding. The focus areas have now developed a good consumption climate, with the cellars selling revenues in 2022 at the Chinadong market.
It is expected to be close to $3 billion, gradually narrowing the gap between the five grains and the future, as brands grow, the market has a weak consumption base in South China, which is dominated by a culture of consumption. The market is dominated by Guangxi, Guangdong, and Hainan, with a relatively high level of market economy development and per capita income, but local wine, wine, and sauce fragrance.
White wine has a strong atmosphere and a weak basis for consumption, and the company’s size is somewhat different from that of other regions. At present, the company operates in the South China market, mainly on the one-plus-one model, and continues to strengthen local branding, active in the construction of channels and consumer development, and the South China market is expected to step up its efforts.
4.1 The management team is experienced, senior managers, and staff-driven core executives are stable and experienced. Corporate management is stable over time, with most executives starting at a date before and after 2015, when the management team has not changed significantly to effectively guarantee stable corporate production and operations.
In addition, the core executives have not only a wealth of marketing and management experience, but have all grown up in the interior, with Liu Xing and Limfeng serving as company directors and general managers, respectively, in June 2015, both from sales front-line positions, becoming more familiar with corporate management and development planning, and then taking up their posts in brands, products, channels,
The marketing team has grown towards rejuvenation, with better talent-building mechanisms and effective motivation for the workforce. The company has dared to promote young cadres in marketing management, with Zhang Piao, Dong Fujie and Zhang Liang as the main players on the marketing board in 2021.
All three are “85” and are between 35 and 40 years of age, of which Zhang Piao is the General Manager of the Department of Marketing of the Cedars in the State of Chenzhou, Tung Ho-jie is the Deputy General Manager of the State of Cedars, and Zhang Liang is the General Manager of the State of Ceremonies. The company promotes excellent young cadres, develops mechanisms for the development and promotion of talent, and contributes to the strengthening of the team.
Incentives to stimulate core human motivation and further release of internal energy. The company launched the equity incentive scheme in 2021, which was the first stock incentive for the current management. The stockholding plan covers not more than 521 people, including directors, directors, directors, etc.
Supervisors, executives, directors, directors, Liu Xing, and general manager Lam Peng each awarded 95.9 million shares, with the remaining seven top managers accounting for approximately 5.77% of the total; core cadres, with a total of 512 persons, awarded a total of 7.2537 million shares, or approximately 82.11% of the current award plan.
Corporate core management and cadre motivation, corporate motivation, solid investment in marketing costs in the medium- and long-term of the company, and space for a decline in the cost of sales The annual channel uses the Fountain model, which binds core distributors mainly with equity dividends, and costs of sales are relatively low.
Corporate sales costs were only around 5% in 2010-2013. The company upgraded the Quantities model to branding in 2015, with brand companies operating independently, with channels operating in a more sophisticated manner, with higher costs in terms of personnel, channels, operations, etc., and continued strong brand marketing campaigns, leading to a sustained increase in sales costs, 2019
In 2020-2021, sales costs for companies affected by the epidemic declined, but they remained at a higher level compared to alcohol companies like the Guinji State Mauptai, the Five Grains, etc. The public awareness costs continued to rise during the epidemic, and the marketing costs fell.
The Division's sales cost structure has changed, with sustained increases in advertising costs, continued investment in high-end branding and hard-broadness, and a continued reduction in corporate promotion costs by 49.2 per cent in 2021.
Based on the company’s current expansion period, market expansion costs and high advertising costs are inevitable under high-end brands that are not as strong as parchments and grain fluids, but with the company’s rapid growth, sales costs are reduced. One is the epidemic.
The economy is being repaired gradually after the optimisation, and the prices of corporate products are expected to rise gradually, and when the core products are well priced, the channel returns and costs will contract gradually. Second, the company will apply the cost of continuity precision, strengthen control over the channel, avoid the cost of the suite, accurately market it in consumer development, and enhance it with different groups of consumers through differentiated activities.
Third, with high growth in corporate incomes, low sales costs, a steady increase in consumption rates, 4.3 and post-epidemic recovery, it has been determined that the pre-emerging two-brand-driven high-performance epidemic has re-stamped the demand for white wine consumption. Since the 2020 epidemic, the new crown epidemic has re-emerged throughout the country.
The impact on the consumption of the white wine industry has been greater, both because the epidemic has led to a greater lack of scenes for the consumption of white wine, and because restaurants, shopping malls, hotels, etc. have been cut off during the epidemic, thus discouraging demand for business dinners, weddings, meals, and so on. The epidemic has led to the suspension of businesses, a decline in the overall income levels of the population, and a decrease in the willingness to spend on consumption.
In 2023, a new form of coronary virus infection was declared to be a “B-B” management, and we think the white wine industry is about to start a new price-up cycle. First, in the short run, with the country's peak, the consumption scene will come to an end.
In the medium-to-long term, with the resumption of business activity, the country’s economic recovery trends have determined that the level of income of the population will be substantially restored and the consumption of white wine will continue to rise.
On the whole, as the scene recovers and income rises, high-end, lower-middle-end, and sub-high-end price belt products will follow the growth recovery period. The state cellars are growing at a time when they are growing in tandem, and the brands are growing again, and the company’s multi-priced product lines are pushing together after the epidemic.
The company’s focus on the development of two brands in the state cellars and the Xiangzhou cellars, with the formation of a high-school low-priced belt with full coverage, division, and co-development of the state cellars, with the high-end branding influence continuously raised through price follow-up and controlled upscaling, and the gradual stabilization of high-end thousand-dollar prices, the continuous narrowing of the gap with the competition, and the guarantee of performance fundamentals;
In recent years, the low-end cellars have competed differently in the north of the country, and the rapid growth of products has become an important growth driver for companies. The old cellars have been restructured, middle-priced products are ready, and low-priced mass markets are being pursued.
To enjoy the consumption uplift dividend; special 60 card bits 400-600, which will accelerate the country ' s market spreads after the current transition channel product; the old adage, after a two-to-three-year adjustment recovery period, has been successful and stable at 300: low-end products focus on the high-light light bottle market, new black caps and the hard-on Taki shelf after the launch of the high light
The company's overall product structure is perfect, low-end high-school products are mutually reinforcing, and after the epidemic, the company's performance is on track. The income assumption is: the firmness of the company to advance the “two brands, three lines, five monoliths” strategy, and the high-end product to the country.
The cellar series is dominated by the high-end location of the high-storey cellar, the constant increase in brand value in the controlled counter price, and the low-value cellars in China, 25.0%, 23.0%. The medium-barrel is dominated by the special and the old-age series, the 60th edition of which is sold through the transition channel, the old-language special stands at more than $300, and the wine of the same age is used to supplement the empty-price belt and will expand in the future as the region expands.
The low-end wine company introduced a new black cap and a high-luminous high-light light bottle market, pulling low-end alcohol. The Māori ratio assumes that the company's dual-brand strategy is steadily developing and the post-epidemic economic recovery will lead to a substantial increase in the volume of products, with a steady increase in the high-end cellar series, which will continue to grow in terms of the share of revenue, with the mid-strategy series generating 300-800 pieces of energy.
High-end prices, currently in a fast-growing period, with low-end alcohol escalating to $100. Overall, public cost assumptions: under branding patterns, the cost of front-loading and channeling of companies is high, the value of brands and consumer development are now gradually entering the harvest period, and later, as costs narrow and incomes increase over the long term.
Compared to the valuation levels of the major white wine companies, we found that in 2022 the white wine industry averaged about 33.8 times, and in 2022, the Cemetery projected an average value of 34.4 times higher than the industry average, but taking into account the rapid growth of brands under the company's big monolithic strategy, the high quality of the country's customers, and the potential for re-engineering the brands of old Chinese.
The future growth space is better and should enjoy higher valuation premiums. Macroeconomic downsides, product upgrades are less than expected, and competition in the white wine industry is increasing.