How do the food and beverage groups look at the competitive advantages of the cellars?
Operating management, robust growth and pro-cyclical elasticity in high-end wine lanes. With the industry up, the company pushes for full “seven actions,” and we look forward to a re-branding of the company’s capacity and its continued release.
A competitive advantage one: the product sku is well-structured, upliftable, and supported down. The company has a product strategy of "double brands, trilogy, big monoliths."
1. Stabilizing control of the Fati structure, over-expected realization of profits - 2203 in the Penthouse, Kwok County, supporting brand power and long-term long-termism; low adaptation to consumption trends, China Performance Review, 2022.10.28
The North is on the rise. The cellar is a thousand-dollar mark around the multi-dimensional marketing of art, sports, etc. 2.
2022.10.16 Post-price increases into an accelerated period starting in the second half of 21 and regional misalignment through 3. " High-quality performance continuity, multi-dimensional performance can release - 22 years in the Penthouse of the State "
The National Infiltration Uplifting Sub-Senior Races has a very promising share, with 22 years of specials/Silve Age Sales Regulations Review, 2022.8.28 times out of $6 billion/$20 billion. In addition, the company has developed 1952, Blackgate, etc.
A new product, to fill the price belt, and to import it into cultivation, is expected to grow. A competitive advantage two: the channel model is flexible + high + fine. The company channel model is brand-based, tied to channel benefits through equity entry, and masters the proprietorship.
The flexibility of the channel is to take into account the consumption climate and the power/coherence of the distributors, to use the dealer-led model, the manufacturer-1+1 model, the direct-source model, to increase control over the terminals and consumers; and the flexibility of the shareholders in the exclusive companies.
In addition, the cellar has a two-storey state cellar, with fine consumer development + price.
For a sophisticated and complex channel model, the management of the game has a full front-line sales history, a deep understanding of the industry, and a war-fighter dares to use a young cadre. In the context of equity incentive & pay reform, watch for the continued release of corporate organizational strength.
The company's historical valuation, taking into account the company's superior growth in high-end alcohol, gives the company macroeconomic stress risk, policy risk, nationalization progress below expectations, thousands of dollar prices
Products: The smooth sku architecture, with upward upwards and downwards support, has a development layout around "double brands, trilogy, big monoliths" with a hierarchy of price ladders in the corporate product architecture, with annual domestic guests accounting for about 65 per cent of the forecast, a core corporate system with a high positioning of thousands of dollars and a low level of subhigh prices.
Upward, while Chinese taste and creative products are supplemented by super-high prices. 2) The features consist mainly of old characters, 60 editions and crystals, which account for about 20 per cent of the ratio, and the same-age series (30, 60, 90, or about 5 per cent of the ratio) of 200 to 500 yuan in the pan-low sub-high price range. 3) Headings, black caps, etc., cover about 10 per cent of the bottle of light.
He's a drinker, so 20, 21 years of high-end wine, middle-rate alcohol is a forecast) wines include specials, scaffolds, other products such as headlines, black caps, etc. The point is that the company's product sku is strategized in order to be smoother to reap the dividends of rising consumption, that is, to enjoy a smoother week.
The company currently has a single-scaling team in the main price bands of $100, $300, $600, $1,000, backed by firm firm price layouts, such as the state cellar counter-price strategy, the fast-frequency price increases of the old-word special. Moreover, performance resilience is enhanced through the rotation of brands and the exercise of weights, and flexibility, such as low-lying guests.
The size of the specials creates conditions for the high price of the cellars, which were supported by their performance at the time of the high price increases in the high-speed frequency, and new products like the Black Guy and the Penang state cellars, 1952, can be cultivated steadily. All singles contain only major items of a certain size in the circulation channels, and 1,500 or more, such as flying on a pedestal, Chinese taste, etc.)
The cellars, 1573, were marketed in 01 as high-end product lines for companies, and as a core of consumer awareness of the company's brand, the company's strategy for “tree image” can be traced back to the early days of the product listing. Companies bypassed the product's price strategy by two.
Backwards, in the 1990s, were the popular drinking strategy, and in the last round of industry rewinding, the price difference between them and P5 was set from 19 to 20 years after the re-establishment of the fractured circuit.
Recapitulation of the cellar for 14-15 years can be divided into three phases: 1) In July of 1414, the company convened a meeting of 1573 public guests to market their customers for medium-term marketing work, during which price reduction policies were clearly defined (the settlement price in the plan was $560 as compared to $999 as compared to $620 per bottle) and was confirmed.
In September, the company issued a circular to stop the supply of the 1573 classics of the cellar, with the aim of keeping inventory and matching it.
3) In March 15, the company repurchased a national guest in Hunan market with a market value of less than US$ 550, including the company's salesmen in conjunction with the distributor's acquisition, and the dealer's own acquisition of the liquor store for a cash buyback of US$ 550 and an additional US$ 20/
After considering the repurchase of more than 200 tons of cellars, we expect the actual sales to be about 800 tons in 14 years. Fifteen years of exclusive reform of the channel structure, the rationalization of the cellars, recovery growth, and a 19-year target by the end of 18 years of sale of the vaults, which we expect to be close to 20 billion caliber returns, have been successfully realized.
The upper-middle cellar (52 degrees) is close to 60%, and the lower cellar (38 degrees) is close to 40% +. High-level countries now have the second-largest brand/single after five grain fluids. In a thousand-dollar position, it's high threshold to get the number of tickets. In fact, with the price belt up, brands are clearly more focused.
We believe that this is due to the high brand value attached to high-value products, and that scarcity is associated with high brand value added. Most brands have hundreds of brands and thousands of dealers, so they can be made available through core distributors during the import period.
There's a place for a thousand dollars, hundreds of tons, thousands of tons. In fact, each brand has a product layout at a thousand, but it does not produce a sustained and significant marketing drive, so it can't reach a billion or even a higher in the short term.
Branding is relatively sticky, and consumer development outside the region really requires a multi-dimensional power of products, channels, marketing, and the like. Because the demand for a thousand bits corresponds to business needs and gifts needs to be based on a common understanding of the conglomerates, which is a relatively solid mark in the white and wine industry, and requires continuous marketing inputs that can gradually penetrate.
In particular, there is no fragrant advantage in the cellar. We expect the size of the 1,000-bit value under the return caliber to be around 100 billion (22% in 18-22 years cagr, 10% in 18 years in the top five, 75-80% in the top, and 75-80% in the cr3 brand.
The concentration of brands is still at a high level, winning most of the dividends of price expansion. The demand scenes of the thousands of single-dollar consumers are mainly focused on gifts, business, etc., where the Chinese cellar has a relatively higher share of business and group purchases, while the P5 still has an advantage in gifts, banquets, and sales from the spring festival.
In contrast, the demand for gifts is more rigid, with businesses, group purchasing, etc. depending on the scene, and the demand released in the course of the cycle is more preponderant than, for example, home-drinking at the end of the population.
Figure 11: Disaggregated consumption by the 1573 buying people in the cellar, markets have doubts about the resilience of high-end consumption during a period of stress in the industry. According to 22 years of wealth, the number of rich and high-value households continues to grow robustly (both 19-22 years cagr, respectively).
And the m2 increase still has a monetary effect at a higher level, and we appreciate the demand elasticity created by business and other scenarios. RMB 6 million, with high net worth households with assets of RMB 10 million, about 22%, Cr 3 of 22 years, about 70%)
In the case of low-lying cellars, it is more likely to adapt to changing consumption habits, as well as regional drinking habits. High- and low-level cellars are still operated by the same team. High-level cellars are also laid in low-lying core markets in North China (e.g., Tianjin is about 1:8), and companies in traditional high-lying areas provide low-lying domestic customers, gradually permeating.
In recent years, China’s north-east and east-east regions have grown at a relatively higher rate, associated with the gradual rise of low-lying cellars. We expect that 22-year-old north-east China will account for about 40% and 17%, compared to 18-19-year-olds, where there is an increase in the median number of places.
Know that the dealer’s settlement price has been revised upwards by $30 per bottle since March 31; the return price in the high cellar quota is $960 and the bulk price is $900-910. The low cellar is slightly lower than the high price, so the market will doubt the dilution of the high brand power.
The cellars are not really a diversion of high-level customers, but a penetration of low-level customers, and have boosted consumer branding through low exposure in recent years. High and low-level development depends on local consumption habits, e.g., North China, East China, etc., will be relatively low-interested, as in Henan, Shandong, Guangdong, etc.
So, we believe that the low cellars do not dilute the overall brand power of the cellars, but rather that the low-level sub-high-priced advantage will drive consumers, such as Tianjin, to recognize the brand of the cellars. In addition, companies focus on the cellars.
The aim is to deepen consumer-end brand awareness, and sustain high-intensity inputs to build up high-brand power. Overall, the company has a long-term run in the national cellar system.
In keeping with the concept of the "Seven Focuses" the company leads the high-end focus, the second is the focus brand revival, while the old state brand reboot is based on a series of "Teams" and "Standards" products, dominated by their age. The history of the "Standards" is deep, dating back to 1915, the first generation can go back to the "300s" of the Winn-young Wine, five national wine fairs.
In 2014, the company re-engineered the 60-year-old 'occupational' special. The 100-year-old cellar series was launched earlier in 2011, including its 30-year-olds, 60-year-olds, and 90-year-olds.
At the time of the launch, the price of the cellar was moved up by 1573, so the position was actually higher than that of the special. (When it was first listed, the price of the cellar was 298 dollars, 408 dollars, and 598 dollars, respectively, which was higher than the price of the old adrenaline 228 dollars.) At the end of the last round of the industry, however, the price of the cellar was down to 1573 dollars.
The grid pressure, the age of the cellar, and the special series are clearly affected, and the market price performance narrows. At present, in terms of price distribution, the supercrylic colours are close to the size of the cellar for 30 years, the caption is close to the age of the cellar for 60 years, and the 60 editions are close to the age of the cellar for 90 years.
The region uses the specials and the silo age in the coastal zone; on the other hand, it opens the price gap, focusing on 60 years, and moving towards 90 years. We think that there is plenty of room for raising the value of the company's waist.
Just between $110 and $140, so, under the tone of brand revival, the company has been collating the price system since 15 years, the company's specials, the scavenging system, and the price controls of 16-19, with the price double-tracking system, end-of-end quota system, and so on. At the same time, the company has been upgrading the adrenaline in 19 years, gradually streamlining it.
Entering the release cycle (the price of the 20-21-year-old feature has stabilized at $240-250). Since the second half of the year 21, the waist product has accelerated, with a projected rate of 40 per cent plus the 22-year-old feature (one-wing, including the old one, the crystal color, the commemorative version), and the overall feature includes 60 editions of over 6 billion and the size of the cellar over 2 billion.
The 60th edition of the special is different from the old one, the age of the cellars, etc., which was formerly a regional group purchase product, which was converted to a circulation product in Chengdu, Chuzhou, and other places at the beginning of the 22nd century, but still operates around the group purchase channel in the north and east of China, where the Kawasaka region contributes more than half the size of the sale. Further, 22 years of company's special 60th edition (R60) to the feast.
In recent years, despite the accelerated recovery of the specials, the age of the cellars, the share of sub-high-end prices has remained low, the same price has matured, the sales of single products like crystal swords have already reached 10 billion, and we believe that with the improvement of brand value, there has been an expansion of the waist product.
In addition, with the continuing upward trend in consumption, especially the 23-year-old industrial landscape, the position is similar to that of the old cellar, which has been used to cover the gap of 1573 price increases in the state cellar and is still in the process of being imported into the market, operating as a separate department in the state cellar and currently integrated into the special system.) Black cover replaces the old diagonal high-light bottle.
The scale of sales is expected to be around 100 million, with a cumulative sale of $10 billion in the three years after the 14th Five-Year Plan, and the black caps will join the headlines in cementing the company's product Tucky.
A flexible channel operating model is a sharp edge in the company’s nationalization drive. The channel operating model is related to the value of the product, the cycle of operations, and the channel mode itself is not a good one, but we don’t think there is a channel mode that can be replicated.
The company’s exploration of the channel model dates back to the year 2006, when the company agreed to add a total of 13.1 million shares to the eight distributions of the Shandong wine cellar industry, the Bounty Trade, etc., and the test water is aligned through interest binding.
China North, China, and Southwest Springs marketing companies extend interest binding patterns out. Core distributors and salesmen in the original region finance the establishment of the Koizumi company, which serves as a platform link company and a downstream distributor.
Figure 28: Corporate sales rates dropped markedly in 2010 and now the company has a brand-only model, which includes state cellars, silos, specials, big-smelt wine sales companies, while the old-timer company is still fully owned and operated separately from the 60th edition of the special. The creation of the brand-only model began with the creation of a brand-shelter model.
The downside of the industry is marked by 14 years of business when the distributor created a cellar-age, feature-marketing company, which includes shareholders under the former company model (e.g. the stockholder Jinnan Sunyang, who was founded 14 years ago at the time of the sale of wine, is also a shareholder in the marketing of wine-like products in the Pittsu Spring, and is currently a shareholder in the country's wine-sales company, though.
In contrast to the previous model of the Fountain, the current branding model is similar: 1) in terms of the equity structure, it is still dominated by the ownership of the core distributors (with the exception of the nostalgia companies).
The company does not hold exclusive corporate shares, but the general director of the exclusive department is chosen for the reason that he has been chosen by the old cellar stock company (e.g., General Manager of the present cellar sales company, General Manager of the present cellar sales company, General Manager of the National cellar sales company, and General Director of the South Central region of the present national guest company, General Manager of the current national guest company, Zhang Liang) and has increased the targeting of the exclusive sector by means of an agreement.
Corporate overall control (in addition to core personnel appointments, cost appraisals, etc.) (2) Platform companies are similarly positioned as first-level agents at the national level. But previously, the distribution was based on regions under the Fountain model, which led to the existence of North, Southwest, and Mid-Found China, while the current branding companies were divided according to the system.
From a dealer’s point of view, the level of profitability is associated with a single turnover of Maori and liquidity efficiency, while dealers tend to prefer high Maori products in the industrial landscape, but tend to prioritize efficiency in the industry’s next run. The weak controls over distributors and multi-protocol co-existence can affect the efficiency of the company’s product strategy.
The division model is based on the division of products, which allows for tailor-made responses on the one hand, and better implementation of the product strategy on the other. (3) At the channel level, the branding model narrows down the entire channel level, basically in a three-storey alliance.
Main structures (e.g., stock-share unions, regional federations, city-state alliances, etc.), while the company is essentially a region-based conglomerate, with downstream layers such as distributors, distributors, terminals, etc. Moreover, a firm hierarchy is beneficial to the implementation of a strategy for controlling the division of profits, while equity is introduced at the regional and urban levels as well.
The profit-based approach binds the benefits, although the middle-level segmentation, the embedded model, requires the competence of the executive board to operate, depending on the local context, a flexible distribution model/direct-camp model.
The culture of consumption and the maturity of the distribution system also determine how much human and material resources the company needs to invest in the region to break through, but the overall strategy is still centred on “services, support, carers, wealthy traders”.
The model is essentially a traditional business model or a master-generation model, applicable to regions in the region where dealers are strong and have developed into a certain consumption climate, such as Hebei’s Conservative (the business trade itself is the core shareholder of the national cellar sales company). Under the distributor-led model, the company assigns salesmen more supportive roles, such as landings, webs, etc.
The model, which applies to regions where distributors are more powerful and where the consumption climate is not very strong, such as South China, is weak. In this model, manufacturers combine to develop markets and consumers.
During the pre-brand revival period, companies took the initiative to absorb pre-market cost inputs, not to pack, not to gamble, and to fully safeguard the interests of the distributors. As producers dominate cost inputs, the efficiency of cost inputs in the region is more obvious than the dominant model of distributors.
But the motivation of the distributors will be diluted, and the creation of regional alliances fills the gap by creating incentives through interest binding and co-opting consumer education through consumer state cellars. The direct-account model (subsidiary model)
The prototype of this model is the Kuthai model in the Chengdu region, which was founded in October 14 (the Pittston sales company has not yet been formed, 15 years after its establishment is fully owned by the Kutai sales company), with a low level of consumerism and limited willingness to cooperate among core high-quality distributors, thus investing a great deal of human and material resources at this stage.
In 17 years, the company became a metropolis, with Tung Tiger as its chief commander, with the objective of “changing Chengdu from intensive distribution patterns to one-plus-one in Chengdu sub-districts, achieving a total end quota” – further flattening.
As a result, 59 days of Quantities became operational, with more than 3700 direct-control terminals in excess of 30,000 items sold at a cost of $145 million. Further, in 19 years, Quota Kutata introduced a mix-up process involving the regional distributors in the Kuthai division, while also incorporating the country.
The core endpoint in the cellar extends the chain of interest to the end. The consumer cellar, the Kutai model, is gradually becoming available to end and even core consumers. Thus, in this model, the distributors of the wine factory have largely taken over the development role of the distributors, whose development functions have continued to weaken, but the distributors can still expand their profits through core group purchasing resources.
On the whole, we believe that the straight-line model is characterized by a fine-tuning of the channel, a weakening of the distribution hierarchy, and the implementation of market development, cost-side enforcement, consumer development, etc., by the manufacturers, and by the fact that the distillation of the control plate is better implemented under the straight-line model, with a clear cost-efficiency focus on end-C rather than end-C.
But the effective implementation of the straight-line model also requires a large number of experienced salesmen who, with their mastery experience in the Chengdu region, are now implementing the straight-line model in Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, etc. For distributors, the company maintains channel prices by setting dynamically adjusted and vague returns based on the cost of the channel.
Value chains (reconciled by liquor, end-of-season, end-of-year settlements, etc., in a vague way that avoids the dealer from having a price at the bottom specified by the distributor), generally speaking the overall channel is not less profitable than the competitive, and products such as low state cellars are clearly superior to the competitive. For shareholders in unions at all levels, the additional annual bonus of participation in the consortium (substantially the return on investment).
In the case of terminals, there is a substantial difference from the distribution model of the distributors: 1) the cost input of surplus price differentials, displays, etc. is the base, supported by vague costs such as return to the factory, opening incentives, delivery of non-fixed liquor. 2) In the case of domestic guests, additional benefits are provided to end-users who have better sales performance, value preservation, etc.
The national cellar is a double-storey structure, including the consumer and terminal cellars, the first of which was created in Beijing in October 16th. 1) The initial location of the cellar is the core vip consumer club, which was previously lacking with the core circle users.
Through the consumer cellars, companies target the marketing of circles, such as the Seven Star Festivals, the Liquor Hall, the South Sea Glory Tour, and the Golf activities, all linked to the national cellar platform, with the aim of reaching out to core consumers and (2) the establishment of the end-state cellars is linked to the direction of the wine factory to strengthen control and maintain the value of the product, through additional means.
At the same time, the core resources of the terminal can be integrated into the consumer’s cellar, and the two can be better connected. The cellars are mainly oriented toward the 1573 system of the cellars, while strong marketing teams, such as the specials, the silos, etc., are underpinned by fine channels of operation, such as conglomerates, elite clubs, etc.
In terms of distribution and direct sales, companies have invested more in end-control and consumer growth than before (15-18 years of continuously rising company sales costs, reaching a high of 26.5 per cent in 19 years, 20 years of significant decline and logistics) and increased team expansion (from 168 in 15 years to 588 in 17 years of fast-track sales).
The ISP model has reached 7,000 sales workers in 17 years, over 8,600 in 22 years, in the first line of the industry.
As far as the company is concerned, the formation of the talent ladder has been improved, and it has developed a two-pronged model of “war” + “schooler” training. The company has a tradition of training through the “war” model.
In recent years, companies have been engaged in 20 years of China Congress, 21 years of Nanjing, 22 years of Fertilizer, and so on. By pooling their human and material resources to stimulate consumption in the region, it has also been an efficient way for marketing teams to develop their activities.
In the case of the talent ladder, the size of the company has been 200 to 300 in recent years, of which sales have been the focus. In the case of the national cellar, the “Engineer” scheme has been in place since 21 to recruit marketing elites as reserve sales cadres, with clear training and promotion paths, a focus on talent, and the integrity of the talent ladder system (the company is in the process of nationalization) is evident.
As far as the promotion mechanism is concerned, the company management (head of board, general manager) and the marketing company management are now on the front line of their sales experience, such as the current sales company general manager, Zhang Piao, who is the head manager of the national cellar sales company and the third step in the company’s marketing.
The first members of the team: Zhang Liang, who succeeded the Director-General of the National Host Country Marketing Company, was the former Director-General of the South Central Region, and showed a clear line of bottom-up promotions. Second, the current sales line was headed by a powerful “85” and the company dared to use it (then the sales company).
In addition to this, we believe that the flexibility of the channel is reflected in:
1) Shareholders of brand companies have clear entry and exit mechanisms. For example, the number of stockholders in the state cellar sales companies is currently 70, whereas the number of shareholders in the early days of the establishment is only 20, which attracts the core distributors. 2) The flexibility of the regional operating model. The regional mode of operation is not static, as in the case of the Henan region during the Central War.
The original plan was to concentrate on the straight-line model and then move gradually to the vendor 1+1. Flexibility depends essentially on alcohol, and the factory has a high degree of control over the marginal changes at the end, as well as on the ability of the sales manager, so this operating model is based on the company ' s sales of alcohol, among other things:
1. High-quality wines are mainly of the 1573 series, the size of which is close to 20 billion in 22 years, and are expected to increase at a slower pace than in the next 22 years.
Overall, since the second half of the 21st century, performance has been significant. The 22-year external environment is at the lower end of the price range.
Slippering, with the black cover of the market and the adjustment to the end of the line, low-end or re-entry of alcohol at a very high price (high black cover positioning, light bottle, gradual import, can also drive the product structure upwards) The cost rate is that the company's Māori  margin level is at the forefront of the industry and is mainly at a relatively high level of high-end Māori.
Slightly lower cost (a marked difference in the cost-investment ratio in mature regions, growth areas, and expansion regions, with companies gradually tilting towards the consumer end, and given that sales costs are seen mainly as publicity/promotion costs, projected cost rates Figure 37: Corporate Māori rates are at the top of the plate
Figure 38: Corporate sales costs are at a medium level within the plate Figure 39: Corporate gross sales are at a high level at the top of the plate 2.
We believe that the trend towards concentration will continue later. But nationalization is weaker than at the top, the top, the top, and the middle-priced products are more likely to be nationalized, so the company has a well-developed product sku structure in its head and a flexible, sophisticated channel model that gives the company a robust growth in high-end wine lanes.
The potential flexibility, i.e., the high-end location of the cellar system, which, because of the relative rigidity of demand, gives companies a sense of resilience to their performance, while the company is still in the process of continuous nationalization, which also leads to a certain procyclicality. When the landscape of the post-industry landscape becomes more certain, the company will also be fully engaged in seven initiatives since 23 years, with equity incentives and pay systems guaranteed.
Macroeconomic pressure carries risks. People’s consumption power at the end of the population releases the rhythm, business activity dynamism is associated with macroeconomic expectations, and macroeconomic pressure slows the pace of consumption release.
The market’s expectations about the policy dimension will affect the value premium on the white wine plate, and the level of corporate profitability will be affected by an increase in the consumption tax. Nationalization has not progressed as much as expected.
A thousand dollar price increases competition. The firm’s upward power comes from the core of the country’s 1573 sundry, which can affect the penetration process of the core monolith.