A lot of famous wines, state cellars, and special curls, food beverages, white wine, company profile: history has been floating, current management is leading, brands and channels are growing.
In 2015, the new management “Standing Up” came into office, marketing experienced, initiating comprehensive reforms, streamlining internal and external mechanisms, and releasing the business.
The Chinese cellars grow up to market large, high-end monoliths of nearly $20 billion. We believe that the potential for deep nationalization of the company is still high and that growth is expected to be robust in the future, led by good management.
Analysis of competitive advantages: Management experienced and stable, channels evolved to drive brand value enhancement, equity, incentives to strengthen business dynamics. 1) Since 2015, core corporate leadership has been stable, marketing management has been at a 52-week maximum/minimum price
There are a number of small players in the team with first-line marketing experience, and the introduction of equity incentives has boosted management dynamics. 2) The corporate channel model has evolved several times in response to industry dynamics and development needs, with local adaptation and replicability guaranteeing rapid nationalization. In recent years, the company has completed its channel-driven delivery.
The product perspective is growing: the cellars are steadily nationalized, and the supernova is growing steadily. Corporate multi-brand alliances are working together to create a multi-growth curve, and the cellar’s solid development-led product and collection structures continue to be optimized.
1. Growth curve 1: A high degree of deep nationalization of the cellar and rapid release of low-lying cellars, including in North China; 2) Growth curve 2: Medium-story beverages are steadily released in the south-west, etc., with the new cellar 1952 being dominated by high-line sub-ends; 3) Growth curve 3: A low-end alcohol propulsion structure optimized, high light and black-coated large light bottle markets.
A regional perspective looks at potential: the rise of the Eastward South Map and nationalization is becoming more sophisticated. The company uses a local, direct-control terminal model, and the strategy of “rises in the East East South Map” accelerates the country's layout, building local niche markets. 1) Growth Region 1: Southwest and North China is a strong base market, deep in the region.

Space; 3) Growth Region 3: China’s marketing breakthrough through the war has led to a steady rise in the consumer climate. “The Ceremonies of China - 000568 - Critical Events Rapid Assessment: Equity Incentives Implementation, Steady Growth in Performance Profit Forecasts and Valuations: Growth and Accuracy in Corporate Performance”. We maintain profit forecasting, Predictions.
The three-quarterly review of Cedars - 000568 - 2021: Good performance, high- and middle-level performance, High-level evaluation of major events: Equity incentives to show confidence, endogenous energy and rising consumption below expectations, medium- and high-quality alcohol sales and regional expansion, food safety risks, etc.
Company profile: Strong brands and powerful channels together produce high-end wine brands: five years of famous wine titles and brand names, deep-seated brands, the old cellars of the state are typical representatives of strong white wine, five years of famous wine, famous for strong noses and high brand values.
The city of Sichuan province is the source of the old cellar in Jinzhou, where the company was born and grew up. In 1994, the company was listed as the first to have a share in the wine brewing industry in the country, and the first to have a white wine on the market. The old cellar in Suzhou was the founder of the fragrance art and the standard-setter of the fragrance.
The company has the 1573 National Treasure Pool, which was built in 1573, has been continuously used to date and has been fully protected from its original site. Over the past 100 years, the number of old cellar pools has accounted for 91.3 per cent of the industry.
The state cellar and the state cellar have two brands, of which the state cellar has become one of China's three high-end white brands. In 2022, Kaidobranz, one of China's top 100 brands, was the only company in the white wine industry with a brand name of 1573 under the flag, with a brand value of $8.615 billion.
In the last century, the company, with its five-time national brands, had failed in its strategy.
In 2001, the company launched the new brand cellar, the national cellar, 1573 from the wine cellars of Ming Dynasty (1573 A.D.) and the deep branded sediments built the competitive cornerstones of the high-end white wine market. At the same time, the company added codes to its marketing, helping it to fine-tune its operations.
After 20 years of development, the company has returned to high-end camps with the cellar. The cellar has now grown to sell large, high-end monoliths of nearly $20 billion.
The company is controlled by the State Treasury Committee of the City of Jinzhou, and the equity structure is stable. The Qingzhou Group and the Qingzhou Group are the first and second largest shareholders of the company, with 26% and 25% respectively, both State-owned companies controlled by the State Treasury Committee of the City of Jinzhou, and a concerted action agreement was signed at the end of 2015. The Qingzhou Group is the company ' s controlling shares.
The 10 per cent share of the Sichuan State Treasury was transferred to the Sichuan Department of Finance and held by the Sichuan Province Treasury on behalf of the Social Security Fund.
After the transfer of shares was completed, the controlling shareholders and the actual controllers remained the same. In 2010, the first stock incentives were completed in the industry, re-launched in 2021, and the medium- and long-term incentives were well developed.
The company became the first firm to implement equity incentives in the white wine industry. On 27 September 2021, the company renewed its equity incentives with 92.71.
The top staff gave 6.93 million restricted shares (about 0.47 per cent of the total stock stock at the time), and this incentive was wide-ranging and strong, and ownership incentives were certainly set to fully motivate management. In 2023, the business structure: products were dominated by medium- and high-quality wine, based on North West China, and expanded South East China.
With regard to the marketing structure, the share company is responsible for the production and sale of white wine, the company that produces it is the brewing company, the company that sells it is the fully-owned sales company, while the sales company has a number of liquor marketing companies that are responsible for the independent operation of brands (i.e. branding exclusive model, as detailed below).
In terms of product layout, the company introduced a strategy for “double branding, multi-brand operations” as early as 2007 and, following the arrival of the company's new management the previous year, proposed a strategy for “three-line, five super-manufactured monoliths”, focusing on the creation of a national guest of 1573, silt age, features, headlines, two-tracks, pooling of resources to major products, and clearer product positioning.
The Division has established a brand strategy covered by the full price belt of “two brands, three faculties, large singles”, which includes “two brands”, i.e. the state cellar 1573 and the state cellar 1573 and the state cellar 1573; “three titles”, i.e., the lower middle class of high school; and “large singles”, which includes the state cellar 1573; specials, age of cellars, headlines, dubbes; and the strategic new state cellar 1952 and high light, which have been launched in the last two years.
In terms of product structure, the company is dominated by medium- and high-quality alcohol. The income from high- and medium-grade alcohol has risen from 1.5 billion yuan in 2014 to 18.4 billion yuan in 2014, with a 43% compound increase (a 35.6% increase in sales/tonne prices) and an increase from 28% to 89%.
In 2021, the high-end wine cellars accounted for about 65-70% of the revenue, and the respective share of the middle- and middle-end wines was estimated. On the regional layout, it was based on the south-west and north-west base markets, and continued to boost the rise of the Eastward South.
The company divides the national market into north-west China (including north-east), south-west China, south-east China, east-east China, south-east China, and south-east China, mainly concentrated in the north-west and south-west China, where the company's “basket market” currently accounts for more than 30 per cent and about 30 per cent, respectively; China East, China-China and south-east have yet to expand further and now account for the share of revenue.
The regional development strategy is based on the two main base markets of Kawasaka, Huadong, Huanan, Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Wuhan, Fujian, Anhui, Jiangxi, Hubei, Hunan, Shanxi, Xingxi, Gansu 8 provinces and cities.
A review of growth: two times in history, a steady development in recent years (1988-1998): the price reduction of wine, but loss of high-end status.
In 1952, the first National Wine Review Conference was held in Beijing, where it was honoured to be “China's famous wine.”
In the economic planning era, the old cellar was a central supply, and, as our country's transition to a market economy, the old cellar became the leading product of the white wine industry, selling it to the market at a higher price. In 1988, the old cellar combined tax broke out by 100 million yuan and produced more annually.
After the liberalization of the market price in 1988 the cellar went on the path of the famous wine to the people, but left the high-end white wine camp. The supply of white wine was very high in the economic years of the reform and opening up 10 years ago.
In July 1988, in an effort to make a better transition to a market economy, the country decided to untie the price of 13 big wines and 13 big cigarettes and to hand over to the market the price-fixing rights and sales of white wine, which was the first time that the new China had liberalized Chinese commodity prices, and supply should not be needed to stimulate the price of the next famous wine.
The exclusive sale is officially cancelled, and the competition for white wine is entirely on the market. However, in 1989, with the tight monetary policy of the country, the policy of “no wine for public service” was introduced, the white wine industry was turned from hot to cold, the price of the famous wine fell, the industry started the first round of restructuring, and the wine industry’s market strategy began to divide.
And wine companies like Kennan Spring have chosen the anti-price high-end branding route, while wine companies like the old cellars, wine wines and Guai have chosen the scale of the price reduction route, and the white wine industry has come into production in 1990-1998.
After the division of the development strategies of the big wine companies around 1989, the first alcohol producers to expand their production to meet the market shortage, first reaped strategic results and laid a broad consumer base for their brands. At that time, the wine was rapidly expanded by the advantages of the white wine-making process, making it the first sale of billions of dollars.
In 1989, Wang Ming-hoon, the new factory director of the old cellar, took office, and led by him, the cellar quickly made large-scale efforts, relying on price reductions and product tags, and developed new brands like 45-degree specials, Xingzhou Spring, 100-year-old cellars, Chen Bing, in association with distributors and distributors, despite short-term surges.
The consequences of the fall in the old cellar’s brand power, which began to focus on brands and prices in 1992, have not worked well. In fact, the old cellar, which had already felt the pain of losing its brand name in 1992, introduced a selling price of 1,800.
In 1998, the price of the cellar special fell from $75/bottle in 1988 to $54/bottle, and the company’s net profit fell 47% from the same year, and the industry tax ranking slipped.
The market has evolved into a three-strength pattern. Phase II (1999-2014): Multi-brand operations, with the launch of the national cellar back to the high-end wine camp.
The company launched a new brand, the “Hands of the Nation 1573” as the most important catcher for returning to high-end camps, following the industrial restructuring period in 1998 and the 2001 White Liquor Accumulation Tax. The 1997–1998 licensing system for the production of white wine was implemented to limit alcohol in response to the Asian financial crisis, the Qin Chi King’s incident, the “Shaw State fake wine case” and the 1997–1998 licensing system for the production of white wine.
The impact of a series of events, such as the expansion of production, the weakness of the white wine market, the re-entry of the industry, and the difficulty of running the old cellar. In 1998, under the leadership of the new president of the group, Yuan Su-pyung, the business mechanism began to change, and in 1999 the high-end brand “National cellar 1573” was launched to cut into the high-end city.
The company’s four-shelter vaults were identified by the State in 1996 as the national focal point for the protection of cultural objects, and the cellar was released from the system, at a price of $268 over $218 and $249 for the poo table. In 2001, the white wine industry increased its tax rate, with a huge impact on the low- and middle-end white wine, and the old cellar made a net profit for the year.
At the beginning of the market, there were three successes in the promotion strategy: (a) to enter the market with a “high-end business first-use” position, and at an early stage to move gradually from the catering channel to the supermarket and the exclusive store.
South-West and North-East China were chosen as the first stop of expansion outside the province, competing against the Kuo-Fu sword; 2) emphasised their self-perceived “national treasure pits” and base wine production capacity of only 3,000 tons over the course of the calendar year (1573 A.D.); 3) emphasised cultural attributes by “the history of your taste”.
During the Golden Decade of the White Liquor Industry, 2003-2012, the old cellars took advantage of the industry's upturn to create a brand image of the country's guest 1573, taking advantage of the opportunity to take back a seat in the high-end white wine market. After many years of cultivation, the state cellar began to rise in 2005; in 2006, the company took the lead in introducing dealers in the industry, and in the same year, the state cellar was sold.
It reached 1,448 tons, the third largest single item after Mao, and the atmosphere in key markets, such as Sichuan, Beijing, Hunan, Hebei, Shandong, was initially formed, gradually moving from the import period to the long term. In 2008, the company launched the first country to seal the collection and launched the first super-highly customized white wine - the national cellar.
1573. Customize number one, starting with the industry’s high-end customized drinking river. In 2009, the Bounty Spring model helped the cellars expand regionally with lower yields.
In order to balance branding and business performance, in 1999 the company developed a product strategy of “silo tree image, profit-making, and low-end products.” In 2007, the company proposed a strategy of “double branding, multi-brand operations.”
Pyramid branding is basically formed (1573 in the cellar, with emphasis on the height and reputation of the brand; the old cellar in the Xiangzhou, with emphasis on support; and Taki in the other brands, with emphasis on width and market ownership), and with its comprehensive product system covering the low-priced upper secondary school belts and a condensed growth model, high profit growth has been achieved.
In 2009, the company introduced the Quantino model, which deeply binds the interests of the distributors, and helped the company to complete the initial nationalization. The company pioneered the Quantino model, which is owned by the distributors.
The company outsources the sale to the company, and marketing promotion is mainly carried out by the company.
In 2012, four of the top five clients of the company were involved, with a combined income of $4.6 billion, contributing 41% of the company ' s sales revenue; and
During the year, the company collected 34/35/2024 million in the south-west, north-west China, central China, and other regions, respectively, during the 2013 depth adjustment period for the white wine industry, which led to a major strategic failure in the cellar to raise the price in reverse terms, leading to a collapse in sales performance. At the end of 2012, a three-public consumption ban was introduced, with high-end alcohol consumption dominated by the political consumption scene.
The price of the cellar was raised from $619 per bottle in November 2011 to $889 per bottle, more than Pawn Five, and again to $999 per bottle in August 2013; however, the end demand was weak and the pipeline stock was stocked.
The magnification of the magnified model of the Quadrant Springs led to a complete collapse of the company ' s sales and price system, with the proceeds of the old cellar ' s high-end and medium-grade wine falling from 44.31 billion yuan in 2012 to 960 million yuan in 2014, a yearly average decline of 55/57%. In 2014, the cellar was forced to triple the price of the cellar, dropping from 999 dollars/bottles to 680 dollars.
In 2014, the company began to move to a brand-based model, which is consistent with a single product strategy. The model magnifies the leverage of distributors, who are motivated when the industry is on the air.
In 2014, the company introduced a brand-based model to replace the Fountain model.
The branding model also binds distributors in equity relationships, but the advantage is that it helps to address the multiplicity of channels, weak end controls and imbalances in product development under the Fountain model, while also introducing branding, executive appointments, staffing arrangements, and cost tests.
Some of the nuclear rights have been returned to the stock company. Under the branding model, manufacturers and distributors are working together in the market, combining large monolithic strategies and better suited to push down channels, laying the groundwork for the company’s rejuvenation.
In 2015, the new management of the cellar was in danger, leading the company back to the first three. The company needed to reverse the situation against a backdrop of falling performance.
The Director-General of Xing and Lin Feng took office, each of them with extensive first-line marketing experience, leading to a comprehensive transformation of the company, focusing on brands, products, channels, marketing, etc.: 1) brand thinness: the firm clearly implemented a single product strategy, eliminated middle- and low-end redundant brands, removed the product bar code by more than 90% in 2018 and produced by the end of 2018
From about 8700 in early 2015 to about 400 in 2015, 2) product focus: the company proposes a product strategy for the "3-line, 5-super-single" with a focus on the five main items of the national cellar: 1573, wine, specials, headlines and dubbes, focusing resources on the main products and core markets; 3) channel re-engineering: the company takes the lead.
This has led to the creation of three major branding companies, namely, the specials, the state cellars and the cellars, which operate independently of each other. This model has reduced access levels, enhanced terminal control, and matched the company ' s multi-brand and monolith operations strategy. 4) Marketing plus: the company has strengthened its management and support of the front end of the sale, in branding, channel promotion, consumption.
There has been an increase in investment in, for example, the creation of state cellars, silo-age elite clubs, and sponsorship of various high-end activities. Management stability, precision control over the market and efficient enforcement booster companies have returned to growth fast-track, corporate profits have recovered in 2015 and have been growing steadily since then, with profits in 2015-2019.
Since 2016, with the rise in public consumption, the price bands of high-end and sub-high-end alcohol growing. Companies have seized the opportunity of rising consumption, starting in 2016 with the creation of a national cellar as an end-consortium and a consumer club for carriers.
At the end of the year, the company set up the “Cream Regeneration” group, which for the first time proposed the 60th edition of the special song as a flag product for the brand revival strategy. In 2018, the company specified the operation of the two brands of the “Shelms 1573” and the “Shelms of the State” and proposed to work hard to achieve the three “Bills” at the end of the “13th Five.”
After a series of adjustments, the company went into a fast-growing phase, returning to 10 billion camps in 2017; in 2019, the company collected 15.8 billion in historic heights, and the last of the national cellars.
At the end of the year, sales broke down at a scale of 10 billion and recorded a revenue ratio of more than 50%; the 2015-2019 compound annual growth in corporate income; the 2020 epidemic hit, with rising industrial concentration and rising consumption, and companies enjoying dividends from the concentration of wine. In recent years, companies have maintained a dual branding strategy, the national cellar brand has led to higher levels, and the old cellar brand continues to grow.
Full recovery. When the cellars grow rapidly, they comb the price disks; when the cellars become long-term, they take over. High-end and sub-high-end double-brand prices rise, and product structure upgrades + lower-cost rates drive up net corporate interest rates. Since 2020, the contribution of medium- and high-end alcohol has stabilized at over 85%.
The rate is expected to be more than 93%, and the contribution of medium- and high-end alcohol to the company as a whole is steadily increasing. The Division states that the switch from a defensive approach has been fully completed, and that in the future it will remain “more and faster on the basis of benign development.”
Table 4: Strategic plan focus of the 14th Precinct, Sanctuary, 14th Strategic Plan focus, model upgrade, full competition, brand crossing
(b) In particular, to insist on returning to the “first three” positions in the white industry in China, the size of the harvest reached the established level in 2025 and 2030;
Brand leads, completes brand renewal, enhances Chinese brand values; insists on quality building, completion of production capacity, creation of the world's wine cores, cultural casting, image upgrading, building of Chinese wine culture pilgrims, and building a “brand, quality, culture, innovation, major job intelligence,” a “six-bit-one” pantry, making it a global wine-leading business.
2. On brands: The cellar 1573 adheres to the branding of “sweet wine” and strengthens it around the five dimensions of “stable quality, branding, price raising, scale-up, profit-raising”.3 On a regional level, a regional development strategy of 2358 is proposed, with Kawasaka, Huabei as the two main base markets, and China, China, China and South China as the three main battles.
A competitive advantage analysis: channel evolution to drive brand value up, management experience and stability, equity incentives to strengthen team dynamics.
In July of that year, Mr. Liu Xi, Chairman of the stock company, and Mr. Lam Peng, Director General, were all members of the marketing system, a team of well-established professionals who were able to control the industry, and lead the company back from the depth adjustment period to the fast track. In June 2021, the company had three `85-after-five' members in charge of the marketing board, Zhang Piao.
Elected General Manager of the old cellar sales company (former General Manager of the national cellar wine sales company, successful in promoting reform of the national cellar sales system, market “East to South” layout and priority city “Congress Wars”), and Tung Hojie (former Director General of the southwest district of the national cellar sales company) elected Deputy Managing Director of the old cellar sales company, Chang
In 2021, the Department re-introduced equity incentives, targeting company directors, senior managers, middle management, and middle management.
For the first time, some 500 people, including core cadres, were awarded a price of $92.71 per share. The price of $1,000, while the most important brand power, has important implications for management capacity and motivation in terms of market share.
Improvements will undoubtedly fully motivate management, and it is expected that corporate development will be brought to new heights in the medium to long term. Seven staff members will no longer qualify for incentives, such as reassignments/resignations; 2. Retention awards will be followed by 46 and 17 additional core cadres, respectively.
The channel model has changed many times in response to industry and development, with local adaptation and replicability guaranteeing nationalization fast. Since 1988, when the company adopted a popular wine strategy that led to the end of the high-end white wine camp, it has been difficult to catch up with the top five, and the cellar is a brand, root and sediment that was launched in 2001, and the country's cellar is a new brand.
For companies, the best strategy is to use channels to supplement brand power and constantly change channels to find a more compatible model. The company’s marketing model is the fastest among the leading wine companies, with its core being “strict share, precision marketing, control board profits, co-winners” and the company as a whole, and it's getting better and better at getting rid of it.
Costiers, better consumer education, and long-term sustained brand-up. Looking back, the company’s channel model is divided into three phases.
In 2006, the company attempted to mix up, start a private build-up, give priority to the company's distributors, and target eight distributors, including North China, East China and South China, with the first dealers in the industry to hold shares and achieve economic growth.
The combination of interests of distributors and companies has consolidated the existing distribution channels and stimulated their motivation. Phase 2 (2009 - 2014): The first-ever industry model, with a fast-paced nationalization based on large businesses.
In 2009, the company established six companies, Chongqing, Sichuan, Huabei, China, the Old Liquor Independent brand, and the Fujian Union, to promote the Quantuan model everywhere. Until the end of 2012, public consumption restrictions were imposed, government consumption dominated the consumption of white wine, and opinion leaders from the party-military community were the core clients to be reached.
At this stage of the gold decade, the company is in the process of growing demand in the run-off, using the spring model, which allows for a strong link with core opinion leaders through the acquisition of resources by major firms, and the rapid opening of markets at a lower cost to spread the product across the country.
The management of roads is relatively rough, the cost input is difficult to direct to consumers, and consumer growth is not sophisticated. Phase 3 (2014-to date): shift to branding patterns, and support multi-brand and monolith strategies.
The shift to mass consumption has been broader in core consumption than in the previous phase, where businesses need to operate more flat and finer channels to reach more effective core customers. Companies cannot rely solely on the power of distributors at this stage; they also need to invest more resources to reach the end directly and to nurture consumers.
At the same time, the state cellar, as the company's dominant high-end brand, has been promoted for more than a decade and has been largely opened throughout the country, but requires deeper consumer intellectual occupation, which also requires direct input from the company from a higher dimension of the narrative.
Under the branding model, companies combine a variety of marketing techniques, depending on the local context, with models such as the Kutai model, the manufacturer “1+1” model, and the distributor-led model, in order to flatten better booster channels and strengthen end-control. Different models apply in different contexts, such as in regions where distributors are relatively weak (e.g., early Hebei).
Or in areas where it is difficult to engage (e.g. the early East and South China markets), the model of the manufacturer “1+1” and the subsidiary model can be used, at the core of which is the direct investment of the company’s operators to help the distributor open the market. The cellars are divided into end state cellars and consumer state cellars.
The core is the joint terminal platform, which harmonizes prices and profits, while the platform offers some vague returns. Since 2019, the Kutai model has been extended from Chengdu to markets like the North of China.
In recent years, companies have continued to innovate in consumer-breeding techniques, enhance consumer experience, and increase consumer stickyness. Companies have promoted the building of consumer vip clubs, such as the national cellars, the time-spans, and the conglomerates, which are aimed at the 1573 consumers of the national cellar, the time-slows, and the conglomerates, respectively.
In 2013, the company misjudged the situation.
In recent years, the flatening and fine-tuning of corporate channels has been effective in driving brands up and raising prices relatively well, reflecting real demand behind them. In 2021, the company fully completed the upgrading of its “channel-driven” model to “consumption-driven” patterns.
In the long run, the country’s guests are able to release their brand names, supporting the fundamentals; the specializations are returning to rapid growth, driving the growth up speed. The high-end wine cellars are actively pursuing the “100-city integration” program, continuing to push forward the “Easter, Nantu, and the Middle East” and continuing to build up the fundamentals (high-valued state cellars push the balance deep into the country, low).
In the medium and long term, high-end and sub-high-end price belts still have room to expand and watch the cellars and features grow steadily along with the industry. The future cellars and specials are expected to be driven by double wheels.
The product perspective is growing: deep nationalization of the cellars, special powers, multi-brand co-development, sound development of the cellar, sustained optimization of product and collection structures.
The company adheres to the brand strategy covered by the full price belt of "Two Brands, Three Serieses, Big Monument" and builds the product structure of the "Tap Point, Towers, Tucky." The product structure of the company is a tower structure, with the top of the tower being the state cellar 1573, emphasizing the height and reputation of the brand.
The party market was followed by the launch of a 1952-coded, sub-high-end track for strategic new products; Taki was a brand of other brands, with an emphasis on width and market ownership, covering the public market with a head and a duplex, followed by a new high-light and black-coated high-light bottle market.
Growth point 1: High-level domestication, low-level rapid release, including North China, high-level cellars continue to grow with deep nationalization, low-lying cellars are expanding their contribution in North China and East China, and sales are expected to reach $20 billion in 2022, and are now in an incremental phase at a high base.
The most important captures and sharp tools of high-end and nationalization have now been completed. In 2006, the country sold 1,448 tons, the third highest-end single item after Bao-Fu. In 2018, the public sold more than $20 billion a year; in terms of sales, the cellar will reach more than 20,000 tons in the future.
The size of the cellar end sales was 10 billion, the size of the vault accounts was 10 billion in 2020, the position of the third largest single item at the top level was consolidated, the volume of the cellar sales increased more than sixfold during the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan (2015-2020), the annual compound growth rate, the size of the cellar sales was close to 18 billion yuan in 2021, the volume of the cellar sales was close to 20 billion yuan in 2022, and the country's sales were nearly two years old.
The cellars still have a great potential for growth in the 1,000-dollar belt. The cellars have 1573 classics as the company’s most important core of 1,000-dollars, with large singles, including high and low state cellars.
Chinese taste has been introduced as a super-high-end strategic monolith, with high-end marketing, with a view to continuously upgrading the brand position, leading consumers to recognize the high level of the cellar. At the moment, the high- and low-level cellars are developing together, with the former leading the way to the height of the brand, and the latter contributing to the upgrading of the brand, which is different.
At present, the low-country cellar sales exceed the high-level cellars, and the income is still the growth catch 1 - the high-level cellar: deep nationalization is on the way, high-end brands are strong and are expected to grow steadily. Thousands of-bit products are the key to corporate branding, increasing brand value, and strengthening consumers.
Brand recognition has always been the firm’s top priority. While the low cellars have shown faster growth in recent years, they remain the company’s strategic focus, with prices being measured in a way that allows mature regulation and prices to follow the competition closely, based on a balance between brand positioning and market acceptance.
Growth catch 2 - Low domestic cellars: fully benefiting from the 600-dollar price expansion dividend and the trend towards pan-nationalization, increasing their share in major marketing markets such as China North and opportunities such as China East. In the last two years, the cellars have benefited significantly.
Markets such as the Sea, the South, and others are starting fast. In North China, where companies are distorting the five grains with low cellars, competition, where the low cellars are the strongest single item in the North China market, and where the size of the lower cellar is almost equal to that of the North China market.
(a) Lower cellars are more profitable and more aggressive; (b) lower cellar markets are more based and more sophisticated in operation; (c) lower cellars are more well-pricing, with companies using the direct camp model, direct terminal control, and more control over prices: (d) five grain fluids are strategically heavy in the north China market.
The heart is high five, with relatively little input into low five grain fluids. The company’s strategic positioning of low cellars at the moment is to respond to the trend of low-downness and expand the market where there are opportunities (with the exception of North China’s low-selling areas, the share of low-lying countries such as Shanghai, Xian and South Sudan has increased, and some have not sold at all before).
It's now worth tens of millions of dollars, and it's about ensuring a healthy distribution of power and resources between the high and low cellars. Grown-up 3 – the old cellar 1952: launch of the strategic new state cellars with a positive layout of 600-800 dollars, plus a sub-high-end market with low-lying country guests. In October 2021, the company launched a sub-high-end strategic innovation.
At the same time, it is an important part of the rejuvenation of the brands of the old cellars in Lianzhou, with a view to raising the image of the brand in Lianzhou. The brand name of the new one is a tribute to the "Four Wines" that was won by the old cellars of Liang in 1952 at the first national wine fair.
The old wines of more than a year old are smelting and the product is of great quality. For the time being, the cellars have been hatched by the cellar team in line with the concept of operation of the cellar 1573, which focuses on branding, not rushing to share, the company has selected 32 markets to be put in, and the process of market import is smooth. With the benefit of sub-high alcohol expansion, the old cellar is expected to increase its contribution in 1952.
Number. Provides new growth points for companies. Figure 18: Distribution ceremony of 1952 products in the Penthouses, Luang County.
The provincial capital and the developed cities of Washington and South China, with Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Chengdu, as the strategic lead brand of the old cellar department in Chenzhou, Wuhan as the strategic city, with the first year of quota supply and the end-of-consortium approach.
The new growth pole of the Xingzhou old cellar, $19,52899/bottle high-line sub-end, and the branding of the Xinzhou old cellar series, growth point 2: the mid-student has been steadily released, and the cellar has been launched at the top of the 1952 high-line sub-end.
The old word's special station is stable at over $300 and steady, and the 60th edition of the special is aimed at expanding the country's acupuncture and silvo masters at the same time playing elite business wine. In recent years, the resources have been tilted towards the specials, which are now stronger in Kawakawa and Huabei, and the silos are developing in the southwest and in the southeast and in the east.
In the old cellar, the concept of "shelter age" was introduced, and the elite business consumption groups were identified. The initial location of the cellar age was between the state cellar and the specials, and since 2017, the company has focused its resources on the specials, while at the same time focusing on the layout of the product on the development of the cellar age of 60 and 90 years, with the exception of Tequila.
Price space, on the regional layout, is a regional lopsided development of the wines and features, building their own strong regional markets based on the consumer base. In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the specials in Sichuan, Hebei, Anhui, etc., and in the consumption climate in emerging markets such as East and Northwestern China.
In 2018, sales of the old special number stood at 300 or more prices, and in the second half of 2021, they began to re-enter the fast-growing drive. The old word is a reboot of the rejuvenation of the old cellar brands. In July 2019, the company introduced the old word.
The tenth generation of specials has been completely upgraded in terms of quality, forgery prevention, and experience, with retail prices of $328 per bottle. With the company’s continued nurturing, the tenth-deutonic terminal price has been rising, and is now on a 300-dollar price band, successfully entering the lower end of the spectrum, with a strong emphasis on brand advantage and value-for-money advantage in the same price band.
Since 2021, with the success of the old-word feature, growth began to pick up, and the 2021 old-word feature was one of the fastest-growing products of the company. The 2022 old-word special bought better and now has a very high share, and the company's future plans for the high- and low-value product will be 300 dollars, and it's 300 dollars.
In May of this year, the market was republished in the 1960s as the country's “industrial and agricultural medal” specializing in high-end white and white wine markets, using the group purchase model and the “limited quota supply” sales model, and insisting on the marketing of the circle. As brand power grew, the 60th edition of the special song was upgraded in the company's brand matrix.
In 2018, the 60th edition of the special song was launched as a nationalized product, moving from Kawasaka to the whole country with an annual sales value of 750 million, with more than 50% of Cagr in 2014-2018.
Two billion-grade markets, one 30 million-grade market, eight million-level market, have been created in Chengdu and Kanzhou, and 400-600-dollar price bands have become powerful brands in the sub-region. In 2019, the 60th edition of the special song continued to expand its scope and image, and a three-year development plan has been drawn up: by 2021, it will create 2 billion monoliths and become a single product.
The 60 editions of the special feature have gradually moved to circulation, and all channels have been well tested since the introduction of the 60 editions of the special edition, which have been purchased by the Main Attack Business Group, because of the quality and reputation of the product, in the Kawachi region.
The 2022 editions of the special 60 have been piloted in Chengdu, Chongqing, and Chenzhou, and are well advanced. The 60 editions of the special are now moving from Kawasaka to the whole country in China and China.
In October 2022, the company launched a special 60-page dress (60 red) tailored to the caterer market, and the appearance was added to it.
The country’s traditional element of celebration, with a price of $688 per bottle, is now being promoted mainly in areas such as Kawasaka, where the 60th edition of the special is now in a better mood for regular sales. The 60th edition of the special has grown steadily in recent years, with sales in 2018 exceeding $700 million and in 2019 falling 1 billion; in 2021 it reached $1.6 billion; and in January/August 2022, the 60th edition of the special.
Figure 21: Feature 60, born in 2014 and purchased by the Main Attack Business Group. Figure 22: Special 60 (Red 60) in 2022, retail value of $688.
In recent years, the company has learned about the two main trends of "light bottles plus sub-high ends" based on a 100-dollar light bottle track.
In October 2020, the company responded to the launch of the New Luxury White Wine, which was the first to be located in the old cellar.
Three-growth curves, of which g3 proposes retail prices of $698 per bottle. In 2021, the company upgraded the two-track brands in the low-end wine, introduced the new black caps, proposed a retail price of $98 per bottle, located the middle class 's rations, played the high-light bottle market. The company positioned the black cap as an important growth pole for the low-end wine, and developed three for it.
Annual Development Plan 2021-2022, Year 2023-2024, Year 2023, Year 2025, Year of Brand Explosion, while calling for a cumulative target of 10 billion dollars in sales and 1.5 million terminal points over the 14th Five-Year Period. Black cover was selected to operate in 2022 in about 20 priority cities in East and South China.
Figure 23: Introduction of new products high light in 2020, g3 recommended retail price of $698/bottle, Figure 24: launch of new product black cap diagonal in 2021, recommended retail price of $98/bottle.
The size of the company's sales is mainly concentrated in the north and southwest of China, where the market is now the company's “food warehouse market.”
More than 30% and about 30% respectively; China, China, China, and South China have yet to expand further and are now in the early stages of completion, but the development has been uneven. According to the sub-brands, the cellars have been initially nationalized, and the volume of the five grain fluids in the north and southwest of China and China is initially equal, but they have yet to be further advanced in the regions of China, China, China, and South China.
Regionalization of the special is even more evident, with sales in Sichuan, Hebei, Shandong accounting for more than 70%, and there is much room for growth in other regions such as the East and South China. Building on the Southwest and North China Base Markets, it continues to boost the rise of the Eastward South Map.
In 2017, the company proposed a development strategy for the “rise of the East to the South” to consolidate the traditional “basket market,” which continues to sink to the counties while continuing to sink to the counties.
In South China, the Henan region has increased its investment to enable the cellar to grow from its main market to the east and south to the centre. In the area of market construction, companies have also proposed double “124” projects (consumers “124” and terminal “124” fission works) and “one million-town shops” projects to drive the base market deeper into fission, a strong market base, and a strong market base.
The strategic market expansion breakthroughs and the rapid deployment of empty markets have resulted in a nationalization development and a combination of markets in an incremental region of 1: South-West and North-East China as strong base markets, with a steady increase in regional depth: South-West: a home market, a pilot region for the channel model, and a strong back-up for the nationalization of the cellars.
Southwest is the company's main market, headed by Sichuan, which has grown more mature, brands and channels, providing basic financial support to the company. In 2017, Sichuan received 38% of Bida.
In 2019, the Sichuan wine consumption was about $40 billion, of which the single-dulum white-gum could account for about $18 billion. Sichuan was the core market in the old cellar, and all of them were the core players in the company’s energy.
During the 2014 industry adjustment period, companies were under very high sales pressure, which led to the introduction of the Kutai model, which continuously strengthened terminal controls and contributed significantly to the sale of the national cellar. With the company’s continued expansion and the help of the Kutai model, its market share in Sichuan is now close.
North China: It is a strong base market that competes with low-level customers in different places, and low-level customers have a strong 600-bit advantage. The North China market, including the regions of Kyunjin, north-east, and Shanxi, has been a powerful market for companies, brands, and channels.
In 2017, the North China market accounted for about 19% of the total, and it was the third largest market for companies; in 2021, the North China market sold more than the South West, making it the company’s largest market. From the very beginning of the market, the country’s cellars operated as a major market, and the size of the North China market is now equal to that of the five grains.
Under the company’s many years of operation, the low-priced cellars have become a powerful feature, particularly in low-lying cellars such as Beijing, Tianjin, Tangshan, and others. The company’s direct venture in North China combines the channel model of “1+1” for large businesses and manufacturers, with Beijing, Tianjin, and Shijiang as the direct-account model.
The markets of south-west and north-west China are more mature, and it is hoped that robust growth will be secured by continued cultivation, while raising prices and lowering fees are expected to boost profits. In mature markets, the cellars are growing at a depth of regional depth, and two.
It is price increases and the introduction of differentiated or individualized products, such as 46-degree cellars and 568 Hong Kong. In addition, some mature markets have moved gradually from the stage of cost inputs to the stage of growth or maturity of brand power release, moderate cost contractions, combined with feedback from channels, and the share of costs in the North China market cellar has dropped from 8 to 10 per cent before.
5-8%: Sichuan’s cost ratio has fallen to 2-3%. In the incremental region, the Chinese brand is growing and there is much room for expansion.
China’s high economic development and income levels and its ability to consume it are one of the major consumer markets for white wine in our country, which, according to the start-up consulting statistics, was sold on a scale of about $150 billion in 2019. In 2017, the company reopened the market, started recruiting, and proposed that the Shanghai market would focus on image and core circles.
In 2019, the company opened the War of the East China Club, enhanced consumer contact and contact, and the group buyer level was completed. In 2021, the channel model of many of the regions of the country was locally based.
Market characteristics have been fine-tuned and alliances have been formed to address price and profit issues in an integrated manner, as in the case of two major firms in Hangzhou, which led to the creation of a distributors' union, in some regions where large distributors and tobacco hotels have formed a core terminal union, and in others where subsidiaries have been adopted (the Kutai model).
In 2022, the company began laying low-lying cellars in the east of China, and began to do so in Shanghai, Sunam, etc. South China: the consumption base of strong white wine is relatively weak, and companies continue to promote consumer growth.
South China’s market economy has a high level of development and income, but the consumption climate for ocean and soup is relatively strong and the consumption base for strong white wine is relatively weak. In South China, companies operate the market in the 1+1 model of manufacturers, and in recent years have been active in building channels and consumer development around the Pearl Triangle.
In China, the market was optimized through a breakthrough in marketing through the Congress. The market was dominated by Henan. In China, the share of the market in 2017 was 27%, and in 2021 it was more than 10%.
The size of the market is about $40 billion, of which the market for high-end wine is over $10 billion. The gap between the old cellar and the competition is large.
Right. In search of a new marketing breakthrough, in May 2020, the company launched a Chinese war in Henan, setting out a three-year marketing target (the 2020-2022 sales plan reached $5/7.12 billion), dividing Henan into four war zones, one for the west, one for the north, one for the south, and one for the south, under the direct authority of the managers of the four regions of the southwest, northwest, northeast China and south central and south China.
A national marketing elite, based on the Kutai model, has set up a special company of dealers to expand the network of channels at considerable cost, to develop end consumers, and to promote further sinking and fine-tuning of channels (the number of Chuzhou terminals doubled to around 2,000 in 2020). The war began in 2020, with sales in the south of the country's cellar amounting to more than $500 million, which was created.
In the last two years, Henan market sales have been significantly affected by the outbreak and flooding, but given the gradual development of the state cellar in the south of the river, there is hope for a return to robust growth in the future.
Assumptions: increased consumption of the benefits, high- and medium-grade alcohol is expected to rise at a national rate. 1) High- and medium-grade alcohol in companies includes, inter alia, 1573 in the state cellar, the old succulent in the state, and the 100-year-old succulent in the state. We believe that there is room for growth in the price of high-quality alcohol in the future.
1: In the high-end wine cellar, the high-end cellar is now firmly nationalized, and the low-lying cellars are gradually being used in areas such as north and east of China; in the middle-rate special, the old-word special and 60 editions of the special are being sold in the south-west, etc. The momentum is positive and is expected to be steadily released through regional expansion in the future.
Price 2: The rise in the consumption of white wine, which has been hampered by the epidemic and macroeconomic effects for the last two years, is a long-term trend, with an increase in the consumption of white wine and an increase in the price of main currents. Considering the recovery of income levels and consumption in the current context of immunization optimization, and based on the company’s strong branding and channeling power, we believe that there is still a future for medium- and high-quality alcohol.
4 Māori ratio: Given the steady nationalization of the high-end wine cellars, and the positive trend in the sale of the middle-grade wine special and the age of the cellars, the product structure of the high-quality wine in the company is expected to improve steadily, with the expected high-quality alcohol ratio of 2 in the middle of 2022-2024.
Low-end wine is expected to lead to income growth through a ton price increase. 1: Low-grade alcohol has been restructured in recent years, significantly reducing the bar code of low-end products, focusing on resources to build cores. Combined with low-grade alcohol sales at a combined rate of -22% in 2016-2021, we expect low-grade alcohol to grow at a combined rate of -22%.
Price 2: In recent years, low alcohol has continued to contribute to product structural upgrading through controlled price hikes, upgrades, etc., such as the headlines, which have been shrinking in recent years: the high light market for big light bottles in 2020: the second curve in 2021 upgraded to a new black cap. We believe that low alcohol will still have some potential and room for price increases in the future.
4 Māori ratio: management cost: considering the scale effect of rising corporate income, given that the future black cap dichotomy, high-light high-light high-light light cylinders have been cultivated and gradually started to be released, enter 1) sales cost: taking into account the company ' s increasing brand and channel performance and the costs of fine-tuning and digital marketing 2)
Sensitivity and scenario analysis of profit projections The pace of price increases for corporate products, the speed of product structure increases, and the extent of regional expansion will determine the growth of net future profits for companies. We divide profit projections into optimistic, neutral and pessimistic projections, and neutral projections.
Taking into account the company ' s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation to estimate the company ' s soundness, using the fcfe and fcff valuation methods, based on the above-mentioned main assumptions, to arrive at a sensitivity analysis of the value range between companies as absolute valuations.
The absolute valuation is more sensitive than the wacc and constant growth rates, and the following is an analysis of the sensitivity of the firm’s absolute valuation to these two causes of change. There are now nearly 20 companies listed in the white wine industry, based on the competitive patterns of the white wine industry and the company’s high-end white wine leader.
One is the position of the company that chose to collect the first line of white wine of more than $20 billion, Guozhou, the five grains, the Shanxi Liquor, and the Yani River shares. As of 9 January 2023, the white wine industry index pe (ttm) was about 36 times, or about 28 times the average of the white wine company ' s 2023 dynamics.
In order of high-end brand power, Mao Dai is the most powerful leader in the white industry, followed by five grains of fluid, followed by a third in the old cellar, followed by a bottle of wine. Mao and five grains of fluid are now in their maturity, and the wine and company are growing faster than the bottom five. Market investors give to fast-growing and highly determinative companies.
Considering that the company, as one of the leading high-end white wine leaders, has a strong brand and channel, and against the backdrop of a general trend towards increased industry consumption, steady expansion of high-end alcohol and concentration of famous wine, the national cellar and specials are expected to be nationalized in depth, but the valuation is based on more hypothetical assumptions, especially from the company over the next few years.
The calculation of cash flows, the calculation of weighted capital costs (wacc), the assumption of tv growth rates and the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies all add to the judgement of a large number of individuals: the high annual free cash flow calculation is leading to the risk of an optimistic valuation;
The impact of weighted capital costs (wacc) on corporate valuations is very high, and we assume a windless rate of 2.5 per cent and a risk premium of 6.5 per cent in the calculation of Wacc, and there may still be a risk of low estimations or take-off of these parameters, resulting in lower wacc calculations, leading to an overvaluation of corporate valuations;
After a major negative change in the years, the company ' s continued growth was either low or negative in real terms, resulting in the company ' s estimation,4 and relative valuation, when we chose to compare companies with or close to the company ' s business, the industry and the comparable company ' s average dynamics of 2023 were used as references for relative valuations, taking into account the reasons for the company ' s growth.
5. If the industry’s climate declines, resulting in pressure on the valuation of listed companies in the plate, it may have a greater impact on the relative valuation level of companies.1 The risk of macroeconomic volatility: the industry in which companies operate is more affected by macroeconomics, such as macroeconomics.
(b) The overall demand in the industry is not as high as expected: if macroeconomic growth slows down or per capita income drops, it may result in a negative impact on the consumption demand of white liquor terminals;
It affects the overall willingness to consume white wine, which in turn affects the sales of all companies in the industry.3 Prices have not risen as much as expected: in recent years, the white wine industry has seen a rise in parities, and price increases are the main tribute to income, and sales of products may not be as high as expected.
1. Increased risks of competition in the industry: As the industry continues to accelerate its concentration towards niches, brands and production capabilities ... More emphasis will be placed on branding, product marketing and channel development, and competition in the white industry will become more intense, especially with regard to sub-higher and lower-middle-end alcohol prices, which are not yet fixed.
2. Unexpected marketing of high-end products: if macroeconomic growth slows or per capita income drops, it may have an impact on the willingness to consume high-end white wine, thereby affecting demand for high-end white wine, leading to under-sales of high-end products by companies, and regional expansion below the expected risk: nationalization is one of the core growth points for companies in the future, if in the future.
Regional expansion is less than expected, and corporate performance may also increase less than expected. Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author