Secondary Market Enterprise Research - Gore (002241) 2020secondMarketresearch - goerteckinc. (002241)
In the year 2020, the market was changed - gateckinc. (002241) Reporting labels: electronics, consumer electronics, alot
As the first Internet business advisory platform for the B2b model artificial intelligence technology in the mainland region of China, it has developed a one-stop industry service system that combines industrial research, political and business advice, industrial planning, and trade services at fairs, integrating multiple resources and working to provide users with the most professional, complete and time-consuming industry and enterprise database services to help them.
Users build knowledge together, share property rights. Companies work on the basis of high-quality business resource sharing, using technology such as big data, block chains and artificial intelligence, around industrial focus, hotspot issues, based on rich case and big data, bringing together the wisdom of the community through open collaborative research platforms, promoting healthy, orderly and sustainable development of the industry.
Four core services: Cloud Institute Services Campus Planning, Industrial Planning
Customized reporting services for enterprises, management, industry summit planning, award selection, industry, local industrial planning, campus business incubation services
Services such as counseling, strategic adjustment, technical support services from the reporting library and the internal research team, the small cheetah program - the microscopic search for the "head leopard" and the two-dimensional reading study above the cell phone.
Gore Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter Gore shares, stock code 002241) was established in 2001 and is mainly engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of precision and zero components of audio-optics and sophisticated structures, smart machines, high-end equipment. On the value chain, Gore shares built a vertically integrated platform for precision processing and intelligent manufacturing, providing a full range of services to clients. There are now stable, long-term strategic partnerships with a number of well-known enterprises in the consumer electronics sector. In 2020 h1, Gore's smart-sounder business received $6,508 million, a 25.1 per cent increase compared to 25.1 per cent, representing 41.8 per cent of total revenues; Enterprise Smart Hardware business received $3.61 billion, a 8.4 per cent decline compared to 8.4 per cent compared to 23.2 per cent compared to 23.2 per cent; and Enterprise Smart Zero Component Business.
Gore’s overall profitability and solvency are weak and low in the industry, while overall growth and operational capacity are high in the industry. In terms of profitability, the gross rate of gewer’s gross profit in 2019, net interest rates, roe below the corresponding benchmark for the enterprise, = 19 years’ net interest rates and roe growth are back on track compared to 2018.
In terms of operational capacity, accounts receivable and inventory turnover increased gradually in 2019, indicating an increase in the use of enterprise funds and in the liquidity of inventory assets. In terms of solvency, the gradual increase in the asset-liability ratios of enterprises in 2019 indicates a decline in the long-term solvency of the enterprise, while the liquidity-to-speed ratio is declining, indicating a decline in the liquidity and short-term solvency of the enterprise’s assets.
The tws headphone business, which is at the core of the Ghor stock growth, is expected to continue to grow in productivity and profitability as tws are released and the tws headphone business is developed, and the tws headphone replacement block in Gore's smart voice business is expected to reach $171-19.6 billion in 2020: (1) Apple End: driven by the need for an airpods switch, the teaching of preferential marketing activities and the elimination of wired headphones from the iphone 12, it is expected that the airpods series will produce more than 80 million copies per year in the second half of 2020.
With the optimising rate, the leopards expect to contribute $15.6 billion to the airpods surrogate; (2) Andre: with the increased volume and concentration of the Andrettws headphones market, Gore shares will increase further and are expected to grow to $1.54 billion in 2020. With the advent of the 5g era, the ar/vr equipment markets will accelerate their penetration, benefiting Gore shares in a number of subsectors in the ar/vr equipment chain layouts.
Gore shares, through R & D + investment, are actively deployed in the ar/vr area to provide downstream customers with “parts + whole” integration programmes. With regard to parts and components in the ar/vr, Gore shares are already equipped with optical components, sensors, display systems, optical modules, etc., research and development, design and manufacturing capabilities, and integrated capabilities are at the forefront of the industry. Gore shares with strong R & D capabilities, rich technical experience and high-quality passenger resources in the ar/vr replacements are in the lead in surrogate business and are in a promising future.
An overview of the tws headphone industry. Gore shares tws headphones.
Smart wear business analysis. Precision zero component business analysis.