The tws headphones are increasing in size, and the precision of the inner work is growing.
Gore shares are mainly engaged in sophisticated zero components such as acoustics, sensors, photovoltaics, 3d envelopes, etc., involving the development, manufacture, and marketing of smart hardware such as virtual/enhanced reality, smart wear, smart audio, robotics, etc. Companies have now established a global leader in integrated competitiveness in a number of areas.
The revolution in the headphones of the airpods, where Andre's baton opened up a new era of consumer electronic ecology, not only created the new type of tws headphones, but also ignited the market's vast imagination of future smart hardware.
In this ecology, vr/ar, smart watch/handring are the two areas most likely to explode. According to idc, vr/ar head sales will continue to grow at a combined annual rate of 46.7%/140.9%, respectively.
Gore shares are now one of the major suppliers of voice parts/scoffs to this large client, since they have been cut into the apple chain. The company has been expanding to tws headphones, vr/ar, and smart wears, highlighting the fact that the future is expected to continue to benefit as consumer electronics develop.
The main areas of use are consumer electronic speakers, and the latter are made of mems structures to accumulate for companies.
The company, as a leader in the manufacturing segment, is expected to benefit from the widespread demand for mems in a wide range of areas, such as automobiles and space.
tws headphones lead to an increase in the number of tws headphones, and precision in-manufacturing is growing. The change in the technical trend of 2020-07-08 has led upstream customers to replace downstream suppliers.
1) tws headphones: Airpods are now in a stable period and are expected to be in a stable period after having experienced a decline in the price of the pre-period items.
Gear remained stable in 2020-2022. As for Andretws headphones, it is assumed that prices will be 4.3 per cent and 10.8 per cent of company users in the series of headphones in 2020 compared to 2021 and 19.4 per cent projected for 2020.) Smart bracelets/watches: assuming that the company is in the watch/handring part of the watch/handring and only supplies watches/handrings to Andre millers.
The entire aircraft, assuming that the non-a watch/handring annual output is maintained at a 20 per cent rate and that the prices are stable. 4) Precision zero components: microphones, looking first at a client, assuming that a customer ' s mobile phone will be sold at a 5 per cent rate in 2020-2022, and that Gore ' s share of its output will remain unchanged; and the company ' s overall share of non-a customers is assumed to be 40 per cent.
Mems microphones, in conjunction with the related advisory body ' s projections, assume that the product ' s output from 2020-2022 will reach 6% cagr and that its price will remain stable due to the difficult decline in the unit price of the microphone as a zero component.
1) The market view suggests that the company’s business of related accessories is undermined by a decline in mobile phone output. We believe that the cost-free electronic output is expected to improve, partly because the epidemic is being brought under control, and partly because the effectiveness of the company’s new marketing strategy has been further validated by the market.
2) Market views suggest that acoustic innovation has slowed down and that the future course of company acoustic-related business has become narrower. We believe that companies, starting from acoustics, have now accumulated deep manufacturing processes in the mems field; as opposed to acoustics, mems, as a lower manufacturing technology, will be used not only in consumer electronics, but in cars and cars.
In a wide range of areas, such as space, universal applications and the company ' s mems track are expected to be wider.a The overall trend is one in which the company ' s customers are expected to make good deliveries of new products, the consumer electronics industry is not recovering as much as expected; the speed of penetration of smart hardware is not as high as expected; and technological trends are making it possible.a
Upstream clients replace downstream suppliers. Detailed splits of company revenue history and profit projections1 , Gore shares: acoustic whole machines and sophisticated zero component integration manufacturers
Acoustic whole machines and solution providers that combine sophisticated zero components Gore shares in sophisticated zero-component operations such as acoustics, sensors, photovoltaics, 3d-enhancement modules related to the development, manufacture and branding of smart hardware such as virtual/enhanced reality, smart wear, smart audio, robotics, etc.
Marketing. The company was listed in May 2008. A global leader in several fields has been established. Figure 1: The Gore stock company's development history. Gore's main business is divided into three main sections, namely, acoustics, smart hardware, and sophisticated zero components.
The combination of fast-paced technologies has created an integrated solution with a unique competitive advantage. The company’s smart soundings module business has grown significantly in the year, generating a business income of up to 14.823 billion yuan, or 8,514 million yuan, or 24.22%, of the annual smart sounding module business income.
3. Precision zero components: The main products of this module are sensors, microphones, microphones and receivers, antennas, optical modules, etc., which are dominated by microphones and mems microphones. The company is in the precision zero group, which accounts for 30.22% of the total collection.
At present, Mr. Kang Bin is actually in control of Gore shares, in addition to Mr. Kang Yong, who is one of the company’s major shareholders. As of the latest announcement of 28 April 2020, Mr. Kang Bin held 11.56% of shares directly and Mr. Kang Long 6.02% of the shares; and they held both indirectly through the holding of the Gore Group Limited.
With 17.99 per cent of Gore shares, Mr. Kang Bin actually held 28.22 per cent of the company ' s shares, and Mr. Kang Long 7.35 per cent. 1.3, Gore shares, net profits are growing at a very high rate, benefiting from the tws ' turnover.
The company’s deployment of smart hardware and its net profit growth have returned to normal. The company’s net return profits for 2015-2019 showed clear signs of warming in the downstream industries and a more pronounced increase in operating earnings and net return earnings, respectively.
Companies have been actively expanding their overseas operations abroad, carrying out deep layouts of overseas markets, and maintaining a global perspective and ownership in the increasingly intense pattern of international competition.
The company’s share of income from overseas businesses is clear, with the company’s core customers being identified for the last three years as having more than one consumer of electronics overseas. The product business is fully active, and the revenue from the sound business has increased significantly.
In the period 2018-2019, the exact zero component received $9,931 million in revenue and $10,622 million in revenue, representing a decline in comparison with 2018, with a significant difference in the quantity and quality of the smart acoustic fixtures. In the period 2018-2019, the smart acoustics business received $6,813 million and 1,422 million, which accounted for the entire battalion.
The reasons behind the significant expansion of the acoustic business are the result of a rapid increase in the delivery of tws and the steady development of smart hardware operations. It is estimated that in the future, tws will have a better operation of 18.82% in 2018, mainly influenced by the layout of the business, a smart sound machine and intelligence.
The Maori rate for hardware is significantly lower than that for sophisticated zero components, and during the expansion of smart acoustics, it has led to a windfall in gross profits, as expected, until the company’s business has stabilized and its performance has fluctuated or will levelle. Airpods has revolutionized their headphones, and Andre has expanded its market with a stick tws.
2.1. tws headphone products are in high demand downstream, and market space tws headphones refer to real wireless stereos. tws headphones change the shape of previous headphones and remove the physical wires required for traditional headphones, but form body voices through bluetooths.
Systems. The release of Airpods in 2016 meant that the new consumer electronics class - the tws headphones - was born, and that the “real wireless” bluetooth headphones were about to explode. Global headphone technology went through three stages: wired headphones - ordinary bluetooth headphones.
Figure 10: Headphone development history tws headphone industry includes upstream chip components and programme manufacturers, medium- or surrogate assembly, downstream terminals, Figure 11: tws headphone industry chain
At present, tws headphones are dominated by the Airpods series launched by Apple Corporation, the Freebuds series produced by Andre's mobile phone company, the Mi's Wireless Bluetooth Headphone Air2 and others, as well as the Senheser Walkers, tws3, sonywf-1000xm3, b&obeoplaye83.0, jblt280tws, etc. launched by traditional audio manufacturers.
The main advantage of tws headphones over conventional headphones is that they're really wireless: they don't have to be wired to solve the wired constraints of the traditional headphones. And about two headphones can be perfected by blue and tooth set-up of their body system, plus professional sound collection and noise reduction techniques.
Two-ear stereos: improve sound quality and improve the quality of conversations. From a product point of view, audio video is the most user-focused focus on tws headphones, so noise abatement is an essential technology for tws.
Multiple senses: enhance user experience, create intelligent voice. Small size: comfortable, easy to use, easy to carry. Global tws wireless headphone sales are expected to reach 230 million. With new global smartphones, tablets, etc.
A generation of consumer electronic devices has spread rapidly, bluetooth technology has increased and user demand has increased, and the tws headphone industry has come up with new development opportunities. In 2016, tws headphones, represented by the first generation of airpods, reached 9.18 million items worldwide, followed by tws headphones as a result of the introduction of new airpods and non-a companies into the market.
The volume of goods has been rising, with 20 million, 46 million, 129 million in 2017-2019, corresponding to yoy research's projected global sales of tws wireless headphones to reach 230 million by 2020. Apple is at the forefront in terms of sales and sales of tws headphones.
Second, the share of sales is only 6.39 per cent, well below 47 per cent of apples; second in sales, beats are selling 6.11 per cent, also far below 62 per cent of apples, while domestic firms are no longer included in top 5, which is related to the strategic positioning of the value-for-money of millet.
2.2 The advantages of the airpods are evident, and the volume of shipments continues to rise. To date, Apple has launched three airpods, the first generation, the second generation of airpods, which support wireless charging, and the first generation of airpodspro, which supports active noise mitigation.
Normal bluetooth audio devices can only connect one to one, while tws headphones have been cut off from two earplugs, and one to two when connected to a cell phone. Apple uses snoop listening mode in the airpods to solve the problem, but apples have technically blocked this technology, which has also led to airpods.
The stability and delay are better than that of other manufacturers, and specifically, the advantages of airpods are as follows: open boxes are connected, seamlessly connected. Airpods automatically turn on as soon as they are removed. Click on the device to make sure that the connection is done without mobile search and identification devices. At the same time, traditional blue-tooth switches are often required.
You need to disconnect the original connection and then connect to the new device, and the airpods don't need to open the new device and click directly, lightly and easily, to continue the voyage for a long period of time. The airpods are 30.9 mm high, 21.8 mm wide, depth is hours, and the airpodspro can provide more than 24 hours of extra charge in conjunction with the wireless charger.
The core fittings work together and the connection is stable without delay. All the breakthrough products of the airpods are driven by customized applew1 chips. It not only allows for extremely efficient wireless connections, but also allows for better management.
Battery lifetime. Voice-accelerating sensors recognize speaking time and use a pair of beams to form microphones to filter the sound except for noise and focus on the voice of the user. Optical sensors and motion acceleration meters are used in conjunction with w1 chips to control the use of audio and microphones automatically so that both left and right ears can be used separately.
After Apple launched the Airpods series in 2016, the volume of airpods increased steadily, to 65 million in 2019, an increase of 132.14 per cent over the same period. idc projected that the 2020 and 2021 airpods airpodsprospros started to be sold in September 2019, so that the volume began to grow in the fourth quarter of 2019.
According to the Global Network, the share of airpodspro in the overall airpods could be about 40% or more in 2020, by which it can be predicted that applesairpods and airpodspro will be delivered and collected. The increase in 2020 and 2021 may be due to the failure to consider possible new items and the effects of the epidemic.
Airpods, though light, contain up to 28 major components, such as an appleh1 wireless communication chip, an accelerometer, and an ldo stabilizer, which are more sophisticated and complex than other headphones. In terms of key components to enhance user experience, the core h1 chip is designed by the apple itself and handed over to the desktop electric replacement; the power management chip is based on the idea.
Semiconductor and Texas instrument in charge; accelerated sensor from Bosch; Gore shares mainly in mems microphones. Table 2: Apple's new airboards spare parts supplier 2.3, Bluetooth chip and leaudio co-contribution to the Andretws market outbreak.
Technology breaks through to help Andretws headphones get closer to airpods. With apples blocking the snoop mode, early non-Appletws manufacturers used the relay mode, i.e. audio from cell phones to left ear (main device) and left ear to right ear (from device). This mode needs to be retransmitted from left ear to right ear.
The process to the right ear will be less stable and delayed than the listening mode, and because of the main source of the device, single ear use will be significantly more effective than primary equipment, and it will not be able to be used in any single ear like a listening mode hospital. To overcome the above-mentioned vices of the transmission mode, Andretws headphones are being introduced.
A bluetooth chip close to snoop's listening mode. Standard low-power audio leaudio reconstructs the tws headphones.
Yes, it can also provide stronger support for hearing aid applications and support for audio sharing, and leudio promotes improved tws headphone performance mainly in the following two ways: low-power audio codecs bring better performance and lower-capacity. Leaudio uses a brand-new high-sounding voice.
Qualitative, low-power audio decoder lc3, which provides flexibility for manufacturers in the design of products. Developers can reduce product size and enhance audio quality by adopting new specifications lc3, while retaining the life of their original batteries. Multi-fluorescent audio technology provides better stereo listening. Leaudio can do this using multi-fluorescent audio technology.
Multiple and independent synchronization of audio flow transmissions. This will provide better stereo listening while improving the performance of tws headphones, and it will make it easier to switch between voice helper services and multiple audio sources.
There are currently as many as 24 headphone manufacturers, and there are more suppliers involved in bluetooth chips and charger chips, and the market has not yet formed a firm advantage for Andretws headphones. Gore shares are in the middle of the supply chain, mainly responsible for the production of tws headphones. In the area of surrogate services, there are only five suppliers.
The market size of the entire Andretws headphones is expected to be close to or even beyond the airpods. According to the counterpoint data, the ratio of the 2020 O1airpods to the Andretws is about 1:19.
As a result of the release of 5g mobile phones and the accelerated clean-up of old equipment by manufacturers, the share of smart mobile phones in the running android operating systems has increased to 87 per cent, while sales of iphones are expected to decline to 177.9 million in 2019, a 14.8 per cent decrease compared to the same period, leaving only 13 per cent of the market share in 2019, and about 6.7:1 ratio of Andre and Apple mobiles.
tws headphones are likely to be a smartphone. So, we can predict that Andretws' annual sales are expected to be six times as high as the airpods, and based on a comparison of Andretws and airpods prices, we believe that the overall market size of the Drottws headphones will be close to or even beyond the airpods and will be in the standard low-power audio leaudio.
With the help of the Andretws headphones, there is greater market development potential, and there is much room for future development. 2.4, Apple+Andre is a fast-growing user of Gore's tws headphones, Apples are a fast-growing engine of airpods, and Gore's shares are growing steadily. Apples go back to school to promote sales.
Typically, a beats headphone is given to students who purchase their equipment, whereas this year an airpods is given a cable-filled version, and an option is also available to upgrade to a second-generation wireless charger/airpodspro at $40/90.
In 2013, Gore shares began to embed into the Apple Airpods industry chain, providing mainly acoustic devices and anecdotes. In 2018, Gore shares classified the Acoustic Surgeon business as an important party and gradually turned back into the second largest-generation Appleairpods business.
Gore shares are working as a proxy for airpods general and noise reduction, and there are currently 14 airpods general production lines and 4 airpods at home and abroad (if Vietnam were the owner), with an average annual output of around 50 million.
Noise reduction can account for 40% of the total volume of airpods. Gore shares airpods (millions of items) Figure 19: Gore shares airpods business forecasts (billions)
Andretws is affected by the epidemic in the short term and will continue to grow rapidly in the long term. Andretws may be less than expected in 2020, and are expected to be around 100 million. The tws headphone penetration rate is around 6%, and will increase rapidly in the coming years. According to the annual volume of about 1.2 billion Andre mobile phones, combined with rapid growth.
Infiltration rates, we expect to reach 300 million in 2022. Gore shares, as the main supplier of Andrewtws headphones, have the capacity to provide customers with a variety of technology-based products, such as clairvoyant, optical, wireless communication, that can provide customers with a holistic solution and an integrated voice-optic system.
Substitute manufacturing services. The main co-operative clients are Huahua, Mi, Opo, Vivo, etc. Andretws are currently in a more competitive phase, and market concentration will increase as markets develop further, which will have a greater impact on some of the company’s Andre’s operations.
Wearable equipment is the sea of stars, smart watch/handring brightness 3.1. Wearable equipment mainly smart watch and bracelets. Wearable equipment that can be worn directly on humans hardware, which can be supported by software.
Technologies like data interaction and cloud interaction achieve powerful functions. Main product patterns that can be worn can be divided into four broad categories according to the support: wrist support (including products such as watches, bracelets, etc.)
Leg support (including products such as shoes, socks, etc.) Head support (including products such as glasses, headphones, etc.) Other types of non-mainstream product patterns
In recent years, the market heat for wearing equipment has been higher. According to data released by idc, even under the influence of covid-19, the sales of wearing equipment increased by at least 29.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2020, while the entire wearingable equipment plate, in addition to the recently hot tws headphones, was the same for wrist support products.
The two specific product forms most prominent in the wrist support products of the device are smart watches and smart watches: modern-day smart watches can generally be divided into two forms, one based on mobile operating systems such as adroid, with independent phone calls and Internet access, and can be considered to be reduced versions.
A mobile phone; the other form is based on a real-time operating system that does not have a separate mobile network module, which must be connected to other smart devices for use, which can receive calls from smart phones, text messages, etc.
A range of relevant data, such as sleep quality, dietary arrangements and habits, is synchronized to the user's mobile terminal equipment, which may also provide advice on how to achieve the user's goal of a healthy life.
As a concept of high interest in recent years, smart-dressed watches, coupled with the development of mobile Internet technology and the maturity of the core hardware of worn equipment, such as depleted chips, are increasingly demonstrating their rich functionality, meeting consumers' needs.
In 2019, according to data provided by the Institute of Technology, the estimated global output of smart watches was 626.3 million, with an annual growth rate of 42.6 per cent compared to the growth of products such as smartphones, and the demand for smart watches will grow further as consumers try to increase their willingness to do so.
Smart handrings, a device that can record data on exercise, sleep, diet, etc. in everyday life, are consistent with a growing focus on healthy social winds and are gaining consumer recognition.
The global volume of serviceable bracelets has reached 45 million, an increase of 65% over the same year, showing strong market dynamism. And the market space for smart bracelets will be further expanded as hardware like smart bracelets displays, chargers, etc., improves, coupled with more sophisticated, humanized software.
Figure 23: q3 global hand-carrying volume in 2019 3.1.2, smart-dressed apples and Andres.a Clients continue to account for the largest share of the global market in the first quarter of the year, while Andres industry accounts for considerable importance.
The customers, samsung, and garmin are all more competitive manufacturers.a The customer ' s applewatch series has been in the lead since it was marketed in 2014, one directly occupying the largest share of the smart watch market, with the apparel of software applications, breakthroughs in communication functions and health.
In 2019, 30.7 million deliveries were made, a record high. And the Andre camp was dominated by samsung, fitbit, h customers, etc. The volume of deliveries was impressive, for example, samsung, which has been growing steadily since 2016.
q1 Global Smart Watch Report, 2020, h Clients have gone beyond samsung to achieve the second largest number of smart watches in the world, and are powerful and active forces in Andre camp. The overall stocking of Andre Smart Watch is expected to continue to rise in 2020, and will be ready in the future.
The main brands of smart bracelets are h-clients, millet, fitbit, and so on, while in the last 2019,h customers and millet squeezed their market share of fitbits with lower sales prices and comparable functional strength. For example, Mi, with its strong domestic performance and active overseas expansion, was first in 2019.
Three-quarter champions with 12.2 million smart hand rings, 27% market share, 3.2, Gore shares: the world's leading supplier of smart wear products. Gore shares, as the world's leading provider of smart wear product solutions, can provide concepts, research, and development.
Makes a one-stop service. The company has design applications for mainstream smart watches, handrings, an asim stand-alone 4g call, a two-chip structure, 5atm design and manufacturing experience, and has a watch-os system and a variety of key algorithms, such as motion, heart rate, acoustics, etc.
Ghor shares a good partnership with and provides substitute services to companies such as h-clients and mills.h Clients’ latest Gt2 series of watches perpetuates and equips the first generation of watchgt long voyages.h
The self-researched neona1 chip, which was upgraded to the most useful sleep monitoring function, was well received by the consumer, with more than 1 million shipments in 45 days on the watch, and 78.8 per cent of the volume of shipments in 2019, the second largest in the world.
In the larger context of the increasing volume of products delivered by wearingable equipment, Gore shares will continue to work in depth with manufacturers such as h-clients, fitbit, millet, etc., which will also drive companies to continue to increase their income from wearing products and promote the continued growth of operating income from smart hardware plates.
3.3, vr/ar was on the eve of the outbreak 3.3.1, vr/ar enhancing human perception of the real world vr (virtualreality) refers to virtual reality technology.vr is a virtual world that can be created and experienced.
A computer simulation system that uses computers to generate a simulation environment, a multi-source, interactive three-dimensional dynamic view and physical behaviour system that immerses users in the environment.
The aim of this technology is to put the virtual world on the screen and interact with the real world. The complementarities between the ar and the vr are effective in achieving the human “enhanced” for the real world.
Vr differs from ar: vr uses computers to generate a simulation environment, a multi-source integrated, interactive three-dimensional dynamic view and a system simulation of physical behaviour that immerses the user in the environment.
Create a virtual environment. And the basic idea of the ar is to add images, sound and other sensory enhancements in real time to real-world environments.
In the world, the technology has to be combined with reality, less intelligent, less interactive, and no way to make people forget reality. 3. Different applications: vr is usually used in mass markets such as video games, and ar is usually used in industry and the military.
Figure 28: Technical principles diagrams for vr 3.3.2, vr/ar with a wide range of industrial chains benefiting from it Upstream: the hardware component consists mainly of optical lenses, display panels, chips (main control chips and sensors), etc.
The software component includes systems platforms (operational systems, api and apps), information processing tools (3d modelling and mapping) The hardware component includes the display of modules and modification mechanisms, etc., and the software component includes the development of functions such as action capture, visual tracking and voice processing;
Downstream: services for vr applications, including various vr end-products, technology-oriented, video-oriented, etc., and distribution of the vr platform. Upstream: hardware component consists mainly of optical equipment, display equipment, chips, sensors, etc.
(a) Data collection (environmental rendering, video capture, slam), data processing (3d rendering, rendering engines, etc.) and system platforms (operational systems, sdk);
Development of functions such as capture, visual tracking and voice processing; Downstream: services mainly for a variety of ar end products and various ar technology applications. 3.4, Gore shares are the leading global manufacturer of vr/ar
Gore shares, the leading provider of solutions and hardware manufacturer in the global vr/ar industry, are dedicated to the development, manufacture and sale of precision and zero components and sophisticated structures, smart whole machines, high-end equipment, which have now built up integrated competitiveness in a number of areas.
Figure 30: vr/ar industrial chain Gore shares in ongoing R & D investments, optical accumulation of power in the 5g era, and vr/ar is expected to benefit from the high growth of household strategies. Last year, R & D investments reached 1,892 million yuan, yielding 7.97%, and accumulated continuously.
Optical lenses, optical design, virtual reality/enhanced reality, micro-show/microfilm, sensors, mems, 3d envelopes, etc.
70% of the pc endvr product was made by Gore, which made a breakthrough in the field of optical, display and sensors.
From 2017, Gore and Kopin published co-researched grams, with a 60% reduction in the thickness of their optical modules.
Kopin'lighting'led micro-light screens, each with a high resolution rate of 2048*2048, have achieved a very high resolution of two-eyed 4k, with clarity almost double the traditional vr head display, while a 120hz super-high brush rate has significantly reduced the vertigo of users and improved comfort.
Sensors: At the 2019ces consumer electronic exhibition, Gore brings multi-sensor products with the most accurate small size in industry, low-power pressure sensors, 5atm hydropressurometers. 2.ar shows that Gore shares show a large amount of technology in light wave guidance, light-quantified design and light wave guidance.
xr Extended Reality: Since 2020, the first 5g Extended Real-Class Reference was released by the United Hightower, designed to have two times the cpu/gpu performance of the existing product, four times the video bandwidth, six times the differential resolution rate support and 11 times the ai performance enhancement, and six cameras each for internal cameras for eye chase.
Trace functions, external cameras for head tracking and depth access, and external rgb cameras for mixing light wave guidance: since 2018, Gol United waveoptics has signed an exclusive production partnership agreement for bulk production of optical wave guidance components, combined with high-tung thorium 835 processor, support for double camera 6dof locator
Arglasses, and ar-glass prototype for diffractating light wave components, have the advantage of light, large market angles, and full-coloured, high-quality displays. Light Quantified design: Since 2018, Gore and American Kopin have published a new generation of industry applications.
With the technical advantage of light-quantified design, which weighs just over 40 grams. And magnet self-sorting crash-resistant design and ip67 level waterproofing programs make gold-i-infinity more flexible and applicable to a variety of work scenes.
Figure 31: vr/ar head display decomposing structures are expected to reach 30 million shipments in the coming years. According to idc's report of 28 March, Worldwaterquard Authoritydvirtualrealheadsidesettracker, global
Vr/ar head displays are expected to reach 8.9 million in 2019, an increase of 54.1 per cent over the same period. Future shipments are expected to reach 36.7 million. In 2023, Vr One will account for 59 per cent of the market volume; headwear monitors will account for 37.4 per cent of the market volume; the rest will be vr glasses.
With 55.3 per cent of the market and 44.3 per cent of the market with a headpiece, the argose glasses can only take up four, precision and zero components: the core acoustic technology married mems to the new track, the company's sophisticated zero-component business, which is mainly made up of microphones and micromics, and other speaker models.
Groups, antenna modules, mems sensors, and other electronic components. The operation received scores in 2018, 2019, the volume of downstream smartphones fell, and normal growth resumed in 2019.
The share was 41.81 per cent, falling to 30.22 per cent in 2019, the second largest business; the Maori ratio, from 25.84 per cent in 2018, was 4.1. The market for speakers: Asian manufacturers gradually took over, and Gore was expected to rise. Microphones were the miniature electrical component for the transition from telecommunications to sound signals.
The speakers generate the vibrations by cutting magnetic wires in the magnetic field, and then they drive the air to sound. Microphones are more powerful, they are more loud, they are more powerful, they are more loud, they are more authentic, they are usually used for sound outside.
The size of the market for microphones worldwide is expected to reach $10 billion. In terms of volume, the annual volume of microphones in the world is 10 billion. According to IQR, 11.5 billion in 2018 and 12,13.5 billion in 2019-2020, respectively.
About $14.1 billion in molds, of which 65 per cent are microphones, amounting to $9.265 billion, the total market size of the market is projected to be $20.8 billion by 2024, and the cagr is 6.7 per cent.
With the exception of Gol’s shares, Seymour technology and building-based electronics are involved in both microphones and loudspeakers.
Emerging manufacturers enter the market for loudspeakers, such as audiopixel and user und, through the wearing of equipment, earband products and portable speakers.
The core technology/products of the company in the area of microphones are: sbs products. The sbs are called superballancespeaker, the super-dynamic balance speaker.
In 2016, the company began to deploy sbs technology, which is continuously optimized on materials and structures and effectively reduces the vibration noise generated by loudspeakers in high volume. In 2018, the technology was introduced in the micro-mete 8 exploration.
frc speakers. frc is full of flexiblerEARCAVITY, i.e. the soft rear cavity. frc achieved a smaller volume while increasing the low frequency sound strength by more than 40%.
The technology was used for the first time by the company for the release of redmik30pro in March 2020. Gore shares microphone customers, across the Apple and Andre camps, delivered in hundreds of millions of volumes annually.a Clients: the company is one of the main suppliers of iphone, ipad, audio arrays.a
The suppliers are predominantly E-Royal, Golle, Swe, with a larger share of Gore ' s shares, and also with Andres clients: Andre is the main customer of the national mobile phone company, Wameeov, and the company ' s share of Andre is close to 38:iphone and ipad calendar sales (in 10,000 units)
4.2. Microphones: With the mems structure, Gore has embarked on a sophisticated new track-making mems microphone with a mems component installed on pcb and protected by a mechanical shell, as opposed to e-cm microphones.
, the acoustic wave triggers the movement of the film, and then converts the changing capacitor to a telecom. The capacitors of the e-cm microphones are produced differently, and their built-in polar diaphragms have a fixed indicated charge, and the diaphragms are placed near the conductor, thus generating the capacitator. The acoustic voltage reception of the anti-polar amplifiers results in a change in the capacitor's voltage value, resulting in a change in the capacitor's value at both ends.
The voltage changes, resulting in telecoms. Different structures make mems and e-cm microphones suitable for different scenarios. The mems envelope structure allows mems microphones to be smaller in size and very suitable for small devices with limited space, such as mobile phones.
The consumable electrons; the condensation is simple and flexible, allowing high-level protection designs to work in dust and humidity, and the scenes are highly adaptable. Mems are worth 5 billion tons of cargo a year, and the future market space is expected to reach $1.5 billion.
With high-speed consumer electron penetration, the mems microphone market is growing faster than ecm microphones, and it's catching up with the ecmacre market. According to mems, the mems microphones are catching up with ecm microphones in 2015, reaching 5 billion by 2018. According to the advisory body Yole, mems.
The market size of the microphones was nearly $1.1 billion in 2018. As a result, the value of a single mems microphone could be measured at around $0.22. In addition, yole expects the global market for meme microphones to reach $1.5 billion by 2024, and cagr by 5.3% by 2018-2024, the main driver behind which is the tws headphones and smart sound.
Figure 43: Global market forecasts for mems microphones (in billions of dollars) exceed the share of ecm (in billions)
Technology is the top three of the world ' s mems microphones. Among them, according to the Maymes consultancy, consumer-type mems microphones have a 39% market share in electronics and Gore shares in 28%.
Net revenue growth was robust and stock turnover was moderate, except for the 6.99% decline in 2018, which was faster for the rest of the year. With respect to net profits, the company ' s annual return in 2010 and the decline in net profits were mainly due to the company 's “part parts' plus the new strategic layout of the “finished products” at the slope stage.
This is due to poor market performance in mobile phones, electronics, vr markets, etc. Revenue from the 2015-2019 Gool shares (millions) and the 2015-2019 Gool shares net profit from the mother (billions) and the same ratio.
About six times, up from 7.34 in 2017, and down since. Horizontal comparisons, the same model as Odm, recovered both net interest rates and net asset returns in 2019, with the exception of a decline in the Māori rate, and in 2020 q1, with the exception of a decline in the net asset rate of return.
In a horizontal comparison, companies are more profitable than their peers. Gore shares q1 in 2020 had a Māori ratio of 5.3, cost controls were good, R & D inputs were on the rise, company costs were well regulated, and revenue was more stable.
In comparison, sales costs are at a medium level and management is more efficient. The sales cost rate is 1.52%, 0.8% and 2.0% of Gore shares, respectively, in 2019, and the difference between households is greater, and the combined electricity is 9.44% and 14.62%, indicating that Gore shares are managed more efficiently.
In terms of R & D costs, Gore shares are lower but on the rise. In 2018-2019, Gore shares spent 5.62 per cent and 5.14 per cent, respectively, with approximately 6-7 per cent of its peers, but in 2020q1, Gore shares cost increased, while both sophisticated and co-sounding R & D costs were on the decline.
6. Key assumptions and profit projections. The company’s main business can now be divided into four parts: tws headphones, smart bracelets/watches, vr/ar and precision zero components; of these, tws headphones and smart bracelets/watches can be divided into customers and Andres by client.
Two types of client, the main collection contribution of the sophisticated zero component is from microphones and mems microphones. (1) tws headphones: Airpods have now entered a steady period of regularity, and the price of anairpodspro is expected to enter a stable period. So assume a customer tws headphone product is delivered.
The annual decline is $50 per year, maintaining 2021 levels in 2022. In quantitative terms, we estimate that the penetration rate of the airpods series of headphones among company users a was 4.3 per cent and 10.8 per cent in 2018-2019, respectively, and is expected to reach 19.4 per cent in 2020, 31.4 per cent in 2021 and 46 per cent in 2022, assuming that the iphone stock is at 1 billion.
(2) Smart bracelets/watches: assumes that the company only supplies the watch/hand wrapper to Andre millers in the watch/hand rings section, and assumes that non-a watch/handkerchiefs maintain a 20% increase in annual output and that the prices are stable. (3) vr/ar: assumes that the global vr/ar size will break 10 million from 5 million by 2020-2022
Gore shares are 60% constant. At the price, the prices are assumed to drop by 10% per year. (4) Precision zero components: microphones, look at a client first, assuming a client cell phone increases by 5% from 2020 to 2022, and Gore ' s share of the goods delivered by him.
40%. Mems microphones, in conjunction with the related advisory bodies, assume 6% of the product ' s output in 2020-2022, cagr, and remain stable due to the difficult decline in the unit price of the microphone as a zero component.a Among the listed companies, comparable companies are mostly well-informed about consumer electronic surrogates, as well as acoustic plants.
The company should be given a higher valuation, given that the company cuts across both consumer electronics and acoustics markets at a higher rate of profit than the same. The investment proposal is that Gore shares, as consumer electronic pioneers, benefit from the warming demand for downstream smartphones.
Consumer electronic demand has recovered less than expected; intelligent hardware penetration is less rapid than expected; and technological trends have led upstream customers to replace downstream suppliers.