Gore shares: "Parts + Products" go hand in hand, creating the main line of acoustic photovoltaic growth.
On July 14th, 2020, the "Parts + Products" strategy was gradually laid down, with clear collusive paths. Gore shares in early years of deep-deep audio panels, expanding city shares (002241.sz)
After 2014, they actively sought to transform, expanding their capabilities to sensors, wearing, ar/vr, and so on, based on their own acoustic advantages. The company then pursued its development strategy, gradually giving up its low-value oem business, transforming the odm, jdm model, perfecting the layout of the sound, light, and electricity to hear, seeable, and perceptible.
In this case, the spare parts business is mainly a sophisticated zero component in the areas of sound, light, and electricity, while the finished business is based on the parts industry's development of tws headphones, smart watches/handrings, ar/vr, and the whole machine.
Motion parts, parts to support the whole machine, parts to pull, to support each other, and a clear path to co-development. Sound operations are combined, tws headphones are stimulating growth. 2019q2, the company has a relatively small number of tws headphones and is in the process of building slopes and accumulating production experience, and there is greater room for automation and excellence; 2020q2, the company has a relatively small number of tws headphones.
The number of tws headphones has increased significantly, and the rate of success has stabilized at a higher level as automation has increased significantly. Thus, while headphones have been temporarily blocked by an overseas epidemic in the first half of the year, Gore’s production and sales have performed well in comparison.
Upgraded, and mems microphones are also benefiting from the hot sale of tws headphones. Looking ahead, we expect to follow the impact of the epidemic, the global recovery, the release of 5g new products from large clients, the hot sale of tws headphones, and the rising share of companies, which will have a strong performance support for precision zero components; and with the company's high-end tws headphone line, the company's output in general.
Accumulated production experience will shorten the climb process, accelerate the improvement of good rates, and accelerate the realization of profitability. The future is wide-ranging: companies are involved in smart watches and in the ar/vr field, and have developed considerable competitive power.
The area of ar/vr, which has grown in a brutal way in the past, has increased the concentration of players in the industry after shuffling, and companies such as s, o and others have taken the lead. In 2020, vr published Half-life: alyx not only led to the sale of the entire vr hardware, but also, in the long run, may attract more mainstream game studios into the game area of vr, creating a fast overlap in quality content, vr.
Hardware sales support. And the development of 5g also has a catalytic effect on the industry. Software plus hardware resonance or will catalyze the outbreak of the vr industry. For Gore, the company was involved earlier in the vr field, ranging from critical parts in the sound, light, electricity, to production tests of the whole machine, and is the main supplier of the big head factory, and is expected to benefit most.
In early 2020, the 5gxr reference design was released together with Hightower to provide longer-term development reserve energy.
In the case of the Homes programme, Gore is working on a new draft of the Homes programme.
Four times, Phases 1, 2 were completed, Phase 3 was in the holding period, and Phase 4 was under preparation. Prior field acquisitions, compared to the average value of the collection price during the reduction period and the average price at the time of the acquisition of the holdings, the benefits were lower for the previous two holdings.
We believe that this stock-holding plan will be more effective in creating incentives and motivation for the workforce than it has been before. With the integrated layout of “part parts plus finished products” in the electricity sector, synergies will become more pronounced, with steady growth in performance and consideration of comparable companies.
The value should be valued as a premium for the company. For the first time, the company is given a “buy-in” rating.
Sensors, wearables, ar/vr, etc. are actively expanding and expanding their capabilities boundaries. And companies are moving ahead with development strategies, gradually abandoning low-value oem operations, transforming the odm, jdm models, and perfecting the layout to hear, seeable, perceptible sound, light, and electricity to form a “part parts + finished” development strategy.
Corporate parts and whole machines work together, whole machines drive, whole parts support, whole parts pull together, support each other, and have a clear path to co-development. The building of sound, light, and electricity main lines: de-escalation with the effects of the epidemic, global economic recovery, release of new 5g products from large clients, hot sales of tws headphones, higher company share, will generate strong performance support for the operation of sophisticated zero components; and production will follow the company’s high-end tws headphone production line, with the company’s accumulated production experience on ordinary funds.
Shortening the climb process, accelerating the improvement of good rates, faster profitability, and maintaining high growth in the sound business. Software + hardware resonance or will catalyze the explosion of the vr industry, which, based on the steam hardware data, has found near-million-level upgrades in connection since the sale of alyx, so it can be foreseen that subsequent high-quality content overlaps will be more beneficial in driving the development of the ar/vr hardware market: in the case of Gore, companies have moved early into the vr field, from critical parts in the audio, light, electricity field to the life of the whole machine.
Production tests are well organized and are the main suppliers of large-scale plants, which are expected to benefit most.1 We review the company's development strategies and performance over the years, and believe that companies are always in a state of mind, adapting their business strategies in due course. Based on their weight in acoustics, they have built and settled a “parts plus finished” development strategy, creating a “sonic light” platform-style sophisticated manufacturing tap.
The future expansion of the Division’s class of goods provides a solid foundation.2 Our HF statistics based on the downstream market have set up models of changes in the demand of the company’s business plates: (1) in the post-epidemiological era, global smart demand has begun to stabilize and warm, leading manufacturers have been innovating, rice 10 is carrying a symmetric double-speaker for the first time, and the share of corporate acoustic zeros has risen during the epidemic. (2) tws headphones,
Wearable and ar/vr fully benefit from home-based recreational needs during the epidemic, leading to the growth of the consumer electronics sector. Looking ahead, the demand for company-related business will continue to rise as tws headphone prices sink, consumers ' health concerns rise, and the content of vr high-quality games emerge.
1. The “Parts + Products” strategy is gradually emerging, with clear collusive pathways. Gore shares are a company based on acoustics, with a multidirectional outreach, that can provide clients with a holistic solution in the area of acoustic light.
After 2014, corporate niches based on acoustics developed into other areas of synergy, reinforcing the strategic position in the field of sensors, wearing and intelligent manufacturing to 20 billion in 2016, with a 3-year compound increase of 26%. 2017h1, with a significant upgrade in the a-customer acoustic field, the company’s profits increased both ways. But then the new competitor cut into the acoustics industry, the pattern of competition was reshaped, and the company’s profits were significantly affected.
The shift in business drivers has been gradually completed, and smart acoustic whole-office operations have become growth points in corporate performance on the basis of traditional acoustic business.
The whole machine drives parts, the parts support the whole machine, the parts pull together, the parts support each other.
Looking back at the growth of Gore shares, it can be seen that the company has always been in a state of mind and has adjusted its business strategy in due course. For the first time in the 2014 annual report, the company proposed a strategic shift, with a proactive adjustment, based on its own sound instrument advantages, to actively expand into sensors, wearables, ar/vr, etc. The company has been making a progressive move toward a development strategy, gradually abandoning its low-value oem business, transforming the odm, jdm models, and, according to its accumulated capabilities, moving towards a sound, visual, emotive sound, light, electricity.
At the firm’s operational level, the company’s main business is currently divided into three main categories: precision zero components, smart acoustics, and smart hardware. The main products of the sophisticated zero-component business are logo microphones, logo speakers, loudspeakers, antenna modules, mems sensors, and other electronic components; and the main products of the smart acoustic whole-office business are:
Wire and headphones, smart wireless headphones, smart sound products, etc.; smart hardware business is mainly composed of smart home video game parts, smart enough to wear electronics, ar/vr products, industrial automation products, etc. Intuitively, spare parts business is mainly composed of zero components in sound, light, electricity, and finished products based on spare parts.
In the light of the domestic epidemic, the company's resumption of work, which has been delayed by previous years, has continued to grow, with a revenue of $6.47 billion, a 13 per cent increase over the previous year.
In terms of profits: in 2018, companies lost their profitability as a result of the downside of industry and increased competition, with net return profits falling from $2.14 billion in 2017 to 870 million.
In the field of tws headphones, there was a connection with the sound zero advantage business, leading the company back to growth, with net return profits increasing by 47.6 per cent to $1.28 billion on a year-on-year basis, while in the first quarter of 2020 the company ' s net profits increased by 44.7 per cent to $290 million on a year-on-year basis, the Māori rate and net interest rates also increased significantly, from 15.4 per cent to 3.6 per cent in 2019 to 18.2 per cent and 4.5 per cent, respectively; in the second quarter of 2020, the company forecasted a net return profit of $465 to 492 million in the single quarter, compared to 321 million in the same period in the first quarter of last year.
Because, on the one hand, the company’s tws headphone production rate has increased by the same amount, the corresponding profitability will be significantly improved; on the other hand, the cost of reducing capital costs will be higher than the cost of 2020q1. From a cost-rate perspective, we can see better corporate management.
More than 20% of the increase has fallen to less than 10%. Specifically, other cost items other than R & D are most evident, such as sales costs for 2020q1, overhead costs, financial costs, respectively, by 1.5%, 9.5%, and 17.8% respectively, mainly because companies are pushing down the cost of the fall, and the effect is becoming more pronounced.
Motivation of workers and promotion of overall operational efficiency.3. Equity structures are stable, staff incentives are in place. In addition to the company's strategic and business-level moves, the company has been providing employee incentives over the past few years in the form of an employee's shareholding, binding between employees and companies.
From the top ten shareholders of the company, you can see that the company actually controls Kang-ham, whose shares are about 35.6% directly/indirectly and jointly controlled by the co-operator Kang-Long, and 1.3% of its shares in the third, with a more stable overall equity structure. For the Home-based employee holding scheme, Gore has carried out four times, Phases 1 and 2 have been completed, Phase 3 is in the holding period, and Phase 4 is in the holding period.
Compared to the average value of the collection price during the reduction period and the average price at which the shareholdings were purchased, the actual incentive effect of the first two stockholdings was less than ideal, with less benefit to the employee. And the company’s recent Home 4 holdings plan, which covered a wider range of employees, changed the incentive approach by replacing the original stockholding form with a zero-price transfer and locking.
ii. Acoustic business connection, tws headphone drive growth, tws headphone development, and tws headphone development.
A clear presentation of the main business, which was re-classified in the annual report, began to be shown separately in the sophisticated zero-component business and the smart acoustics business. The main products of the company’s sophisticated zero-component business were audio devices such as speaker/receiver, mems microphones, and other products such as the antenna module and other mems sensors. The speaker/receiver business benefited from a client’s audio innovation trend. The company’s audio-record operations slowed down between 2014 and 2016h1;
During 2016h2 to 2017h2, there was a significant increase in the electronics business; after 2018, there was a sharp decline in the collection of sophisticated zero components. This process can be understood by the sound innovation of smart phones. The new smartphones introduced by 2016h2a clients were mounted with two speakers, and significant innovations were made in the acoustics sector, leading to the advancement of the aurals in the industry, a trend that the company had benefited from as a contemplation of acoustic components. However, subsequent competition patterns in the industry slowed down and acoustic innovation slowed down, resulting in the company ' s acoustics business.
Symmetry of the two-speaker programme or its contribution to the Speaker/receiver business. Between 2018 and 2019, smartphone manufacturers focused their functions on displaying screens, photographing and processing machines: in which screens were shown with a gradual shift in focus from an external id-looking innovation campaign (a full screen of all kinds) to an internal technical parameter (90hz high brush rate, wide colour domain, etc.); in photographing, multiple pics, high pixels, etc.
Insight, tof, and so on, innovations are all the more sophisticated. Sophistical propaganda, which seems to have been forgotten by terminal manufacturers over the past two years, is largely identical in configurations, such as flag, the use of a stereo program with the base main force, Speaker+ top, and the use of the bottom, and top, bottom, top, top, and usually bottom speakers, which are not.
But of the new machine released by 1q20, the 10 series of mills used for the first time two main speakers of the same type up and down, and the innovation was also used as a major promotion point for the new machine. At the same time, the evaluation agency dxomark also had an audio score for launching smartphones, decapitating its head using the 10 series of rice with a symmetric double-speaker. From the evaluation of dxomark, the main advantage of the two-symbols is not the volume, but the tone and spatial sense, especially with regard to space.
Intuitively, space senses convey information about the location of the audience through sound, and the measure of the quality of space sense is the ability to allow a specific voice to come from a specific location when presenting the entire view. We believe that there is a flag ship's cell phone that begins to sell as a symmetric double-speaker, and that there is an evaluation body that starts a comparative rating of the built-in speaker, the terminal closes to the acoustics.
Figure 14: 2 symmetric speakers in the 10 series of millet
Table 3: dxomark's audio score ranking mems microphones will grow in the future or will benefit from wearing devices.
Sensors, whose main structure is the mems chip and the asic chip, are made up of a series of envelopes. The microphone is one of the instruments essential to the interaction of the smart terminal, and the mems microphones are becoming the mainstream of the microphones because they meet the requirements of the smart terminal better in performance, reliability, and consistency. According to the advisory body yole, the mems microphones account for about 70% of the microphone market, with a market space of $1.2 billion in 2018, and are projected to be the 2024 mems microphone market.
In terms of the growth of mems microphones, which used to be driven by smartphones, smart sound has also contributed to industry growth, and looking forward to the rapid growth of ready-to-use equipment in the future will help mems mics growth.
Figure 16: Mems mics structure (in millions of pairs) is in synergy with headphone finished business, and the advantages of combined boxing are highlighted. Gore shares are in the forefront of the business in the mems mics, market shares are strong, and the company 1q20 has been further enhanced by the closure of overseas factories in the building. In recent years, companies have been actively expanding market opportunities other than acoustic parts.
Markets such as tws headphones, vr/ar have seen rapid growth in smart acoustic entire business plates. At the same time, companies are the world’s leading suppliers of electronic audio components, and the co-benefits of core instruments and end products have been highlighted.
Two, tws headphones drive rapid growth. Headphones, which are important acoustic components for smart phones, have evolved from wired to wireless, intelligent, and with more sensors, have gradually become an intelligent hardware product with a very high potential for market growth. According to data released by idc, in 2019, the global volume of serviceable equipment was 337 million, an increase of nearly 90%.
Significant, 50.7 per cent of the total market share, according to counterpoint data, the volume of tws headphones in 2016 is less than 100 million, and in 2020 it will be 230 million, with a 4-year compound growth rate of over 120 per cent. Although the tws headphones are growing faster, they are not in the early absolute amount, and do not sell more than 50 million copies a year. For this reason, tws headphones are largely dependent on them.
Smart phones are used to replace traditional wired headphones, and while the iphone 7 series led to the elimination of 3.5 mm audio interfaces in 2016, many of them did not follow the process quickly at the time; in addition, apart from the mature solutions available to airpods, non-a-system tws earphones have many technical problems causing poor experience, such as connections, delays, etc.
Figure 22: Global sales of tws headphones from 2016 to 2020 (in billions of United States dollars), followed by an armomarket focus on airpods and the trend towards inflammation of Andres mobile phones, have catalysed demand for non-a system tws headphones. White brand manufacturers quickly rolled out a large number of popular products to occupy low-end markets, and according to gfk, in 2019 h1 Chinese low-end tws delivered more than 50%.
Figure 25: Share of global tws headphones in 2019 (in %) Figure 26: q1 global tws headphones in 2020 (in millions)
The product, but with its exclusive H1 master chip, ensures industry’s leading connectivity stability and ultra-low delay, especially in terms of active noise mitigation performance, leading market trends. And as the bluetooth master chip continues to be upgraded, the development of tws headphones by non-a branding plants, in addition to a significant increase in connection stability and delay, adds value to their feature functions, and their combined experience is constantly aligned to the airpods.
And there is a lot of room for upgrading in the external performance dimensions of sound, continuation, etc., which will continue to lead the tws headphones industry as industry poles in the future; instead of branding, the plant will accelerate the clean-up of the white market and occupy the lower- and middle-end markets based on its value for money. And, in terms of market space, we expect that the global iPhone stock will exceed 1 billion in 2020.
From a company’s perspective, Gore has been farming for more than 16 years in the acoustic field, accumulated technical experience in various fields such as acoustic design, acoustic algorithms, simulation tests, etc., which can provide high-quality smart audio solutions to clients. In tws headphone products, companies not only have access to microphones, speakers/speakers, sensors, etc. for the supply of zero components.
The company has become the main voice supplier for internationally recognized branded clients, and has established long-standing close partnerships with clients, obtaining client recognition in terms of product quality, good rates, delivery cycles, services, etc. The company’s customers actively arrange on tws headphones.
The development of tws headphones provides a good market base. Thirdly, wearing and ar/vr in tandem, the future market space is wide, and Gore shares, in addition to the full layout of acoustic parts and whole machines, are much more involved in smart watches and ar/vr, and they have become quite competitive.
In addition to the rapid outbreak of tws headphones, there is actually a significant increase in smart watches, which, with the impact of the epidemic, will either become more health-sensitive to consumers or will trigger an outbreak of smart watches. The area of ar/vr, which has grown through the barbarism of the previous period, has further increased the concentration of the industry after the players washed their cards, and Gore, as the main supplier of the head business, is expected to grow rapidly in the future.
1. Among the products with higher health concerns that can wear market demand, non-earpieces are also growing rapidly. According to idc, smart handrings and smart watches grew at a significant rate, rising by 37.4% and 22.7% in 2019 compared to the year 2019.
In the future, as more end-makers follow in the smart watch market, experience is being optimized, prices are subsided, and market potential is expected to be further exploited. Apples, for example, have more than 30% of the total off-the-shelf product series, such as airpods and iwatch, in the case of apparel brands.
In 19 years, the three stars and the three-stars followed the three and four-bit, the three-star, the three-star, three-star, and the three-star, three-star, three-star, three-star, three-star, smart watches. In particular, the Chinese gt series became the mainstream product, the rhythm of the release began to calm down, sales accelerated, and the gt2 series sold more than 1 million sales in 45 days, significantly higher than the speed of its previous product sales.
Figure 30: Distribution and market share of wearable equipment in 2019 (in millions of units, %) Figure 31: Distribution of a series of watches by China, where motion- and health-related sensors are constantly placed because smart watches are easy to wear, show visual simplicity and are more suitable for monitoring body data.
In the case of the applewatch series, for example, s4, s5 series compared to s3, continued deep-digging campaign data monitoring, and the addition of electronic heart rate sensors and down detection functions to health data. In addition, the wearing market is also subject to a phased impact, but with the subsequent outbreak, the market can be worn at a rate of growth or better.
2. After the early barbarous growth of the ar/vr industry, the terminal brands have seen a significant amount of shuffling, with companies such as sony, oculus, htc, valve, etc., leading to a marked increase in industry concentration. There are pain points in the content and hardware in the ar/vr product, the content of which is primarily a high-quality resource and ecological problem, while hardware has made it possible.
With experience, application scenes, and standard problems, but these pain spots are quickly overcome. In 2020, the vr product's innovative interaction with software and hardware was effective, hitting the pain point, or would have a significant impact on the company's performance of the ar/vr plate. From a hardware point of view, the one machine and pcvr remain the dominant product shape. The one machine built-in processor, without the need to connect to external computing equipment, could be used independently; pcvr
In 2019, the end-maker's vr product, the single machine and the pcvr were still the main products. The high-end integrated machines were relatively small, but the mainstream had the same layouts, such as vives and oculus. The pcvr was more numerous in terms of unit prices and quantities than the single machine. Moreover, short-focal products, such as vrglass, were beginning to emerge, and there had been a noticeable slight improvement in the size of the product in the appearance, and a shorter future focal category.
For the two dominant product forms, vr, we believe that one machine is better suited to the passive viewing of content, although less interactive than pcvr, but with the spread of 5g, the bandwidth increases the transmission rate, supports a higher resolution of online broadcast content, and significantly enhances the viewing experience of the vr one. At present, most vr machines are not yet available.
The ability to have direct access to the 5g network requires indirect connectivity through 5 gcpe, which is not much different from traditional wifi, limiting most consumers' use of vr to indoors. The main reason is that most products use chips that do not support 5g connections.
Figure 34: High to 5gxr reference design Figure 33: Use of the pcvr user scene (unit: %) at pcvr terminal, with greater emphasis on the immersion of large field cornerfov and interaction with display content (2c end predominantly game use).
The effect of vr dizziness is mainly on optical clarity, motor-to-image delays, and content quality. In this, the delay in moving to the imaging level of 20 ms does not give a clear sense to users, and now the mainstream plant has compressed the time within 20 ms (wire-connected), so that the delay problem is largely solved.
Pcvr shows a 4k resolution +90fps image refresher rate that can significantly reduce dizziness, a configuration that relies on high-end pc hardware to support data operations, requiring a minimum of gtx1060 or more (less than enough). Furthermore, a high resolution + high-up rate image implies a very high transmission efficiency, using 4k+90fps as an example, a bandwidth of 3840*2160*8*3*9018gbps (presumption: other signals in the data are not taken into account; the number of data places is 8bits/color).
This bandwidth requirement can be met by a cable of above hdmi2.0 and above dp1.2, whereas in the wireless protocol, Wigig has the highest support for 7gbps transmission, the 2t2r antenna 5gwifi theoretical velocity is 1.73 gbps (the theoretical speed of wifi6 using 160mhz band is 2.4gbps) and the theoretical down speed of the sub-6ghz segment of the neptunium 990 chip is 2.3 gbps. Obviously, the image of pcvr can only be transmitted by wire, and if wireless transmission is used, it can only be compressed by algorithm.
Finally, as in the case of vr content, as in the case of dizziness when some players play 3d games, vr's video-twitching, intense motion, rotation, etc. can cause some dizziness among users, which depends to a large extent on the endurance of users and the level of production of vr content. In the oculus store, the authorities rate the games, which can easily lead to the player's stunned game being “strangular”, a car game like Dust: Lalits, which is a car game that shakes the image very much because the vehicle is driving in difficult terrain.
They've been identified as “strengthy” comforts, while the experience suitable for most players is rated as “comfort” ratings. We've been looking at the recommended game on the front page of the oculus store, which is mostly “comfort” and “appropriate” ratings, while the content of the “stress” rating is virtually non-existent.
Figure 36: The vr comfort rating of the oculus store provides the following comfort rating: Comfortable experience suits most people, but this rating does not mean that the experience makes everyone feel comfortable. Such experiences usually avoid the movement of cameras, player moves, or the content and effects of lost direction.
A moderate experience, while not suitable for all, is appropriate for many people. Such experiences may be integrated into the content and effects of some cameras moving, players moving, or occasionally leading to lost direction.
The game has less content. In March 2020, Valve launched Half-life: alyx, which brought the Vr game to a level of 3a, the game was highly rated for media ratings, and the number of connections to the vr device increased significantly after its launch. From the monthly hardware statistics on the platform, vr players grew rapidly and reached an all-time high, with the number of users with Vr devices on the platform reaching an all-time high in April, at 1.91 per cent, and the ring increased in March.
In absolute numbers, the platform reached approximately 2.7 million connections in April, and the ring increases, with Sony, oculus, and htc in the end brand. Psvr, depending on the powerful life force of the Ps4 series, continued to lead the sales, with 5 million sold in January 2020, compared to the 4.2 million officially released in March 2019, and Psvr sold in about 10 months.
The sale of 800,000 sets of data, although slower than in the previous period, remained significant, in part because of expectations about the next generation of ps5 series, slowing purchasing sentiment. In the case of other pcvr, oculus on the steam platform occupied almost 45% of the area; then 30% and 12% of the htc and valve vr products, respectively.
In the case of Gore, the company was involved early in the vr field, from critical parts in the sound, light, electricity, to production testing of the whole machine, and was the main supplier of the head vr plant. In 2020, the launch of the semi-life: alyx not only led to the sale of the entire vr hardware, but also, in the long run, could attract more mainstream game studios into the vr game area, creating rapid overlaps in quality content, supporting the sale of the vr hardware. Moreover, the low-time delay of 5g was a feature.
In addition, the company was active in the area of the ar, with the launch of a 5gxr reference design in early 2020, together with Hightower, to reserve energy for longer-term development. As one of the leading producers in the industry, we expect that Gore will be able to use the tws headphones and ar/vr as its "part parts plus finished" layout in the field of acoustic light power.
The sophisticated zero-component operation, which has a strong correlation between the Speiker/receiver operation and smartphones, has had a confluence of the epidemic, but the business still has an innovative bright spot boost; the mems microphone operation is an up-scaling market and will continue to benefit from the high sales of tws headphones and the penetration of noise abatement functions, with other zero-assembly operations gradually growing, predicting that the operation will have a virtually flat harvest in 2020.
In the course of a catch-up process, users’ less experienced white cards are gradually being phased out, various brand manufacturers are winning, market concentration will continue to rise, and the average price of low-end products will move up, facilitating price increases. Gore, as one of the company’s headphone suppliers, has a better relationship with Andre’s head shop.
The company issues debt-transferable tws headphones and, in the course of the upgrade of tws headphone penetration, relies on the strategic layout of the “part parts plus finished” and the convergence of spare parts and whole-office operations, which are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
The release of Vr in 2020, " Half-life: alvx " , not only led to the sale of hardware as a whole, but also, in the long run, to draw more mainstream play studios into the game area, creating fast overlaps in quality content, supporting the sale of vr hardware. Also, the low-time delay of 5g is effective in alleviating the pains of vr hardware. The resonance of software plus hardware or the outbreak of catalytic vr industry, with Goel as one of its leading firms, is expected to benefit from this trend.
The company is also active in the ar area, where the 5gxr reference design was released in early 2020, together with Hightower, to provide a longer-term development reserve of dynamic energy. The business is expected to show a bright future.
The tws headphone penetration has not progressed as expected.
In 2017, in South Pacific securities, in 2018, at the University of Foreign Languages in Beijing, Master of Finance (Master of Finance) joined the Sunda Securities Institute in 2017.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, and, in 2020, became a member of the electronics industry. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business that the CSRC has approved. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities Institute.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.