Phillipcapital (002050ch) has a strong head of cold industry, with great potential for new business.
For the first time, the Chinese car spare parts cover (as of 16 March at current prices) a global leader in the production and development of cold air-conditioning control components and components for oem manufacturers.
The target price of cny22.4 (+19%) 1) is a four-way switch to thugs, electron inflators, electromagnets, microchannel heaters, omega pumps, etc., for air conditioning, refrigerators, cold chain logistics, dishwashers, etc.
General shareholders (millions): 2) Heat bulges, fluids, electric bulges, electric pumps, etc., used mainly in conventional fuel trucks, hybrids, market value (million yuan):
The company was founded in 1994 and placed on the market in late 2005. The company's three parents are the company's real estate.
Interlocking control accounts for about 60% of the company’s shares, with a more concentrated shareholding and stable equity structure. In 2012, the company acquired Aveko, Germany, into the market for white household electrical parts such as dishwashers, coffee machines, washing machines, etc.
The company thus formed two major domestic markets (subdistricts), two large sections (subsectors) of domestic electricity and car heat management components; and a cold/microchannel/car parts/Avico Four major lines (sub-products) with revenue of 55/11/13/10%.
After more than 30 years of development, Sanhua has taken the lead in the global market for cold-air-conditioning smart-control devices, with the company’s electric booms, quadruple swaps to thugs, electromagnetic beams, micro-channels, and omega pumps among the world’s leading producers; and the cut-off market for thugs, car heat-inflating, liquid storage, etc.
At the same time, the company focused on the development of new energy car air conditioning and heat management products, and became the first Chinese company to win the US 'Car News Paceaward award.
Overseas purchases and the infusion of high-quality capital from large shareholders have led to a steady increase in the firm’s overall integrity. Since its listing, only 37% of the companies have contributed the largest amount of Māori.
In Zhejiang, HQ has focused its efforts on expanding the global map by creating overseas factories in the United States, Mexico, Poland, and Thailand to cover overseas markets.
The world-renowned cold air-conditioning manufacturers, ig, Samsung, Kailey, Turing, York, Gri, America, Haile, etc., have established a stable cooperative relationship as Fareo, Mahler, Daejong, Benz, BMW, Volvo, Tesla, General, etc. (+8621-51699400-103)
The competitive power of products generated by continuous research and development inputs, and the growing customer base, provide a better basis for the growth of corporate income. Moreover, overseas orders continue to grow, benefiting from the construction of a living base and the construction of a marketing network.
In the long run, overseas income has grown by more than 20% in recent years, up to more than half of total income. The head of the production industry is stable.
With 1.4 air-conditioning holdings and about 0.6 farm-village air-conditioning holdings, there are still more space available than 2.9 in Japan, and the increase in frequency and central air-conditioning penetration will boost corporate demand. The short- and medium-term period is expected to see the rapid development of warmer and cold-chain logistics in China’s real-estate cycle leading to a steady increase in the company’s cooling industry.
The new energy heat management industry is expected to be a new growth point in its performance, and it's the country's early deployment of a new energy heat management company, whose products have entered a new energy vehicle in the European and American garages of Big Pilgrim, Dai Müller, BMW, General, Volvo, Audi, Psa, Jaguar Road Rover, etc.
The counter supply chain, with domestic clients covering the factories of Gilly, Biadei, Upper Gas, Uranium, and so on, is now ordering more than 10 billion dollars. The company is Teslamodel3's supplier, which provides electricity, oil, pumps, oil coolers, water coolers, battery coolers, etc., for which the unit is about 1300 dollars.
New energy producers abroad are also expected to invest in the future, and the company’s new energy heat management revenues are expected to outperform the cooling industry, leading to a new growth in its performance. The Avico subsidiary’s dishwasher parts have great potential.
Aveko, a 50-year-old European component producer, is long-standing as a first-level provider of dishwashers, core parts of the system, with more than 80% of the dishwasher business, and its clients include famous brands such as Bsh, Hewletteep, Philips, and Ileks. China has less than 2% of dishwashers, far less than Europe.
80%, 50% in the United States, 8% in East Asia. With the shift in consumerism, the country’s age-aging society will have great potential for dishwashing machines, and Aveko will benefit directly. The company will gradually move the German factory to Poland, Shanghai factory to Lake Shuu, and with the increase and reduction in the cost of production, Aveko will be able to do so.
The three-flowered mind is the dragon head of the cold parts, and the advantages are obvious. New energy car heat management, dishwashers, cold chains, logistics are the blue sea market in the larger direction of future social development, and companies will increase their performance in the future.
New business progress is lower than expected, electricity traffic is lower than expected, and macro-economic regression is affecting demand for goods.
The prices of raw materials have soared or the prices of products have soared.
philipresearchstocksectionssystems wedonotbaseourcompansionsdirectlylyontheabovequantitattiverinternbands. Weconsistentualitivefactorslike (butnotlictedto) a stock'sriskrewardprofile, marketsentitment, recentrateofsharepriceation, presenceorabsenceofstockpricedatalysts, and pesculative
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, this publicity nootbere producedinwholeorin part, distributedor publicised by yoouforanypurpose.philipsecuriushallonotbeliableforanydirecticist consequentiosalissalising fromanyuseofmatarealcontaininthispublication.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the only one who can do it.
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. President, for your cooperation with the United Nations Office at Geneva, and for your assistance in this regard, for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), and for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), and for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
I don't know, sir'sdiscussion: philipsecuritiesdoesnoothavisvesvesmentbankingrelationshipshipwiththeelistedcorporationdirectionistinternationalinterstof 1% or more than the marketcapacitacitation.inadddition, noexecutivestaffuffofservicescicultierves asan officeofethelistedcorporation. availability
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"pshk" believedtobeaccurate.pshkdoesnotbetspoonbilityforany Lossocacionedbyrelicationplacesuponthecontentshereof.pshk (oritsaffiliatesoreapployees)
It's the only thing that's going to happen to me.
# I've got to go # #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go
phillipsecuritiespted 250northbridgeroad, #06-00rafflescitytower, b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii,
4-2 nihonbashikabutocho, Chuo-ku no.12, Jalanyapkwanseng, 50450kualumpur indonesia
♪ china india ptphillipsecuitiesindonesia ♪
philipfinancialadvisory (shanghai)co.ltd.philipcapital (india) privatelimited anztowerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a,
No.1, 18thbroor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg, jakarta 10220, indonesia tailand
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
3rdfloor, 35ruedelabienfaisance 6thfloor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet silom, bangrak, bangkok 10500thailand
75008parisfrance london, ec4n6as unted states
I don't know what you're talking about.
phillipcapitalaustralia ashaphillipsecuritiesmitted level10,330collinsstreet
Quevel4, mileniumhouse, 46/58 naavammawatha, the chicagoboardoftradebuilding colombo2, srilanka
Chicago, il6004usa longkong phillipsecurities(hk)ltd
11/Unitedcentre95queenswayhongkong