The company's rating report for 3x2050 shows an over-expected performance in 2019 and a steady increase in zero-heating management orders – a quick review of the performance of 3x19.
The company achieved revenue of $11,324 million in 2019, an increase of 35.54%. We believe that the company’s 2019q4 company’s Māori high-yielding product is higher than expected, and that new orders for new cars are being expanded, increasing faster than market expectations.
● Optimizing product structure and achieving steady growth in refrigeration Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): The Action Plan for Green and Efficient Refrigeration was promulgated with the overall objective of household air conditioning, multi-connection by 2022
Market energy efficiency for refrigeration products, such as machines, has increased by more than 30 per cent, contributing to the penetration rate of FACs, while, from the energy efficiency classification, only one level energy-efficient FACs have adopted an electronic expansion valve, and the share of energy efficiency at the future level will increase further under the guidance of the Action Programme on Green and Efficient Refrigeration;
New orders for the new zero-energy business, new orders for more than 10 billion new energy-based zero clients, including Tesla, the public, Volvo, and Biadi, are well known for their quality.
The company began harvesting large amounts of new energy orders in 2017. 1) A strategic partnership was established with Tesla to supply the parts of motors/x (with a single-car package value of $200), motorl 3/y (with a single-car package value of $200) for body-heating management at the Shanghai plant in Tesla at the end of October.
Capital has been completed and Tesla's business will grow rapidly as the model3/y rolls out.
Next city, new energy is on hand for more than 10 billion cars and auto parts*, electronic pumping orders ($1.5 + 1 billion), BMW management parts orders ($230 million), Volvo water in pon*20191114, 2019.11.17.
Cold-board orders (600 million yuan), orders (1.4 billion yuan), orders (90 million yuan) and spare parts (300 million yuan) such as general-purpose electronic pumps.
The future of zero-heat management, the continued benefits of national production in Tesla* and the rise of new energy vehicles have led to a leap in the value of car heat management systems, a huge increase in the value of bicycles, a further increase in the importance of thermal management systems, a sharper capture of new energy trends, and entry into the international mainstream.
The new energy supply chain for the new drivers and the new drivers of the car, coupled with the growth of the new energy sources, the certainty of performance growth, the highness of the company, the power of the zero business, and the increased elasticity of corporate performance. As a result, the company is expected to grow.
Xue Yugic, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, presents this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.