High growth in net profits and significant improvement in cash flows
The value of new contracts for offshore works increased by more than 40 per cent, taking into account the high growth in non-net profits. The company achieved construction operations in 2023, base-building operations, dredging operations and other operations are measured at 66,586.6 billion yuan and 9.8 per cent, respectively.
The increase in the contribution of offshore operations and cash-flow projects in the country and the increase in the level of project management; the relative depth of the base-based accounting gross of 300 million yuan, an increase of 96.5 per cent over the same period, is due mainly to the increased cash flow management and asset viability of the company.
Intensive upgrading of the city's central village and high-quality co-construction of a “one-way” package. The company has fully deepened the city's central village. The company has contracted to upgrade the city of the city of Haiguchi, one of the first pilot projects of the city's city renewal, and a number of large-scale urban complex projects, such as the project to upgrade the village of the town of Feng Qi, the town's new town of Hua, in the Shanghai district.
During the reporting period, the company was based on a global perspective and was accurate in its deployment to the “one-way” initiative, making every effort to promote transport infrastructure connectivity and human well-being improvements, and offering to contribute China's wisdom and China's programmes. In 2023, the number of new contracts signed by companies for offshore operations amounted to 319,746 million.
The dollar (approximately $47,526 million) represents an increase of 47.5 per cent, or about 18.24 per cent of the company's new contract value. In 2023, the company achieved a total of $38,761 million in new contracts in a “one-way” country.
The contract was signed in the amount of US$ 234.758 billion. Official traffic through the Kanapuri tunnel in Bangladesh, Phnom Penh, Cambodia.
The high speed of overseas orders, the early completion of the construction of the main berth structure, the start of construction on the Bogotá subway line 1, the Mayan railway line in Mexico, the full-wired integration of a series of "one-way" brand projects.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.