Deepening the clean energy distribution gas poles — the New Olympic shares (600803.sh) — the scarce natural gas upstream/downstream integration poles in the country.
On 25th of April 2022, the group opened the whole chain of natural gas up and down, making it one of the largest clean energy enterprises in the country.
The energy transformation boosts the long-term landscape of the gas industry in demand, and in the context of the double carbon target, the global energy structure accelerates the transformation, with natural gas as the only fossil energy source.
Total market value/market value in circulation (billion yuan) Low carbon, clean energy, and good demand prospects. Over the past 10 years, our annual compound increase in gas consumption will reach a peak of 690 billion cubic metres.
The formation of a national network to promote natural gas sector reform is a key step that will accelerate the construction of a “one network for the whole country” and the opening of an ng receiving station. We believe that large private gas, which has the advantage of the industrial chain, will be the lowest/ceiling price in a year.
Businesses are expected to benefit in the long run from the current round of natural gas market-based reforms. Resource and channel advantages facilitate rapid growth of the city’s burning business.
Four of these long-range resources were signed after 2021, with stronger bargaining power and resource security through the synergy of the lng receiving station. Companies have a pre-emptive and large-scale advantage in downstream channels.
Private enterprises, which cover more than 20 provinces and cities throughout the country, have promoted up to 10% of the company’s urban gas project in the last five years. As urbanization rises, the rate of corporate gasification is expected to continue to grow.
Against the backdrop of rising domestic demand, the company owns the scarce resource of a canoe lng receiving station, which brings the following advantage: 1) Direct natural gas sales led to rapid growth. In 2021, gas sales exceeded 4 billion, an increase of 336%, compared with the corresponding increase of 336%.
The station can work in synergy with the CGIAR’s resource acquisition capacity, and access to more CICA resources has increased the utilization of the receiving station facilities. Double carbon policy has boosted the growth of integrated energy operations.
As early as 2010, companies began exploring distributed energy projects, increasing the number of integrated energy projects cumulatively delivered from 62 to 150 over the past three years, bringing company combined energy sales from 2 billion years, and increasing the number of green factories and low-carbon parks that help clients build to 200.
Prices are undervalued. Given the company’s leading position in the area of urban gas, and at the same time in carbon neutrals and prospects, the company’s integrated energy and gas-source trading operations are growing rapidly, and the company’s performance remains relatively high, with the first “buy-in” rating being covered.
1. Domesticly scarce natural gas up-and-downward integration champions 1.1 Industrial chain integration firms, back-to-back with the New Olympic Group, are an important part of the clean energy industry chain.
The development of resources such as natural gas and coal-based clean energy, in 2020, through the acquisition of 32.8 per cent of New Olympic energy equity, the reorganization of assets, the acquisition of downstream urban gas, energy trade, etc., and the integration of natural gas up and down, became one of the largest private energy enterprises in the country.
The company has continued to expand its operations through mergers and acquisitions since it was listed. In the area of coal industry, between 2011 and 2013, the company added dimethyl ethers, coal and methanol by acquiring 75% of new energy (Hong Jia Harbang) and 100% of new energy (Hong Kong), 100% of new mining and 40% of new energy (Hungry County) shares.
In the area of clean energy, 2014-2016, clean energy operations such as ng, through the acquisition of 45% share in the gas of the Middle Sea oils and the North Sea. In parallel with the expansion of operations, companies sold agricultural and veterinary drugs in 2019, coal dimethyl ether in 2020, gradually dissipating unrelated operations and focusing more on the clean energy industry chain.
The share of trade, energy engineering, chemicals, and coal was close to 90% a year. By 2021, the combined share of retail and wholesale gas had reached 70%, while the share of other operations had declined considerably and was relatively dispersed.
Downstream operations, such as sales, are larger in size, complementary to the company’s upstream operations, and can be restructured to better exploit the synergies of the industrial chain. Upgraded, total annual gas sales were 37.2 billion, or +22%, of which $4.1 billion, or the same.
At the same time, the price of coal rose sharply, the price of pharmaceutical products rose significantly, and the company benefited from higher investment from the joint venture santos and the new Phoenix performance. After restructuring, the company achieved a net return of $4.1 billion in 2021.
The increase over the growth of 94.67 per cent is mainly due to the sharp rise in direct sales by companies in 2021, which led to higher profits in the natural gas business, and to an increase of 44 per cent over the same period in the integrated energy business and a sharper performance in the other sectors, which led to a sharper growth in the Māori ratio, which has remained relatively stable over the last three years, with Māori rates in 2021.
The overall Māori rate will decline if the apparent increase in global ng prices in 2021 increases the costs of wholesale and zero sales of natural gas, which account for the larger company revenues. 2. The energy transition boosts the long-term boom in the gas industry.
2.1 Natural gas development is in line with the two-carbon strategy. In the context of the “carbon peak” “carbon neutral” goal, the global energy structure is moving faster towards cleaner, low-carbon, diversified, coal and oil consumption will decline, and natural gas will become fossil energy, a priority for development in the medium to long term.
Source. According to bp, the use of natural gas has grown rapidly over the past 10 years, accounting for nearly one third of total energy demand growth, more than any other fossil fuel. In 2020, oil and coal accounted for 31.2 per cent and 27.2 per cent of global primary energy consumption, while the share of natural gas rose to an historic high of 24.7 per cent, and will be higher in the future.
On the one hand, despite the relatively rapid pace of renewable energy development, solar, wind and other energy sources face high development costs and unstable supply, so that the share of renewable energy sources (including biofuels but excluding hydropower) remains relatively low, accounting for only 5.7 per cent in 2020 and fossil energy for a considerable period of time in the future.
On the other hand, there are also differences within fossil energy, with relatively low carbon emissions per unit heat from natural gas.
The CO2 emissions from natural gas combustion are about 60% and 75% of coal and crude oil. At the same heat, coal, oil, and natural gas are 1:7:3 and the use of natural gas is more economical and environmentally friendly.
For its part, China announced on September 22, 2020 that it would increase its autonomous contribution to emission reduction, strive for carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions to peak by 2030, and achieve carbon neutrality by 2060. Carbon neutrality and strategy will radically transform our energy consumption structure and accelerate the transition to green low-carbon energy. Specifically, our carbon neutrality will be reduced to a low-carbon energy-based energy-generating phase.
The achievement of the Goals can be broadly divided into the following four phases:
Rapid growth and rapid growth of renewable energy sources. Between 2030 and 2035, total energy consumption platforms blighted and total carbon emissions fluctuated. This period saw an accelerated decline in coal and oil consumption, the full integration of natural gas and renewable energy into development, and a small increase in consumption demand.
Overall energy consumption declined slowly, and demand for natural gas peaked in about 2035. Between 2035 and 2050, total energy consumption declined slowly, and total carbon emissions declined exponentially.
In this period, coal and oil consumption has declined rapidly, leaving the historical stage of primary energy, natural gas and renewable energy have been fully integrated, using a shift in emphasis from final fuel to electricity generation, and consumption has declined slightly at peak levels.
In 2050-2060, total energy consumption continued to decline, and Co2 achieved a net zero-emission phase. During this period, coal, carbon and oil were largely withdrawn, and natural gas continued to support renewable energy through such technologies as gas and electricity combined and carbon capture, enhancing carbon sink and capture by increasing non-co2 greenhouse gas emission reductions.
Thus, as the only low-carbon, clean energy source in fossil energy, natural gas has the advantage of being efficient, high-quality, resource-rich and user-friendly, and can complement renewable energy in the future.
For some time, natural gas has played an important role in the global energy transition. 2.2 Medium- and long-term demand patterns for natural gas have improved.
Growth has continued. Over the past 10 years, the average annual compound growth rate for 2011-2021 was 2.1 per cent. The epidemic was affected by a slight decline in global gas consumption of 2.3 per cent to 3.82 trillion cubic metres in 2020, with gas demand falling by 2.6 per cent and 2.5 per cent in North America and Europe, respectively, while demand in China grew by 6.9 per cent.
Thanks to economic recovery and a series of extreme weather events, global gas consumption reached 3.9 trillion cubic metres in 2021, an increase of 4.5% in comparison, more than double the reduction in 2020. Domestically, policies such as gas adaptation drive prospects for domestic gas demand.
During the 13th Five-Year Period, the country launched the Energy Production and Consumption Revolution Strategy (2016-2030), the 13th Five-Year Plan for Energy Development, and other policies, such as the Opinions on Promoting the Stable Development of Natural Gas, which set a target of 15% of natural gas in primary energy consumption structures by 2030.
In 2021, the country consumed 370 billion cubic metres of natural gas annually. During the decade 2010-2021, the country's natural gas gas industry continued to grow as a result of policies such as the three-year action plan to win the Blue Sky War.
Consumption grew by 11% annually, well above the global average. In 2017, “coal gas conversion” entered the full implementation phase, with national gas consumption remaining at a high rate of about 15% for the second consecutive year, which also led to a rise in the share of natural gas in energy consumption of over 8% in 2021, but still far below the global average, in the future.
In terms of downstream consumption patterns, urban gas, industrial fuels, electricity generation and chemical gas are the main applications. In 2020, the consumption of gas from urban gas panels was 38%, followed by industrial fuel and electricity generation. In the future, policies such as “coal gas conversion” policies, supply-side reforms, and rising demand for electricity in society are driving the future.
The demand for natural gas for urban, industrial and electricity generation in our country is expected to accelerate in the future, the construction of domestic gas networks is expected to accelerate, and the infrastructure of natural gas networks, reception stations, reservoirs, etc. Interconnectivity has contributed to the upgrading of the network’s transmission capacity and has further supported natural gas development.
The baseline scenario set out in the World and China Energy Outlook 2050, published by the University of Technology, predicts an accelerated shift in the global energy structure towards cleaner, low-carbon, diversified energy, a gradual decline in coal and oil consumption, and a medium- and long-term focus on natural gas as fossil energy.
In the context of carbon neutrality and carbon peaks, we project domestic gas demand for 2020-2050, which, depending on the rate of increase in consumption, can be divided into three phases: 1) 2020-2030, energy consumption and total carbon are gradually peaking, while natural gas is making its contribution to low-carbon, clean, spirituality.
2) Between 2030 and 2040, total energy consumption and total carbon emissions declined gradually. In this period, consumption of coal, oil and natural gas has declined at an accelerated rate, and natural gas has been fully integrated with renewable energy, but consumption demand has declined slightly to around 2 per cent, with gas consumption projected to reach 650 billion cubic metres by 2040.
3) In 2040-2050, with the gradual dominance of renewable energy, the full integration of natural gas and renewable energy, and the shift in emphasis from end-fuel to electricity generation, the average annual rate of increase in natural gas production is expected to drop to 0.5 per cent, with gas consumption projected to peak at 69 billion cubic metres by 2050.
2.3 The establishment of the national regulatory network to accelerate the reform of natural gas markets has been carried out in the country on the basis of the general idea of “controlling the middle, freeing the two sides.” This is the liberalization of the competitive chain, the monopolistic chain price control.
In December 2019, the National Investment Commission issued a bulletin on the formation of the National Oil and Gas Network Group Limited, officially declaring the national oil and gas pipeline.
Network companies were formed; in October 2020, three barrels of oil, etc., were officially transferred to the national network group, marking the formal formation of the national network group; and on 31 March 2021, the national network group completed the consolidation of assets of the Chinese gas and gas backbone network, which resulted in the implementation of a full network of gas and gas backbones.
At present, the National Networking Group has 92,000 km of oil and gas pipelines, five reservoirs, seven coastal lang reception stations, with assets of close to $800 billion. Because of their size and exclusive operation, the National Networking Group has a strong industrial control and voice, which will play the following role:
1) It is expected that progress will be made in the construction of a “one network for the country.” The National Network is primarily responsible for the construction and interconnection of oil and gas main pipelines, the consolidation of the national network, the formation of a “one network for the country” and the construction of a “x+1+x” industry chain model.
The independent operation of the network will further promote diversification of investments in the gas industry, accelerate the construction of infrastructure such as the long pipeline network and the feeder network, and guarantee a stable supply of natural gas.
2) It is hoped to accelerate the equitable opening of the lng receiving station to third-party market players. Due to the size of the investment in the lng receiving station, the difficulty of approving it, the complexity of building technology and operating management, etc., there is a natural monopoly. By the end of 2020, there were 22 ng receiving stations in the country, three of which were shipped.
Each year, three barrels of lng imports accounted for 88.60 per cent, 86.58 per cent, 89.75 per cent, and our suppliers in the ng industry were highly concentrated. The high degree of monopoly at the lng receiving station not only constrained the upgrading of our supply capacity, but also restricted the participation of more ng market players in upstream international lang
One of the objectives of the National Network was to “promote the creation of a multi-channel supply of resources from upstream sources”, the announcement in the future lang year that the remaining capacity of the ling receiving station will be concentrated on the list of round-trailers, and the entry of 54 companies, such as Victory Energy, into the net “access to the first consignment”, which marks a fair opening of the lang receiving station to third-party market players.
At the same time, for the first time, the National Management Network opened up an application mechanism for cross-provincial pipeline shipping capacity, a reservoir capacity of 23 and medium- and long-term windows at receiving stations to provide market participants with greater flexibility in the procurement, distribution, storage, and supply of resources.
As more market players enter the upstream procurement chain, the situation of the three major oil companies controlling the ng upstream resources will be broken. The choice of gas gas sources for gas-emitting companies will be effectively expanded, and adequate market competition will be effective in reducing future procurement costs for firms.
The five major gas groups that are managed, namely, China Ride Gas, Kunon Energy, New Olympic Energy, Hong Kong China Gas Group, and China. Meanwhile, regional gas companies such as the Beijing Gas Group, Shanghai Gas, Shenzhen Gas, etc. are developing rapidly, and are gradually remitting radiation to surrounding areas.
The medium- and long-term benefits of market-based reforms. 3. Resource and channel advantages contribute to the rapid development of the city’s flaring business.
Domestic resource acquisition comes mainly from pipeline and non-conventional gas. For pipeline gas, companies work strategically with three barrels of oil to cover a total of about 36 billion cubic metres of gas per year, with a relatively stable supply.
Shanxi is the country’s main coal-bed gas-producing area, while Chongqing is the country’s shale-gas-producing area, where the company owns two major gas-producing plants, the Shanxi Water and Liquefied and the Chongqing Long Liquefied plants, with a combined capacity of 300,000 tonnes/year. Depending on local non-conventional gas resources, there is much room for growth:
According to the National Statistical Yearbook 2020, by the end of 2019, the amount of natural gas, shale gas and gas technology available in the country was 5,966,580 million cubic metres, 384.18 billion cubic metres and 3,818 billion cubic metres, respectively.
30.0470 billion cubic metres, of which areas such as the Sichuan Basin, the Ordos Basin, the Tarimu Basin and the Sea have been added to the regular natural gas reserves; in the Changning Shale Gas Field, the Hueong Shale Gas Field and the Sun Shale Gas Field in the Sichuan Basin, there has been a significant increase in the additional shale gas reserves, resulting in a large shale gas reserves of hundreds of millions of cubic metres in Kawanan.
In 2021, China registered more than 1.5 trillion cubic metres of new natural gas reserves, the highest ever. Of these, shale gas reserves increased more than twice as much as in the previous year. Shale gas accounted for 11.2 per cent of China ' s total natural gas production, up from 10.6 per cent in 2020.
In the context of an increase in the supply of non-conventional gas in the country, companies continue to follow up non-conventional gas fields in areas rich in resources such as Shanxi, Shaanxi and Kawasaki, and will participate in a flexible manner in terms of money, technology, services, etc., and will receive a comparable share of the gas, of which the cumulative non-conventional resources acquired by companies in 2021 will be close to 500 million cubic metres.
In terms of international resources, companies hold a wealth of long-term resources and supply is stable over the long term. In general, long-term supply runs for 10-20 years, allowing stable and price competition through the signing of more stable long-term supplies.
We have signed seven long-range resources, four of which were signed in 2021 with the Russian company Novatek for 600,000 tons a year: March 2022, the subsidiary Singapore Singapore and New Olympic Trading signed with the export company Etlng.
(b) In April 2022, Singapore and rglng signed an annual long lease of 1.5 million tons. It is expected to start as early as 2026, with a contract term of 20 years.
On the one hand, because the Department has its own receiving station and a well-developed downstream distribution channel, it is possible to sign these unional resources. If only the downstream distribution channel has no receiving station, it is difficult to sign the long contract with the national receiving station, because after signing the long contract, it will be difficult to sign it.
The company may not necessarily have access to the receiving station during a fixed ship term. On the other hand, the company’s use of the lang facility has also been enhanced through the signing of the LTA’s resources, and this synergy is also a competitive advantage for the company.
Index linkages, such as henryhub (United States gas futures index at the port of Henry), ttf (Netherlands Property Transfer Facility index), jkm (North-East Asia lang spot price), jcc (Japan crude oil composite index), are less volatile than the jkm index, which is linked to the spot, and long-term henryhub settlement prices, especially in the last two years.
Against the backdrop of the sharp rise in gas prices, the prices of the Association are more competitive than the current spot prices, helping companies to build stable and price-competitive resources.
As the first private enterprise to be involved in the supply of natural gas, it has a country-wide reach, with a pre-eminence and a large-scale advantage in terms of access. The company has been deep-farming the gas downstream for more than 20 years, and its precision in the energy needs of its customers, such as urban gas, industry, power plants, transportation energy, etc., can better provide individualized energy supplies to its customers.
These innovative business models help companies to expand their client base, increase client stickivity, and promote the continuous expansion of the public sector’s operations. In the last five years, the number of company-owned urban gas projects has risen from 172 to 252 in 2021, with cagr reaching 10%, covering 20 provinces, cities and autonomous regions, including Guangdong, Zhejiang, Shanghai, etc.
In terms of user structure, retail sales by business customers are growing at the fastest and highest rate. For residential users, the cumulative number of home users has grown significantly over the past five years to 2,583.5 million in 2021, up to 13 per cent; For business users, in the context of double carbon policy, green transformations have accelerated in various areas.
Users are gaining access to gas and new projects, and the company ' s customer size and gas distribution network will be further expanded. Over the past five years, the number of business users has grown significantly to 202,000, with cagr reaching 24%. As the number of business users grows faster than the number of residential users, it has also led to higher retail sales of company gas, with a higher share in 2021.
With the increase in urban gas projects and the increase in the number of users, the volume of retail and wholesale gas from companies has been rising. Over the past decade, the volume of retail gas from companies has increased from 4.8 billion to 25.27 billion, with a compound increase of 18%.
Wholesale gas has increased from 1,231 million cubic metres to 7,616 million cubic metres, providing companies with a stable demand for natural gas. As a result, in 2021, the company generated 49,247 million yuan in retail gas, a year-on-year increase.
1) Companies take advantage of their pre-existing advantages to take advantage of markets in developed regions and have a greater potential for business expansion. Companies have been swimming beneath natural gas for more than 20 years, and have completed deep layouts in economically developed regions and major population provinces.
Provinces or large departments of the population, the top six of which account for more than 60 per cent of the total, have a more concentrated layout. This has two major advantages for companies: on the one hand, the large number of businesses in the more economically advanced regions, and hence the number of business users, which has contributed to the fact that business users account for about 75 per cent of retail gas sales over the years.
On the one hand, the economically developed regions are more attractive to the population and are expected to maintain a net inflow in the medium to long term, favourable to an increase in the number of new residential users, while, on the other hand, the developed regions have a stronger consumer capacity and a better company development 2), the level of urbanization continues to rise, and the rate of corporate gasification is expected to continue to grow.
The rate has risen from 50% to more than 60%, but in the development of the developed world, Germany and the United States have already achieved 60% urbanization in the 1950s. There is still much room for domestic urbanization.
As the country’s rate of urbanization rises, firms’ coverage of regional gasification has increased from 35 to 62.4%, leaving much room for growth relative to 90% of mature projects.
4.1 Coal-based clean-energy operations are relatively stable. The company’s coal operations are mainly carried out by the subsidiaries.
In May, 8 million tons of additional capacity was officially obtained from the Energy Agency of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, which was expanded from 6.8 million tons per year to 8 million tons per year, and the release of capacity provided some guarantee for the recovery of production.
Other impurities are low and can be used as raw materials for the coal industry, and, over the past few years, as a result of the volatility of coal prices and production, plate harvests have fluctuated considerably. Except for 2021, when conditions deteriorated, companies properly reduced the rate of recovery to ensure safe production, and at the beginning of the year the company commissioned the harvest.
In the event of a sub-welling accident by a tripartite contractor, the company shut down the coal mine, affecting sales throughout the year. However, owing to the large increase in coal prices in 2021, the yield of coal plates increased by 43 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Figure 17: Changes in the revenue and speed of coal operations (billion yuan, %)
The coal industry is expected to increase steadily in the next few years. In terms of production, domestic coal production is slow to release energy in combination with safety, environmental protection, and coal ticket control. According to the Association of Coal Industries, by the end of the 14th century, the number of coal mines in the country is controlled at 4,000, and small and backward coal mines in the eastern part of the country will be withdrawn.
At the same time, the amount of coal imported is affected by the epidemic, geopolitics, and it is difficult to increase significantly. At the demand level, the demand for coal is suppressed under carbon-neutral and targeted pressure.
The Carbon Industry Association's “145” Quality Development Guidance for the Coal Industry, by the end of the 14th century, domestic coal production was controlled at around 4.1 billion tons, national coal consumption at around 4.2 billion tons, and annual average consumption increased by about 0.5%.
However, in the context of the company's recovery in coal production, the company's coal business is expected to continue in 2022, and the company's methanol business is largely based on the new energy sources of the subsidiary. There are currently two production units with a combined design product of 1.2 million tonnes/year. The company's clients are currently concentrated in large and medium-sized terminal chemical industries and have gradually expanded.
Over the past few years, after the release of 600,000 tons in 2018, the company has been relatively stable for nearly three years. In 2021, the company managed to sell 1.42 million tons of methanol, a slight decline compared to the previous year, but in coal and the sky.
The price of the base raw materials of methanol, such as gas, has increased significantly, resulting in a 45 per cent increase in corporate revenue to $2.8 billion. Figure 19: Changes in methanol operations (billions, %)
In the next few years, the performance of methanol operations will be limited. Under policies such as carbon neutrality, energy consumption control, in mid-2021, the production of methanol could reach 97.775 million tons, down slightly from 2020, with relatively little subsequent additional capacity. On the demand side, the traditional demand is more divided, with the acetic acid industry relatively active, while formaldehyde and dimethyl ether are limited by industrial policy.
The demand for methanol has also slowed as investment in the mto sector has declined, and the industry has entered a period of adjustment in which future supply and demand are expected to remain even. The expected growth in methanol performance is limited in the context of a relatively stable market for methanol in companies.
In the context of an outbreak of demand, the private channel becomes a scarce resource in the market. During the market, which relies mainly on the lang station, it receives overseas resources, but it is large-scale, difficult to approve and build.
By the end of 2021, 22 eng reception stations had been delivered, with a total of 9.15 million tonnes per year (approximately 1281 billion cubic metres). Of these, 17 were invested in construction by three oil companies and five operators, including the New Olympics.
Ing imports are concentrated in three barrels of oil, with a very small number of large private enterprises buying directly from abroad from their own lng receiving stations. In 2018-2020, three barrels of lng imports accounted for 88.60%, 86.58%, and 89.75% of the total imports of lng, respectively, for private enterprises.
The first large lng receiving station to be invested and operated by a private enterprise was the first to have an advantage over other private receiving stations. The first phase of the project was successfully launched in 2018, and the second phase was completed and operational in June 2021. The company started in 2021, following a major recapitalization of New Olympic energy in 2020.
The installation of the Nuevo Ochang lng receiving station was initiated. After the second stage, the processing capacity reached about 8 million tons, and three are now being approved by the Zhejiang Provincial Development and Rehabilitation Board. The construction is expected to be completed by mid-2024, when the company receiving station will have a liquidity of 10 million tons, far larger than the other private receiving stations.
The company has the following advantages: 1) The company’s direct natural gas sales operations are growing rapidly at the Itork Hill lng receiving station. Through the company’s canon receiving station, the company can import more gas from abroad. In 2021, gas was sold directly to more than 4 billion people.
This represents an increase of 336% in the same year, and an increase of 266% in the revenue generated by direct sales. In the future, direct sales of ng imported by companies will have greater potential for growth, with the tription and operation of the canyon receiving station and the opening of the NMN window, and the expected rate of growth in direct sales is expected to remain at around 50%, contributing to overall performance improvement.
If only downstream distribution channels do not have a receiving station, it will be difficult to sign a long contract with the country's receiving station and obtain more from abroad.
With its resources also increasing the use of the canoe reception facility, this synergy is also a competitive advantage for companies, which have more business options and flexibility in terms of “international domestic, gas-liquid, triangular, spot-based, paper-based” and so on.
4.3 The two-carbon policy promotes a boom in integrated energy operations. In the context of the two-carbon context, integrated energy development is protected by national policies. In March 2021, the National Development and Development Reform Commission and the National Energy Authority jointly issued a report entitled " Promoting the integration of power grids and their complementarities " .
1. Building integrated energy systems can integrate a wide range of energy sources in the region, such as renewable energy sources, natural gas, ... achieving coordinated planning, optimizing operation of heterogeneous energy subsystems, effectively improving energy efficiency and promoting energy sustainability
2) Integrated energy systems based on a combination of natural gas cold heat and power supply, distributed energy and energy-smart microgrids allow for multi-energy co-supply and integrated energy ladder utilization, improve energy system efficiency and reduce energy production The integrated energy operations of companies have a pre-emptive advantage. The integrated energy operations of companies integrate photovoltaics, geothermals, and biomass.
When renewable energy applications pursue clean energy priorities, multi-energy complementarities, energy ladder utilization, energy efficiency, and reduced emissions are consistent with national carbon-reduction targets. As early as 2010, companies began exploring distributed energy projects, and their integrated energy operations developed rapidly as a result of technological accumulation and client development.
In terms of the number of IEPs delivered, over the past three years, the cumulative number of IEPs delivered has increased from 62 to 100 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of almost 10 times, leading to a significant increase in block revenues to $7.8 billion in 2021. At present, 42 IEPs are being built, and when all IEPs are under construction and are under way, the demand for IEPs will be met.
Based on the synergies of the Integrated Energy Programme, companies are actively deploying new energy sectors. These are distributed light voltage, which has been contracted up to 380 megawatts in the year; promoting a low-carbon transition in the transport sector with a uniform model, uniform specifications, and pilot projects for the construction of charging and switching power stations in Quanzhou and Shanghai, with a total of 20 currently in progress and more than 25 in progress;
At the same time, the company went deep into the hydrogen energy track, with 14 hydrogen patents, and 32 hydrogen projects were being built and delivered. Of these, the company worked with the Chinese shipworker, “718,” to build hydrogen energy industrialization at the Cheong family entrance in Hebei, applied a demonstration park and accompanied the Hydrogen Station Project, and provided more than 300 hydrogen fuel buses for the Zhang family area at the Beijing Winter Olympics.
As the country’s first gas company with a specific carbon-reduction plan, the company’s integrated energy business has great prospects for growth. The company focuses on developing low-carbon parks, low-carbon plants, low-carbon buildings, low-carbon transport, and four main categories of customers.
Integrated solutions are introduced, with a strong effort to develop end-use side-service services such as energy conservation, process optimization, and energy facility hosting operations. Ecoparks and industrial parks currently cover more than 40 cities. Low-carbon plants have the largest demand for supply and consumption, with a total of 3,694 million yuan in 2021, an increase of 53 per cent over the same period;
The most notable improvement in low-carbon parks was in 2021, when companies launched 52 low-carbon parks with a doubling of revenues to $2 billion. According to the company’s plan, by 2025, 50 green jobs will be built in industrial customers and industrial parks.
5. Basic assumptions and profit projections Urban gas operations: Urban gas operations are divided mainly into retail, wholesale and retail operations of natural gas, with retail and wholesale operations benefiting mainly from the expansion of business clients and residential users, taking into account the still existing rate of urbanization in the country
Greater upscaling space, increased number of new residential users, and the need to renovate old houses will drive steady business growth. Direct sales of natural gas: direct sales will benefit mainly from improved reception capacity at the Nakayama receiving station, and in the future, with the launch and operation of the Arkayama receiving station and the opening up of the National Networking Corporation window, companies will enter the future.
Engineering and installation operations: the company’s engineering and installation operations include engineering and gas installation operations.
The gas installation operation will benefit from the Department’s nationalization, as well as the upgrading of urbanization, which will lead to relatively smooth growth in the future.
Clean energy priorities, improved energy efficiency, and reduced emissions are consistent with national carbon reduction targets. Therefore, integrated energy operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in carbon neutrals and settings. Coal clean energy operations: this includes coal and methanol production and marketing operations. Carbon neutral, energy-consuming.
In the future, the company will focus more on the natural gas industry chain, counting the coal clean energy business as a whole. Given the course of the company and its main business, we have selected the Cumlon energy, the New Olympic energy, and the Chinese fuel.
These three listed companies are comparable companies. Given the company’s leading position in the area of urban gas and the rapid development of its integrated energy and gas trade operations under carbon neutrality and foresight, companies should have a leading role in the gas sector, while, under carbon neutrality and foresight, integrated energy and gas trading.
International market indices are usually linked to some market index or ng international price index for crude oil. If the lang market index or the crude oil market index fluctuates sharply, the company’s upstream international procurement price will follow.
The currency is predominantly the United States dollar. If the renminbi fluctuates sharply against the United States dollar, the company’s settled procurement costs will also fluctuate.
The Division will face the risk of increased procurement costs and loss on exchange, or of non-operational international procurement. The risk of “negotiation” of the procurement model.
The seller may claim compensation for the seller’s loss if the seller’s supply of the goods does not meet the contract agreement. The buyer may demand compensation for the actual delivery of the goods if the company causes it to do so for corporate reasons.
If the amount falls short of the contractual amount agreed upon in the “pay-as-you-go” contract and the company and the upstream supplier are unable to negotiate adjustments or the company is unable to assist the seller in finding a suitable third party for resale, the company may run the risk of compensating the seller for the portion of the uncompleted contract amount.
The process of purchasing, producing, storing, transporting, and selling the company’s products is a high security requirement. If the company does not operate properly and does not manage properly in the product flow chain, it creates a security risk.
To ensure safe production, the company has put in place an adequate system for preventing, monitoring, warning and mitigating security risks, as well as a safety management system and operating protocols. No major security incidents have occurred since the establishment of the company; but if the public administration does not maintain good safety in the management of production, it will not be able to completely rule out security incidents.
The new coronary virus pneumonia epidemic erupted in 2020 and spread globally, with some adverse effects on company upstream procurement and downstream sales. The company is now back to normal.
My research view is that any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There are market risks, and investors are determined to be legally qualified firms for portfolio investment advice. The funders should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks.