Medicine (603259.sh)
Core operations continue to grow robustly: at the income end, the two major business sectors of the company's core — the cro service and the cmo/cdmo service — continued to grow robustly in 2018 at a rate of 23.0 per cent and 28.0 per cent, respectively. A further breakdown of the cro business reveals that the performance of the Central American and United States laboratories is different:
(1) The Chinese district laboratory services cover all stages of detection, development and development of small molecular chemicals, with a steady increase of 24.1 per cent: (2) the United States district laboratory services consist mainly of cdmo services for cellular and gene therapy products and medical instrument detection services, with a sharp decline in the rate of income growth from 21.4 per cent in 2017 to 6.1 per cent, the main factor being the increase in the number of laboratories in the region.
Since the Cdmo service, a product of 1 cellular and gene therapy, is a new business that the company is actively nurturing, it is still in the productive and build-up phase, which is delaying the growth of performance, and the revenue from this business is expected to return to normal growth levels in the future, pending the gradual release of the capacity; and the company ' s medical equipment testing service for 2218 is due to a major strategic client.
In the second half of 2018, the company actively expanded the new client base and effectively increased the success rate of the client contract. The business ring was improved by the fact that the company had more customers than the country.
Foreign pharmaceutical enterprises, especially drug discovery and cmo/cdmo operations, accounting for foreign currencies, exchange rate fluctuations have had a greater impact on company performance, measured at the same exchange rate in 2017, and corporate income increased further in 2018 by 25.4 per cent to 9,739 million yuan. On the other hand, companies continue to be active.
The layout of the clinical co-operation has had some success, with revenues growing by 64.2 per cent in 2018 over the same period. At the cost end, the company ' s control over costs improved in 2018, while the cost of R & D continued to grow at a high rate of more than 40 per cent, accelerating the construction and upgrading of the company ' s technology platforms.
Non-recurrent gains and losses amounting to $702 million, mainly as a result of large shifts in fair value resulting from changes in financial instruments, which is also the main reason for the greater correlation between the net profit of the parent and the amount of non-net profit deductions, with short- and medium-term performance guarantees and long-term imagination: the company is the absolute dragon in the domestic cro/cmo chain.
Pharmacy Mind: h shares are publicly released, cro unicorns are rising, and markets are strong. Benefit from (1) medical reform policies that stimulate the expansion of demand in the domestic market for new drug research and development (2) cost advantages that lead to a global shift of cro/cmo production capacity to China, corporate drug discovery and pre-cro and clinical pre-cro and
Pharmacy Condé: Pharmacism II: Deep development of traditional business, cmo/cdmo operations will continue to grow relatively robustly for some time to come, and in the short term they will remain the emerging technology of the company's forward-looking layout — the wheel of Pharmacén Condé
The most central driving force for performance growth; in the medium term, as the company's current relatively weak clinical layout of the cro business evolves, the business plate is expected to become a new performance growth point, while the aid company completes the whole picture.
Cro/cmo industrial chain, enhancing synergies between business plates, digging up “Long-tail customers”; in the long run, companies are currently trying to engage in cutting-edge advanced technologies (e.g. Car-t, Phenomenon, Phenomenal Anti-bacterials, Pharmacy Conde: Cro Dragon Head Return, Medicine Unicorn Wave).
When it matures in the future, it will be an important tool for companies to build a large healthy eco-region and promote corporate dollars. Based on (i) the company’s global market position and strong competitiveness in drug discovery and pre-cro, (ii) the “engineer dividend” gives domestic cro firms a cost lead (3) the company’s clinical lead.
Cro’s high business growth potential (4) Global capacity transfer benefits from domestic cmo/cdmo enterprises (5) Minconde’s large-scale advantage in small molecular drug cmo/cdmo (6) The corporate investment business returns are gradually emerging, maintaining the company’s buy-b rating.