The lead in pharmaceutical biology continues to be in the lead, and the emerging areas are far-reaching, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) continues to play a leading role.
• Income growth has stabilized, and profits from regional operations and investment earnings in China have increased. 1) The expansion of the Chinese market has led to an increase in domestic revenue of 59.3 per cent, while the appreciation of the renminbi has led to an increase in the book value of China's Māori; 2) Increased fair value of investment funds, mainly from investment unitybiotechnology, Humedicine
The current gain or loss of $620 million from changes in the fair value of companies also highlights the company ' s investment eye; (3) profits from core business are growing rapidly, with the main business of $3.79 billion, which is emerging from the 2017 Growth and Integration Platform, and the company ' s strategy to expand services following the development phase of the drug molecules is expected to be phased in.
In 2018, help clients completed the ind declaration of 27 small molecular innovations and obtained a clinical trial batch (cta) of 17 projects: the company cumulatively completed the ind declaration of 55 projects and obtained a cta of 34 projects. In addition, the company helped with Gonowey, the new hepatitis C drug for the gory drug, and wrote yellow.
In the next 10 years, during the rapid development of domestic innovation, companies will benefit from the dividends of the rapid development of domestic innovation. The company is already pre-clinical and pre-clinical.
• The company has an international vision and scientific height, and the emerging industry is helping to build the future. July 2018.
The company acquired the United States coco firm wuxiclinicaldevelopment (researchpoint global) to test the overseas clinical trial service, in line with the global trend of multi-centre clinical trials. In recent years, the Department of Public Justice has invested in electropharmaceuticals, wiximedimmunes, medicine, etc.
Companies such as Meng-nog, pagelux, which cover medical health data, doctor education, innovative medicine orientations, are committed to further reaching out to more participants in healthy pharmaceutical ecosystems and maintaining a scientific frontline for future harvests, one of the global drug research and development platforms, and will benefit from the fast-growing Chinese innovation industry.
A high-speed development dividend for domestic innovation medicines. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Risks of asset price volatility.
It is clear that the excess performance expectations (2018-08-22) have not resulted from, and will not result from, any form of direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.