Performance forecast is slightly over-expected, the main camp continues to grow high, the drug Ming Cond was evaluated at 603259 events, the drug Ming Condt.
Jan Joki, billion yuan to 2,282 million yuan, an increase of 70 to 86 per cent from the same year; net profit from deductions from back-to-back payments. 1. Performance forecast is slightly higher, leading to high growth.
During the year 2018, the net return to the mother is expected to range from RMB 2,086 million to RMB 2,282 million, with continued high growth compared to Cmo/cdmo and clinical coro, with a significant increase in the fair value of financial assets.
The change in accounting standards by the first half of the year resulted in significant recognition of the return on fair value changes in financial assets Impact: net profit gains from withholdings in the fourth quarter of 2018 were increased by -9 per cent in the first quarter of the quarter, while the growth of major business continued to be high.
The three-quarter review of Pharmacy Condé (603259), 2018:2 The global leading medical outsourcing giants, with significant advantages of integrated services, grew robustly in the main camp and outperformed their overall performance.
The company is the number one in the country, the world's leading R & D production outsourcing service giant, and has been evaluated in mid-2018 in Pharmacy Condt (603259): The current industry chain of drug R & D, production and commercialization services is fully covered, far beyond the rest of the country's cro
Overall performance is higher than expected, and medical outsourcing takes the lead, or cmo. In the broader context of the high profile of the industry around the world, corporate integration of outsourcing services provides great competitiveness as long-term cooperative clients continue to contract with long-tailed customers.
Rapid growth, with pre-cro, clinical coro, cmo/cdmo and cell gene therapy operations expected to lead to more flowering and stable growth at a high rate.3 In-depth exposure to the research and development front end, capital operations add new bright spots
Long-term collaboration between companies and leading multinational pharmaceutical companies around the world, with close access to the front end of the pharmaceutical research and development process, with better judgement on new drug research and development projects in the biopharmaceutical industry and high-quality companies, continued capital additions and commitment
Investing in an excellent innovative medicine project with projected fair value changes in financial assets in 2018, the source of financial wisdom in the East, Ming Condé (603259): slightly over-expected performance and high growth in the main camp.
The advantages of the integration of the R & D outsourcing giants, cro, cmo/cdmo industrial chains, which have benefited significantly from the high-profile pharmaceutical innovation service track, and the rapid development of R & D production services and capital operations, which combine precision medicine, quality standard medical equipment testing, are expected to stabilize over the long term in the future Growth, maintaining a “very recommended” rating.
Uncertainty as to the return on fair value changes; lack of progress in industrial policy; lack of progress in fund-raising projects; risks of competition in industry; loss of exchange rate; source of financial and intellectual growth in the East; source of financial and intellectual growth in the East
Pharmacy (603259): Performance forecast is slightly over-expected, the main camp is still growing, Yang Jogi, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, good at understanding the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, and then Cho.
The research assistant profiles his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.