Profit leads the business, deposits increase and liquidity are abundant, profits keep up high, net profit spreads keep up high. Net profits keep up high. 17q1ning, 29 May 2017.
The net return profits of Bo Bank grew by 16.2 per cent over the same period, at the forefront of the comptoirs in the upper city; in the context of the mpa test, the broad credit increase was limited, but the net profits were still valid, Martinine.
High growth, high profitability. Net interest differentials have risen considerably. 17q1 Ningbo Bank net interest differentials are 2.14 per cent, up 19bps from 16 years, mainly due to loan earnings up and interest-bearing asset structure optimized. Cost-earning ratios have improved.
Informationalization of business lines, active opening of new networks to scale up operations, and promotion of information technology and electronic channels, with cost revenues slightly higher than comparable banks. But, compared to the same period last year, Ningpo Bank cost revenues decreased by 1.62 pc, and operating efficiency decreased by 1.62 pc.
Traditional liabilities have a significant advantage and are liquid. Deposits continue to grow at a high rate, with low pressure on liabilities. At the end of 16 years, Ningpo Bank had a deposit balance of 511.4 billion, an increase of more than 150 billion, or 43.78 per cent, compared to the beginning of the year, which is significantly higher than comparable listings; the loan ratio was less than that.
55%, the lowest among comparable banks. There is sufficient liquidity, and there is a small issue of a trade paper. By the end of May, Ningpo Bank ' s unexpired joint inventory was about 93.3 billion yuan, representing 10.75% of total liabilities, even though it was included in the peer liability review.
There is a strong demand for credit, a steady quality of assets, and an adequate provision. There is a strong demand for social financing. The Ningpo Bank is concentrated in Zhejiang and Jiangsu provinces, with a 16-year loan ratio of more than 80%, including more than 60% in Zhejiang province.
A quarter of social finance amounts to $38.57 billion, which is the highest in the country. Basic data (2016) are robust, concern is double-deep with overdue loans, and the pressure is reduced.
The negative rate was 0.91 per cent, which was the same as last year, and was better than that of peers; 16 years after a comparison of interest-type loans, Zhejiang has seen a cumulative decline in industrial losses since the end of the 16-year period, business performance has improved and pressure on future non-performing loans has been decreasing.
At the end of the quarter, the Ningpo Bank was able to cover 372.62 per cent, up from 16 years.
2. Weekly reports on industry: the Banking Supervisory Board informs the regulatory priorities, and the April Financial Data and Social Integration Data Point Review: Bvps of $13.37 and $15.52 per share.
With credit demand strong, asset quality is expected to continue to improve, and provision is expected to be adequate. The push for targeted increases and the issuance of tradable debt to supplement capital will lay the foundation for future growth on a scale.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board