H1 Mäori performance growth rate has increased significantly - Mid-City News semi-annual report reviews. Companies issued their semi-annual performance report 2023: 2023h1, during the reporting period, China-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chu became operational.
Cao Xuant's collection was slightly lower than we had expected, mainly because of the pressure on the domestic market and the decline in global cellular output, but the company's overall performance remained positive during the first half of the year. We believe that the current global digital economy is bogged down.
Zhang Jianyu has developed, the infrastructure of the digital economy remains promising, and companies will continue to benefit. The company’s Māori ratio has increased significantly, and research and development has continued to grow.
The growth in the Māori rate of the network of operators as a result of changes in income structure and cost optimization, with the Māori rate of the network of operators being 54.2 per cent, an increase of 8.89 percentage points over the same period.
The network of operators generated $40.810 billion, an increase of 5.4 per cent over the same period. The Division released the g5 series of servers, and launched a new generation of 400ge/800ge data centre switches.
For government enterprises, companies expand the Internet and the financial sector, while increasing research on the latest platform-ai services that can support large model training.
Consumer operations generated $14.2 billion, a 2.6 per cent decrease in the same year, were oriented towards consumers, company-based systems in Myos were seamlessly connected to different equipments, and 5gmb&fwa maintained a full shipment lead, while multi-inventive products were released to enrich the product matrix.
Assessment: q1 performance exceeded expected net profits by a significant 5g below expectations, trade friction between Central America and the United States further escalated, and macroeconomic recession abroad.
3 Quarterly Reportpoints of Mid-Engineers (000063.sz): q3 performances in line with expected fast-growing second curves 2022-10-30
JANG Jianyu, Master of Engineering, Beijing University of Science and Technology, who has been working in China and China for several years, has joined the Port-of-Hong Kong Stock Exchange in November 2021, serving as a research assistant. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The investors should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and take their own investment risks.