Self-researching database goldendb leads the financial and operator market, assisted national production substitution event: 2 August, according to the Chinese Communications Micromessage public, the Open-Bank Inc. announced its successful launch of a large new banking core system based on a national production distributed database goldendb
The central communications line (000063.sz), which, with the successful launch of the project, marks the autonomous control of the OBS core business system. Goldendb continues to take the lead in the financial and operator markets, helping to replace national production.
In 2022, when the payment centre and the Internet were successfully launched, the central branch of distributed banking was successfully re-established, taking another step towards the ownership of the entire database. In the area of databases, companies have accumulated more than 18 years of technology.
The version of the goldendb product has evolved from 1.0 to 7.0, bringing about a continuous upscaling from stock-based to state-owned industries to mixed transaction load scenarios. As of May this year, the brand-new goldendb v7.1 has achieved a full-scale improvement in functionality, performance and security.
1) In the financial markets, to date, Goldendb has become the only one in the industry that has achieved full coverage: policy banks, State-owned major banks (workshops, construction banks, middle-line banks), stock-stock companies (Sino-Sin, Hiroshi, Guangta, Poi-feng, Min-seung, Jin-hai, Heung-fung and others), municipal comptoirs, agricultural comptoirs and securities agencies (Thai-Anse).
In addition, Goldendb has completed the production of the transactional disaster preparedness system in Chiang Ying, and is in the process of testing the machine room trading system.
Practice No.: The $1500521000002 goldendb distributed database has served 40+ financial institutions and has been responsible for nuclear business development in more than 30 financial institutions.
According to the Cook Market Report, the combined competitive performance of the goldendb market is the number one.2) In the operator market, goldendb received a first share of China's move (70%) and China's national production database (60%) in August and September 2022.
In September 2022, the Centre for Development Studies published the Telecommunication Industry Database Product Rating List, which is ranked first in all by Goldendb. Goldendb has outperformed the core business of the operator industry.
Companies, as global leaders in integrated communications manufacturing and global communications solutions providers, do not have a whole industry chain, opening a new path - a change in value, cutting off core business database innovation in the financial and operator fields.
The importance of information security has become increasingly important under the current series Deep 3 (Arithmetic), and we believe that the business of the database is expected to benefit in the long term as the competition in the area of corporate databases continues with a wave of national substitution.
"Climate Communications: Full Screen Power Global Lead, Consumer Electronics Return - Value Realization at Depth 2 (Consumption Electronics)"
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Operator server market: Server products are strong, ranked first among multiple operators, and we believe that digital economy construction was one of the main lines of national development in 2023, network infrastructure was either to be accelerated, capital spending on numeracy by all three operators remained at a pace of more than 20% in 2023, with central benefits expected from communications.
In the telecommunications server industry, the company’s servers and storage products are the first to deliver, with a market share of more than 25%, and have taken the lead in a number of merchants’ collections, with the telecommunications market x 86 servers ranked first in 2022 at 175,000 deliveries, and the main supplier in the country’s three largest operators. In the three operators’ server collections, the largest share of these projects is:
1) The company achieved full contract coverage in the central purchase of servers in China ' s telecommunications 2022-2023, with the first share, with the first in packages 1, 4 and 6 and the second in packages 2, 3 and 7. 2) The company has the first share in the central purchase of the 2022 cloud server in China, with the first in the total; and the first in the 2022-
In 2024, China connected international servers were ranked second in the central purchase slot 1; in 2022, China joined the third in the central acquisition of an artificial intelligence service; and in 2022, China ' s combined share of the general access server collection was second in total. 3) The company moved China 2019-2020, 2020 pc servers, 2021-2022pc servers collections (net cloud)
Second in total share of China ' s 2021-2022pc server collection (first batch); third in total share of China ' s 2021-2022pc server collection (second batch, 1-6 package); second in China ' s 2022 government firm client computing server collection: third in China ' s mobile centralized network cloud pool
The number includes the share of Xinhua San and Uttar Pradesh.
On March 16, \triangleright, according to the China-China Communications Micro-Credit, the China-China Communications and the People's Congress jointly announced that the Chinese-China Communications Server would support 100-degree “one word” to provide a stronger numeracy support for the use of the one's products and to contribute to the industrialization of the one's applications and ecological prosperity.
“One Word” is a 100-degree-based generation-ai product based on big-minded model technology, with multi-module, cross-linguistic deep-semantics understanding and generation capabilities, and “one Word” will provide industry with a sense-of-the-art service through a 100-degree cloud. With regard to server products, the company’s server products fully meet 100-degree customization requirements, targeting 100-degree intelligent cloudai, in-depth learning.
The need for high density, modularization, precision design, high performance, high reliability, easy to expand, easy to manage, and excellent performance in the fields of ai, cloud computing, big data, nfv, applied to 100-degree brain and oar depth learning platforms.
We believe that this collaboration reflects the Department’s strong ability to provide a solution for the one server, which can fully meet the high demand for the one model and the enormous amount of data to be swallowed. In the future, as the national production of the one model continues to evolve, the one that is being applied downstream will be located.
To date, the company’s latest R6500g5gpu server has been able to support 20 single, half-wide gpu acceleration cards with high density numeracy, flexible expansion, isotopic numeracy, mass storage, stable reliability, and a two-way maximum of 120 nuclear, ai.
At the Intercom 2022 Annual Press Interpretation Exchange, companies said they were on track to launch a gpu server and a high-performance switch in support of chhatgpt by the end of the year, and in 2023 they were expected to double the number of central exchanges, while companies were the world’s leading provider of the ict solution, with strong research and development capabilities.
We look forward to seeing the firm’s strong technological R & D strength realized in the continuing value of new applications, such as the one on the one hand. On the other hand, on the server: the market share is rising rapidly, maintaining a higher rate of growth \triangleright
According to idc, the size of China ' s server market in 2022 was $27.34 billion (18.837 billion yuan), an increase of 9.1 per cent over the same period, and the revenue from China Communications in 2022 was $10.08 billion; according to the China Communications Officer Network, in 2022, China ' s communications server and storage revenue was $10 billion, an increase of nearly 80 per cent over the same period; and according to idc, Chinese uniforms, in the fourth quarter of 2022
The engine market tracker reports that there has been a decline in the wave, Dale, conglomerate shares among the top8 server manufacturers, and a marked increase in super-mulgation and centralization, with the central communications market rising from 3.1% to 5.3%, the fifth highest in the country. At the new product launch this year, the company indicated that it would fast-track the first three servers and storage products in the country (up from 10% in 2022).
Google, Meta, and 100-degree deep learning libraries have been connected to the middle-growth alk architecture, and long-term demand is expected to continue to release \triangleright
On December 28, 2022, the company, together with Intel, launched the White Paper " The reasoning of the Intel Alliance model for optimal depth learning in order to achieve efficiency gains " , which provides an in-depth overview of how open-source central communications-led projects are integrated with the Intel Openvino tool. Deployment costs will be significantly increased to address the purchase of specialized gpu hardware, and the scope of application is available.
Limited, less flexible issues, medium-evolving communications through depth optimization at the hardware innovation and software level, in some settings, such as direct use of cpu for reasoning, will help to reduce costs and increase flexibility. The white paper states that through middle-earing, adlik can use automatic branch cutting and distillation of the ii model to optimize the size of the model, and then through the amount of openvinoTM
The combination of tools and reasoning engines to quantify the model int8 to reduce the calculation of the resource and memory bandwidth required for model reasoning, and to improve the model ' s reasoning performance. By using a combination of high-precision ai models that have already completed their training, using the middle-generation Intel+third generation to the powerful scalable exhibition processor +openvinoTM tool sets, it is possible to convert the high-precision ai model into parameters.
Small, simple-structured, minimal-precision small-ai models that are close to large models and have a higher volume of model data throughput, thus achieving that the direct use of cpu servers, without adding gpu hardware and significantly reducing deployment costs, would satisfy the daily reasoning requirements of the model, successfully achieving mitigation efficiency, and making the model more easily deployed in a context of limited computing capacity, compared to the one in which the model is deployed.
We believe that this solution will achieve the reduction efficiency of the ai model reasoning, and that the application of the small ai model in the vertical fields is expected to accelerate landing and fully meet the needs of different scenarios. Adlik is used to complete the in-depth learning model from training to deployment to specific hardware, to provide the end-to-end tool chain for application services.
The purpose of the application is to rapidly deploy models from research and development products to the production application environment. Adlik can collaborate with multiple reasoning, support multiple hardware, provide a uniform external reasoning interface, and provide a variety of flexible deployment options. Google can now connect, metapytorch and 100 degrees of the pjet depth learning library.
As the image encoder function in sam has to be performed in pytorch and requires gpu for efficient reasoning, we believe that the development of the computer visuals industry is expected to further drive the development of the meta in-depth learning library pytorch and other ai Internet enterprises.
The demand for a deep learning library is expected to increase in the firm’s soft and hard overall architecture. The test effect is shown in the graph below, where the renet 50 cut-off model is slightly enhanced by distillation, and the slicing model is 2.74 times as much as the original model.
Models, with no loss of accuracy, are 13.82 times higher than the original model and have a significant effect. " Intel Union hands optimize the reasoning of the in-depth learning model to achieve efficiency gains. " White paper. Sindha Securities Research and Development Center target test of the yolov5m model optimization test, as shown in the graph below, at Coco2017 test set, yolov5m
Models with distillation and int8 have lost within 1% of accuracy. Optimized Yolov5m models have an ingestion rate of 3.39 times higher than the original model.
The company has basic capabilities such as software, hardware, chips, operating systems, etc., to provide additional digital economy applications to the base capabilities, \triangleright 5g less than expected, arithmetic infrastructure less than expected, and trade friction between China and the United States
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which provides deep coverage of the industrial chain of the cloud computing idc, the cable & telecommunications new energy chain, the smart car & smart grid industrial chain, and the 5g industrial chain. He was awarded Chen Guangyi, a member of the Communications Group, a Ph.D. in Physics, Beijing University.
DCS, which conducts research in the communications industry, covers mainly new energy sources for cable & communications, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g components that have not been, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical observations or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.