By the wind of “calculus”, the second curve has grown rapidly: 60.7 billion yuan, or 1.5 per cent in the same year; 5.47 billion yuan, or 19.9 per cent in the same year; and 4,911 million yuan, or 31.8 per cent in the same year, in the same year.
(b) Operators' networks: oriented towards the traditional network of operators, companies moving from following the market to leading the market, keeping their share in the global market of wireless and cable-based key products.
Companies take advantage of the opportunities of domestic operators to invest more in cloud networks, arithmetic networks, and fast-growing arithmetic infrastructure products. Businesses and businesses: companies till the Internet, finance, electricity, transport, etc., with a focus on industry head clients, relying on servers and storage, light transmission, new data centres, data exchange centres, etc.
Main products, such as machines, databases, provide a strong numeracy infrastructure for digital economic development and participate fully in major national projects, such as East and West Count.
Consumer business: household end product poncpe, top box and mobile interconnected product 5gmb&fwa maintain a global lead in delivery. Companies focus on 5g by applying innovation to continuously create a full-scale intelligent life 2.0.
Quarterly Review: The first quarter net profit from non-repatriation increases on a year-on-year basis. Quantified amounts such as 3d flat-eye Nubiapad3d for individuals, households and industries, 25.7 per cent of product matrices and significant increase in profitability.
Innovative business: Arithmetic infrastructure products have become an important dynamic for corporate second-curve innovation. The size of the company’s server and storage market has been maintained in the top five telecommunications industries in the country.
Mid-year annual report: significant increase in net profit in the third quarter, hyperbolic liquid cooler room, integrated integration development and delivery of liquid cold server equipment, pue as low as 1.13; push for further consolidation 2022.10.28
A new generation of 400-ge/800-ge data centre switches to support single slot 14.4t; cloud computers double the same rate of entry and are ranked first in the domestic operator market.
In the first half of the year, the income of products doubled, and smart lithium power entered China’s second share of the iron tower market; Autoelectronics continued to deepen their cooperation with head-car companies and with China’s one-air, Chang An, East Wind, Guang and upper-air groups.
This report is presented independently, objectively and with due diligence and professionalism, as the trend in the intellectual industry of a number of aigc, among others, drives a leap in the demand for arithmetic with the company's “control fees” and product earnings. This report is clear from the logic of my commitment to report, based on the author's professional integrity and professional competence.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.