The first half of 2023 saw a 20 per cent increase in the same year and an accelerated increase of 19.9 per cent in the deployment of arithmetic products; the net loss was $4.91 billion, a 31.8 per cent increase in the same year, of which $31.6 billion, a 1.0 per cent decrease in the same year, was realized in the second quarter; and the net profit was $2.83 billion, a 20.5 per cent increase in the same year.
Operators maintained steady growth, making a major contribution to corporate profits. In the first half of 23 years, companies operated with $40.8 billion in commercial operations, an increase of 5.4 per cent over the previous year. The main beneficiaries of the business continued to grow by 5g and to build arithmetic networks; in addition, the company ' s autonomous control capacity at the chip end continued to grow, driving the business.
The Māori rate rises by 8.9 pt compared to the same year, helping companies increase their overall Māori rate by 6.2 ptt. Consumer operations collect 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices, adhere to core technology inputs, and R&D costs increase by 26% compared to the same year.
Increased investment in such technical areas as servers and storage, innovation, etc. During the reporting period, companies increased their R & D costs by 26 per cent over the same period, while R & D costs rose by 21.1 per cent, or by 4.1 pct over the same period; management costs remained substantially the same, with sales costs increasing by 4.4 per cent over the same period, and sales costs reached 7.6 per cent, while companies continued to focus on market promotion.
Accelerated deployment of numeracy infrastructure products and continuous improvement in competitiveness. Companies focus on numeracy infrastructure development, issuing g5 series servers in server and storage to support high-density numeracy, flexible expansion, isomer numeracy, volume storage, stable and reliable size of the server and storage market
In the first five years of the country, the telecommunications industry continues to be the first; at the end of this year, the company will issue the newest one server to support large model training. In the data centre switch, the company has launched a new generation of 400-ge/800-ge.
According to the central exchange, support for single slot 14.4t. China Communications (000063.sz) - Business quality has steadily improved, with 22 years of net profit from the mother-to-manufacturer continuously increasing investment in 5g this year, and the company is expected to benefit in the second half of the year. China is moving this year.
China Communications (000063.sz) - Beneficial digital economic development, leading up to communications equipment, and China Connect conducted three 5g base stations in May, June and August, for a total of more than 1 million stations, with a total size of more than 90 billion yuan. Recently, the Ministry of Technology and Communications authorized China's telecommunications to use 800mhz as a frequency band for 5g, reference.
Mid-Engine Communications (000063.sz) - Double-digit income profit growth in the first three quarters - scale of mobile and connectivity deployment, expected telecommunications or continued deployment of similar large-scale 5g base stations, by companies, Middle-Engine Communications (000063.sz) - Double-digit income profit growth, sustained in the domestic market
The company’s income growth slowed in the first half of 2023, with a 20% increase in its net profit from the same year. The company’s business income for the first half of 2023 was $60.7 billion, an increase of 1.5% from the same year; the net profit from the return was $5.47 billion, an increase of 19.9% from the same year;
The net profit deduction was $4.91 billion, an increase of 31.8 per cent over the same period, of which $31.6 billion was collected in the second quarter, a decrease of 1.0 per cent over the same period; the net profit return to the mother was $2.83 billion, an increase of 20.5 per cent over the same period.
Operators collected $40.8 billion, an increase of 5.4 per cent in the same year, while the main beneficiary of the business continued to grow by 5g and build arithmetic networks; in addition, the company ' s autonomous control capacity at the chip end continued to increase, driving the business to 8.9 pc above the same level as Piti, helping to increase the company ' s overall Māori rate by 6.2 pt. Consumers collected $14.02 billion, a decrease in the same rate.
2.6 per cent, Māori rate 17.8 per cent, global cellular output dropped by more than 10 per cent over the same period in the first half of the year, and corporate consumer operations are facing an increase. Figure 5: Revenue breakdown of central communications sub-products (in billions of yuan) Figure 6: Sub-regional income breakdown of central communications (in %)
Figure 7: Mäori rates and net interest rates for central communications combined (in %) Figure 8: Mäori rates for central communications sub-products (in %) insist on core technology inputs, with R & D costs increasing by 26% over the same period.
The cost of R & D is 21.1%, an increase of 4.1pc over the same year; the company continues to invest more in technology related products, chips, servers, and storage, innovation, etc.
Accelerated deployment of numeracy infrastructure products and continuous improvement in competitiveness. Companies focus on numeracy infrastructure development. In the case of servers and storage, they release g5 series servers to support liquid cold radiating heat, with high density numeracy, active expansion, isomer numeracy, sea volume storage, stable reliability, and server and storage market size in the country.
Fifth, the telecommunications industry continues to be first; the latest one servers to support large model training will be released by the end of the year. In the data centre switch area, the company has launched a new generation of 400-ge/800-ge data centre switches to support the single figure 12: the middle-computing computing network solution.
Operators have continued to increase their investment in 5g construction this year, and the company is expected to benefit in the second half of the year. China has moved and is expected to benefit in the second half of the year. The Ministry of Industry and Communications recently authorized China Telecommunications to use 800mhz as a frequency band for 5g, taking into account the size of mobile and connectivity deployments.
Figure 13: Construction of the 5g base station in the country (in 10,000 stations)
In recent days, the Ministry of Industry and Informationization has granted permission to China Telecommunications to use the current network for the 800mhz frequency of 26/36/46 system Re-cultivation for 50 public mobile communication systems, in furtherance of the party's 20 major decisions on improving the quality of life of the people, further upgrading the coverage of rural, rural and border areas by 5g and increasing the support of radio spectrum resources for the high-quality development of the sg.
The 800-mhz band, which is characterized by low transmission losses, wide coverage, high penetration capability, and low network deployment costs, is very suitable for the coverage of mobile communication networks in rural and remote areas. This time, Chinese telecommunications has been authorized to use its 800-mh band for 56 operations, further strengthening the security of the supply of high-quality spectrum resources in areas below 16hz, thereby facilitating greater access to high-quality sg services for people in towns, villages, and remote areas.
The Ministry of Industry and Informationization has always attached great importance to the integrated provision of radio frequency resources for public mobile communication systems, and has now accumulated a total of four basic telecommunications carriers, such as telecommunications in China. Camp enterprises have licensed the radio frequency bandwidth of the public mobile communication system, 1109 mhz, of which 73 per cent of spectrum resources are available for 5g, effectively guaranteeing the need for 5g communications capacity and signal coverage, with medium- and low-level sg frequency resources at the top of the world.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Industry and Informationization will further adhere to the systemic concept of integrating the existing spectrum resources of basic telecommunications operators in science, releasing more high-quality spectrum support for the high-quality development of the sg project in our country through recultivation, sharing, etc., and accelerating progress in the creation of strong countries, network powers, and digital China. The authors will ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author