The net non-net interest rate was higher than expected, with a sustained increase in arithmetical R & D investment of 60.7 billion yuan, or 1.48 per cent more than the previous year; the net return to the mother of 5.47 billion yuan, or more than the previous year, with robust growth in performance and increased profitability. The Māori ratio of 23h1 companies was 43.22 per cent, up from 43.22 per cent.
5g technological areas and market extension inputs, such as products, chips, servers and storage, and innovation operations, and improved efficiency in management. Operators’ operations have led to growth and short-term pressure on consumers and businesses.
The growth of income from products has been boosted, the company’s 5g base station and its 5g core network have remained the second largest in the world; the consumer industry has continued to receive 40.81 billion yuan/58.7 billion yuan/14.02 billion yuan.
The impact of weak global demand (23h1 ratio of global cellular output to 10 per cent) has led to a decline in international mobile product receipts; and the burden of investment in the domestic political and corporate markets of H1 has been challenged.
The three main lines of business continue to expand, and the numeracy infrastructure R & D inputs continue to be strengthened. (1) Operators network: wireless products, where company ran products enter the leader quadrant. For cable products, 1. Intercom (00063.sz) depth reports: ict dragons.
The first introduced precision 50 gpon technology; the real 400g light transfer programme was launched, with China moving to complete the first transition calculation, and the second curve opened up the growth space - the first 400gqpsk current network experiment in the world, with a record distance to transmit. (2) Government business: 23h1 countries
The domestic market invests in servers and storage as a key growth engine for the company’s domestic government.
According to the central switchboard, the new data centre, and the database, three products have also gradually become the backbone of the company’s efforts to expand the domestic market by 2023/04/24. (3) Consumer operations: mobile phone products continue to build a full-scale intelligent life by 2.0, and are being released.
3. Intercom News (000063.sz) 2022, Global First-Face 3d Flat Nubiapad 3d, etc.; Mobile Interconnected Products, where the company 5g mbb&fwa maintains a global lead in delivery; Family Information Terminal, maintains poncpe, top box
At the same time that the shipment is a global leader, the industry’s first wifi7ftr product is published, which enriches the product matrix. Count 4. Mid-City News (000063.sz) reported three-quarters of 2022.
Review: Uphold of the new paradigm, high-quality development period - 2022/, top five in the country, telecommunications industry maintained the highest; company has launched r6500g5gpu 5. Quarterly news bulletin (000063.sz) in the first quarter of 2022
Servers, the latest platform-ai server to support large model training will be released during the year; storage, providing ratings: non-net gains are over-expected, profitability is significantly improved - fabric magnetic arrays and high-end all-magnetized arrays, with large capacity and high performance requirements and distributions
2022/04/26 Magnetic array product ks20000; launch of a new generation of 400ge/800ge data centre switches to support single slots 14.4t, release of a new data centre, pue as low as 1.13.
Investment proposal: Digital economic development, corporate ict leading position is expected to be further consolidated, arithmetic \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.