Communications (000063.sz) Communications system equipment iii. The operational status of the operator is highlighted, with a marked increase in the Māori rate. Communications is the world’s leading integrated communications and information technology.
The main lines of business are the network of operators, businesses, and consumers. The network of operators is the backbone of the company ' s business, and is oriented towards traditional networks. The company has launched a full-scale, full-frequency 5g product in the area of wireless products; and a first-ever precision of 50 gpon technology in the area of cable products and netting, with China.
Moving to the world's first 400gqpsk on-line pilot, with a record distance to transfer; in the router field, with a second-highest and second-largest share of the field. For cloudnet operations, companies continue to enhance their computing infrastructure.
New high-performance products, such as a change of machine. The main reason for the growth in the overall performance of communications operators’ networks, government enterprises, and consumer operations in the middle of the 2023h1 period.
Percentage point, in particular direction, where the area of certainty focused on the one hand continues to contract further, including further improvement of the efficiency of the Lee Hongtao spectrum and spectroscopy, acceleration of the optimization and autonomous evolution of network commercial performance, customisation (dsa), sealing
Installation and structural innovation continue the Moor dividend, and so on; on the other hand, strengthening the components and servicing of technological capabilities and capabilities in areas of uncertainty, such as digital expansion of industry, around the scene and key business, low-cost start-up, rapid succession, and continuous innovation. Strong R & D support ranks first in the global patent setup, global 5g technology research,
Communications in the Middle East: Communications 2023q1 performance point rating standard setting key contributors and participants. As of 2023h1, companies owned about 865 million global patent applications, cumulative global patents over the years about 44,000; continuously disclosed 5g standards required patents to the etsi, yes
The number of successful families is the fourth highest in the world; in China, the patent award has been awarded 10 gold prizes, 3 silver prizes, and communications: all-bureau layout calculations, self-researching chips for better care, 38 excellent awards, and 27 awards in Guangdong Province patent award.
The digital economy has become one of the central pillars of high-quality economic development, and the intellectual transformation of enterprises has become a major trend. In this context, the euphemism of communication has taken hold of the trends of the era, with the digital nebula 2.0 being launched around the convergence of the digital nebula, and around the three elements of data, algorithms, and arithmetic.
At the same time, the company provides digitally transformed top-level designs for large enterprises such as China-China, Nanjing Port Group, and industrial manufacturing, metallurgical steel, metal and steel.
15 industries, including mines, electricity, transport, government and large enterprises, have developed a large number of partners to achieve more than 100 literal changes in innovative applications, building a series of pole projects, opening a cup of excellence in the Department of Trade and Finance, winning over half of the first and second prizes, and winning the Gsma 2023 Global Mobile Award, the United Nations wsis championship.
As the wave of intelligence continues, the company’s business profile will evolve rapidly. Investment proposals: the company, as an ict leader, based on the “digital economy builder”, accelerates the transformation of intelligence while supporting operators and partners build the “connection plus arithmetic plus capability” thinkboards.