Impact of disposal gains from shares in Sunk Remote New Energy Battery Technology Ltd.: net profit after deduction
In 2018, according to ggii data, we achieved power cell loaders of 56.98gwh, of which 23.54gwh, representing 41.31% of the total domestic load, up from 2017.
12.62 pcts, well over 11.44 gwh (2.08%) of Biadi's second largest industry, with strong leadership. Companies accelerate their efforts to collaborate with the Power Battery Project of Upper, Hiro, Gilly, Hua morning BMW, and have recently signed a cooperation agreement with North Gas New Energy for many years on both sides.
On the basis of this partnership, the strategy for the next five years will be further deepened, with the firm planning to boost its competitive advantage by pushing up the ncm811 battery this year. In our view, in an environment of increasing industry concentration, the company will benefit from its costs.
Global electricization is accelerating, with companies deeply collaborating with overseas car companies selling 11.84gwh overseas in 2017, surpassing Pine’s jump to the top in the world.
The national Tullingen battery production base will be built in two phases, mainly for the development and production of lithium ion batteries, scheduled to be in production in 2021, with 14 gwh after delivery in 2022. Batteries will produce products that are globally known as BMW, public, Daimler, Jaguar Road Rover, etc.
The company announced on 5 February 19 a cooperation agreement with Honda to provide Honda with a power supply of about 56gwhg mobile lithium batteries until 2027, with a global roll-out of the company’s cooperative vehicle model. The company’s products are recognized by overseas vehicles.
But, and both technology and cost are industry leaders, in a position of global competition with pine, lig chemistry, and Samsti. We believe that companies will fully enjoy the $10.475 billion operating income of the global electric company 2018q4, an increase of 7.15 per cent in the ring;
With a net profit of $1.2 billion, the ring drops by 18.26%. With the benefit of the bottom-up effect of the year-end loading, the company's rate of improvement and the speed of loading is different, mainly because of delays in revenue recognition. With the continued heat of downstream demand in January, we expect the company's performance to be on a quarterly basis.
Because of the higher demand downstream, the company benefits from being an absolute leader in lithium electricity, and we're looking forward to changing the company's revenue projections to $40,217 million in 2019 and 2020, respectively, and the industry's absolute champions, with a technology-plus cost advantage, are expected to raise the company's share of the market.
At the same time, companies actively deploy high-end supply chains abroad, which will fully benefit from the accelerated dividends of the global electricization process, and maintain their “deprived growth” ratings over the next six months. The market for new energy vehicles is not growing as well as expected, with large fluctuations in upstream raw material prices and new company capacity.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.