The main reason for the decline in the company ' s net return profits in 2018 compared to the same period in the previous year was the transfer of new talent in Beijing.
The impact of the disposal gains from the source ' s shareholdings. The performance split q4 achieved its return in 2018, with a net profit of $10.06-1191 million, compared to $1,288 million in the third quarter.
The company’s products are in short supply and demand in the country, with about 24gwh out of the year’s output, with industry accounting for the highest share. At the same time, the company and the country’s downstream leader are jointly engaged in deep binding, overseas construction is being strengthened in cooperation with overseas customers, and the industry of lithium batteries has been gradually established in the country, using the quasi-substitute model of factories in close cooperation with upstream raw material enterprises.
The high-cost industry leads by high nickel industry, where the cost of raw materials is now 0.28 and 0.44/wh, respectively, for the square lithium and the trinity 523 core, and the battery system is produced at a cost of about 0.63 and 0.78/wh, plus next year ' s lithium cobalt price reduction, leaving room for next year ' s battery price reduction.
The cost advantages that will be built in the Ningde era for technology-leading industries and the future efficiency gains will be more evident, and the firm’s strong layout in the three-dollar high nickel sector will also help it to take the lead in the process of high nickelization.
This is 36-30 times the size of the new energy team, which is a wide-scale demonstration of the new energy source for the power plant: Pan Yong Lei Xiamen University, Master of Finance, eight years of experience in securities research, covering mainly engineering and electrical equipment.
Xu Wai: Master of Technology, Zhejiang University, two years of portfolio research experience, covering mainly new energy sources for power generation. Li Xiaohowo, Master of Space Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, one year of portfolio research experience, covering mainly new energy vehicles.