It's a brand-new, emerging-market competition, 21st of the year 2025. It's a company that's grown from home to inverter business, and it's formed until now.
In recent years, corporate revenues and profits have increased steadily, and the share of reverse business has led to an increase in the Māori ratio. The demand for light storage in emerging markets has increased, and Europe has gone to the end.
\triangleright sexual uplifts, driving high demand growth in light storage in emerging markets. India: Economic upscaling & Subsidy stimulates growth in demand, with wide margin of light storage; Pakistan: volatile electricity supply, rising electricity prices, and rising light storage economy
Promoting high demand for light storage; South-East Asia: stable growth of light-voltage demand and rapid warming of storage markets; South Africa: household demand for light storage is expected to improve; Brazil: open market space for light storage is expected to increase the microreverse penetration rate. 2) Europe goes to the tailings and household demand is expected to recover.
Europe’s demand for household run-off is expected to recover.
Product advantage: avoid the Red Sea, vary the layout of the product. The company's storage capacity/groups/micro-reverse product matrix is complete, \triangleright priority layout saver. Storage Reverser: Focus hybrid Reverser, low pressure product opens the market for household use.
In addition, a tow x design + high-capacity components, with high value for money, captures price-sensitive markets.
The company has a large variety of battery storage products that further meet the user’s demand for light storage.
\triangleright achieves institutional self-sufficiency with the advantage of the manufacturing end, taking the lead in igbt nationalization, good cost-control capabilities
Globalizing: Asia-Africa pre-empted advantage, European and American markets are growing. 1) Catching emerging markets \triangleright
In Africa: South Africa, where low-pressure household storage products & local distributors are tied, where the stock market is at the top of the South African market and where other markets, such as Nigeria, are newly developed; and Brazil, where the grouping/micro-reverser is a major strategic market, where the company's photovoltaic inverter output in 2021 was below 10 kw in the Brazilian market in 2021.
1. German shares (605117.sh) Tri-quarter reporting point 2024 /50kw / 2nd place; India/Pakistan/South-East Asia: high demand for light storage, early entry of companies and high-level low-pressure products to meet the demand of the local market for off-grid rigidities; 2) Europe
6051117.sh. Half-yearly, 2024, the United States market was gradually released to explore Ukraine’s reconstruction needs. Europe: Disparity & Misappropriation, Exploiting Ukraine.
Rebuilding needs; United States: sole agent agreement with Sol-ark, strategic collaboration with atgepower strategy, storage of microreversers, incrementally released, microreverse certified in the United States market.
The company is a new display of light-store inverters, benefiting from the high demand for light reserves in Asia and Africa and their pre-eminence in Asia and Africa, and maintaining a “recommended” rating for the European and American markets. Expectations, the risk of rising geo-stabilities in the world, less demand in emerging markets, exchange rate fluctuations, etc.
The company was set up in 2000 as an early major company, with plastics, molds, molds, etc.
In 2007, a German variant was established, with the development of a heat exchange and a series of circuit control operations in which heat exchangers are mainly used to supply domestic air-conditioning suppliers, such as the United States. In May 2015, Ningpod Industries Conversion Technology Inc. was listed on the new three boards, and the same year the company decided to enter.
In April 2021, the company was listed on the main board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Until now, the company has formed a core business of reverses, storage batteries, heat exchangers and environmental appliances.
Among these, the reverse product, which is dominated by storage energy, clustering and micro-reversers, has grown rapidly, becoming the company's first largest income 1.2 Performance has grown steadily, with high inverse growth leading to higher profitability and a steady increase in income and profit. In 2018-2023, the company's operating income and net return profits were realized separately.
On a quarterly basis, 23q3, 23q4, the net profit margin of the company declined significantly, mainly due to a shortage of 23h1 South African electricity, the increase in demand for household reserves led to higher corporate output, the impact of the warm winter in 23q3 South Africa, the excessive accumulation of goods in the first six months of the year by a build-up and distributor, and the fact that 23h2 South Africa went to stock and led to a significant drop in the stock of the company's reversors.
However, the high demand for light storage in emerging markets such as Asia and Africa for 24 years has led to a return to growth in the company's household stock and cluster reversals, and the resolution of the German relay incident has led to a gradual return of the company to Europe.
The company’s new energy products, including reversibles and storage batteries, grew from $116 million to $4,429 million a year in 2018-2023.
The storage energy battery package yields $765 million, or 16.12 per cent. Corporate electricity products include heat exchangers and dehumidifiers, which in 2024h1 accounted for 22.24 per cent and 9.57 per cent, respectively, and a more stable share of the company ' s heat exchange market, mainly supplying heat exchange products for well-known branded manufacturers of air conditioners, such as the American, Ox and others;
Wet removal products are highly competitive in the country, and for eight consecutive years they have been sold on platforms in Kyoto and on the Skycat, with a rise in the rate of Maori in the reverse business from 17.4 per cent to 52.33 per cent, an increase in the share of income in the reverse business and a high rate of growth in the rate of Maori driving the increase in the company ' s Māori ratio.
In emerging markets, the demand for light storage has increased and Europe has entered the tailings, and the cost of a light storage system is expected to increase global demand for light storage units. Since the beginning of 2023, price reductions in silicon have led to a decline in the price of the photovoltaic main industrial chain, with the price of photovoltaic components falling by 60 per cent in late 2024 compared to early 2023.
above; according to Bloomberg ' s new energy finance, the cost of storage energy systems fell again in 2024 after the cost of storage energy systems dropped significantly in 2023, and the volume weighting of all turnkey energy systems (from half an hour to four hours) fell from $275 kwh in 2023 to $165/kwh, a 40% decline in light storage systems.
The decrease in costs is expected to drive growth in global light storage units, which, according to Spe, are expected to reach about 86gw/221gwh in 2024/2025, an increase of 27/36 per cent over the same period.
Figure 8: Global addition of photovoltaics and expected (gw) Figure 9: Global addition of new and expected (gwh) 2.1 power systems pressurized & light storage economic enhancement to drive light storage needs in emerging markets
India: Economic uplift & subsidies stimulate demand growth, and there is wide room for light storage. The Central Power Authority of India launched the National Power Plan 2022-2032 in 2023, which is expected to reach 47.24 gw/236.22gwh in 2031-2032. By the end of 2023, India accumulated 73.3gw.
By the end of 2024q1, the accumulated installed capacity of the Indian energy storage system was 111.7 mw/219/mwh. The growth space was wide. In 2024, the fall in the price of photovoltaic products stimulated high growth in Indian photovoltaics. According to jmkresearch, in 2024, India added 24.5gw (including 18.5gw centralized photovoltaic power generation, 4.59gw households)
On distribution, in February 2024, the Government of India launched Prime Minister pm-suryaghar's photovolt family scheme, which is designed to cost Rs. 750 billion.
Pakistan: Instability of electricity supply, rising electricity prices, and rising light storage economics contributed to higher demand for light storage. Pakistan’s long-term locking down of electricity due to fuel shortages, weak power generation capacity, aging grid, etc.
Increased storage capacity has combined to boost the demand for light storage in Pakistan, and more and more households in Pakistan have started thinking about installing a home light storage system that will not only guarantee household electricity supply in the event of power outages, but also reduce the overall cost of electricity through self-constructed light storage systems.
For 5gw, Pakistan's light-voltage demand is expected to rise to around 12gw in 2024, doubling it. South-East Asia: photo-voltage demand is growing steadily and storage markets are warming rapidly. With sustained growth in energy demand, problems such as inadequate fossil energy resources, power supply gaps and higher electricity prices in South-East Asia are highlighted, according to Pakistan.
By 2030, the countries of South-East Asia will have to deploy about 21gw of renewable energy each year, as a result of which the countries of South-East Asia are actively promoting renewable energy for electricity generation. For example, by 2037, Thailand targets about 15gw in photovoltage; by 2030, Viet Nam targets will increase to 12gw in photovoltaic power stations and storage to 2.7gw;
In July 23, the Philippines launched its second Green Energy Competition (geap) to award 3.4gw wind power and light voltage projects, which are planned to be developed between 2024 and 2026, and will simultaneously drive Philippine storage capacity. South Africa: Household demand for light storage is expected to improve.
To alleviate the electricity crisis, the South African government has since 2022 issued policies to encourage the construction of distributed power generation facilities and has launched a total of up to R4 billion.
Photovoltaic tax subsidies, at $210 million, have contributed to the rapid growth of the South African household run-off market. In 2024, reduced power shortages in South Africa coupled with increased competition, and increased sectoral inventories, have led to a decline in demand for household run-off; but as light storage has become more economical and demand-side incentives (e.g. recovery) are expected or expected to emerge in the future.
Personal income tax benefits associated with photovoltaics, a comprehensive reform of the energy recovery plan, and the introduction of competitive energy access credit schemes, among others) are expected to improve the demand for home-based run-off markets in South Africa. Brazil: The market space for light storage is wide, and the micro-reverse penetration rate is expected to rise. As of September 2024, light in Brazil.
Accumulated voltage 48.24gw, distributed at 32.62gw, or 68%, and centralized at 15.62gw, or 32%. Since 2012, Brazil has implemented distributed power generation incentives allowing users to install photovoltaic conventions, exempting users of distributed photovoltaic systems with installed capacity of less than 1 mw from net metering.
(a) Revenue from electricity, which contributes to the growth of distributed light-voltage machines and generates a slight reversal of demand;
The potential of the system, with less than 2.5% of users installed on roof photovoltaic systems by 2023. The centralized side, with the Brazilian centralized project being well stocked, with Brazil ' s interest rates going down continuously, is expected to grow. 2.2 Europe goes to the vault to enter the tail, and the demand for domestic light storage is expected to recover.
In 2022, the Russian-Turkish conflict led to an energy crisis in Europe, with higher prices of traditional energy sources, stimulating a rise in demand for European light storage, which, according to Solarpowereure in 2022/2023, increased by 102/94 per cent in comparison with 8.8/17.2gwh.
Household storage is the main driver. In 2024, with the impact of high price shocks, lower inflation, and higher profitability, demand for household solar storage decreased in Europe; and, as a result of stock pressure, 2023h2 - 2024q1, the European household storage market continues to be in a state of de-stocking. Since 2024q2, the stock stock in Europe has improved, while at the same time, the stock in Europe has improved.
The European Union raises the renewable energy ratio, and plans to accelerate construction in a number of countries offer great storage opportunities. According to Solarpowereurope, Europe’s additional installed capacity is projected to reach 22.4 gwh in 2024, an increase of 30.2% compared to the previous year, with households storing additional installed machines expected to be about 8.8gwh, a decline of 26% compared to the previous year, with large stores/business new reserves.
Household storage is a major increase in European storage capacity. Household demand is expected to recover. European electricity prices are lower than their peak in 2022, but they are still generally higher than they were before the price increase in 2021, for example, in 2024, the average price for German households was 40.92 Euros/kwh, still high.
By the end of December of the year, the price of European natural gas had risen sharply to its highest level since November 23, as the Russian-Turkish gas deal officially expired on 1 January of the year, and Europe was either caught in a new round of energy anxiety, with a fall in interest rates in Europe and the United States of America.
It will further increase the economy of light storage and boost the demand for light storage machines. Moreover, in the major European household storage markets, in 2023, the share of new household photovoltaics in the Czech, German, Italian, British and Austrian markets was not to be as high as 94/84/82/55/50 per cent, and most countries still have some chance of increasing the penetration rate.
Yes. Solarpowereure predicts that new European storage capacity opportunities will continue to grow at a rate of 30 to 40 per cent per year in 2025-2028; in 2028, neutral prospects predict that Europe will have a new 78.1gwher storage machine twice as high as in 2023, reaching 23gwh.
Three product advantages: avoiding the Red Sea, different product layouts, 3.1 storage/clusters/microre products matrix, focused storage-reversers, corporate reversors fully cover storage, clustering, and microreverse product matrices.
Clusters, mini-reverser product matrices, which are rare in the industry to achieve synergistic growth in the three categories of products, sold 29.9/24.7/mini-reversers in 2022, with an increase in the same ratio and the impact of the German relay events, respectively, with a similar decline in the sale of cluster and microreverts. 2024h1, Company deposits
The sale of energy/groups/micro-reversers was around 21.4/25.5/243,000, reflecting the company's gradual movement out of the bottom, and the reversible to improve. In the reversion product, the barriers to storage inverters were higher and the levels of profitability were higher; the company focused on storage inverters, and the storage inverter business had developed rapidly in recent years and became public.
Storage Reversers: A low-pressure product opens up the household market and starts setting up a business-repository landscape. The company’s current storage-reverse product has a power of 3kw-100kw and a wide range of capabilities applicable to both household and small businesses.
The average battery voltage range is 160-600v, the maximum discharge current is only 25a, and the company's 10kw three-size low-pressure product is 10kw-size battery voltage range is 160-600v.
40-60v, maximum discharge currents can reach 210a; and the company's grid switching time for storage reversibles requires only 4ms, which will ensure that the critical loads are continuously running well below the time of the peer product 20ms or 10ms. The company has introduced the lp3 series of three-phase low-pressure storage inversers in 21 years, resulting in 48v low-voltage power.
The safety of the pool was combined with the utility of the three-phase system to meet the urgent need of residential users for power power generation, 24 years after the company officially launched a new generation of low-pressure three-phase storage reversibles with a rated power of up to 20 kw; in addition, the company distributed high-pressure products to reach out to the client community, with successive roll-out of 50 kw and 80kw high-pressure storage reversible products.
The company’s storage reversors focus on hybrid inverters (mixed inverters), which cover small business storage site needs for long periods of time off the grid; and 2) 4ms automatically switch time off the web to ensure critical negatives.
(iii) 6 set-up periods for discharge; 4) support for diesel generators to charge batteries directly to ensure 24h* 7 days of continuous power supply; 5) maximum charge efficiency 95.5 per cent; 6) maximum discharge power flow 240a (12kw); 7) smart exchange coupling programmes to easily upgrade existing grid-connected systems; 8) during life week
Group inverters: main low-pressure power, combined with excellence. Company inverters are mainly used for household use, small businesses, and ground scenes. Company inverters cover 1kw-136kw.
The company has a wealth of manufacturing experience in such areas as heat exchangers and a multi-routine mppt solution to fit-in problems with high-power components, high power generation, high output voltage, rapid response time, good safety, and a wide work temperature.
The company has been able to expand its client base through the introduction of higher-capacity cluster-inverter products, and has successfully launched the Sun series 30-50kw inverter for small-scale business scenes and the Sun series 70-136kw inverter for large-scale industry and ground power station scenes.
Figure 20: Group of Serial Inverter Products Micro-reversers: one tow x design plus high-power components with high value for money in price-sensitive markets. Corporate microreverse power covers 300w-2250w, with output power maximization, low direct current voltage, weak light effects
The company's product has a clear power and value-for-money advantage compared to its focus on one or two products. The company's output is dominated by two or four drops, and a reverse transformer can connect multiple components, significantly reducing the owner's single-watt cost.
High-product appeal. The company’s microreverse products took advantage of price-sensitive markets such as Brazil with a high value for money advantage, and in 2021 the company’s photovoltaic reverse transformer (a cluster + microreverser) was ranked second in the Brazilian market below 10kw, and second in the 50kw after Gurevat.
Figure 21: Company mini-reverser product chart 3.2 Energy batteries: variety of products, further meeting light storage needs
These include products such as low-voltage household storage, high-voltage household storage, high-voltage industrial storage, light storage, etc., which are integrated with the depth of the company's storage capacity Reverse transformer product, with the advantages of high integration, high safety, long-cycle life, and are widely applied to markets such as global photovoltaic storage and emergency power.
Scene, model s-g5.1pro allows up to 64 modules to be combined; high-voltage battery bos-g&I body series products are rolled out, with each battery supporting 4-12 battery cell arrays, with a low self-discharge factor, allowing for a maximum six-month period without charge, with excellent performance; and a high-pressure storage system for households in the gb series, with advanced modules
One design, supporting 10 pairs of grid-connected and off-grid models, supporting battery chargers directly through grids or diesel, and integrating electric car chargers into light storage. Figure 23: Company storage battery product maps
4 Cost advantages: Cost controls are strong, profitability is ahead, cost controls are high, and profit-making industries are ahead. Because of the genetic transmission of small household electricity, companies have significant advantages in the regulatory economy, supply chain management, and cost control.
Upgraded by 52.33 per cent in 2023 and 4.15 pct in the same year; 43 per cent, 55 per cent and 52 per cent respectively for clusters, reservoirs and mini-reverts, 23 years of company strings and micro-reversers are ahead of their peers, and the ratio for storage revers is second only to Gudwe and higher than for other peer enterprises.
The main raw materials required for the production of reverse transformers are institutional (dispersal heaters, voltage casts, machine cabinets, glycerine, etc.), electronic components (power semiconductors, integrated circuits, electricity, etc.).
Insulation of magnetic components, pcb circuit boards, capacitors, electric senses, switches, connectors, etc., and supporting materials (glues, packages, plastics, etc.). From the cost composition of the reversors of the company in 2023, the percentage of institutional units was 27.6%.
It's now basically self-supporting, so as to control costs, consolidate the company's cost advantage and boost the profits of the igbt national product. The igbt is the important electronic component needed to produce the reversors, which the company produced in 2021.
In the first half of the year, the cost of pre-positioning major electronic components is being strongly invested in research and development to test and produce national alternatives to import-dependent electronics and to establish a stable partnership with domestic gbt manufacturers. The company carries out pre-positioning of the gbt national product while maintaining maintenance with major imported gbt suppliers.
Close cooperation has ensured the supply of raw materials to companies during the igbt shortage, reduced supply chain risks and consolidated excellent cost-control capabilities. With years of experience in the management of high-cost costs in the small electricity industry, the public sector has a significant advantage over its counterparts in the use of controls, with average cost rates for the first three quarters of 2021-2024.
Cost-control capabilities have further enhanced the profitability of companies.
Figure 31: Comparison of management cost rates Figure 32: Comparison of R & D cost rates 5 Global layout: Afocal pre-emptive advantage, Euro-American market exposure
Taking advantage of emerging market opportunities such as Asia, Africa, and others, globalization has had significant advantages. Companies have gradually entered the inverter industry since 2016, and, as a follow-up, have chosen to focus on overseas markets, using products, costs, supply-chain advantages to accelerate the inversion to the sea, in the context of more intense competition in domestic markets.
At the same time, compared to other inversers in the country, which are mainly well-developed European markets, firms have also adopted differentiated approaches to foreign markets, entering emerging markets such as South Africa, Brazil, the Middle East, and South-East Asia at an early stage, as well as intensifying efforts to open up new markets in Europe and the United States.
On the one hand, the low-pressure products of the company are high-valued and able to meet the demand for economics in price-sensitive markets; on the other hand, the simple and safe installation of the company ' s products, which are more compatible with the habit of off-grid use, have a direct flow coupling and exchange coupling function, allowing the maximum 16 storage inverters to be combined to meet emerging markets
Users need safety and ease of installation. In 2023, the top five distribution areas of the company (reverse transformers + storage cells) were South Africa, Brazil, Hong Kong, Germany and India, accounting for 32.8%, 8.5%, 7.2%, 5.6%, and 4.0% of the proceeds of photovoltaic products, respectively.
Market sales are relatively high, and Europe continues to do so. 5.1 Taking advantage of emerging market opportunities, the pre-eminence is significant. Africa: South Africa hosts low-pressure household stocks & binds local distributors, with households leading the South African market.
The power grid in South Africa is extremely unstable, with high demand for off-grid rigidity and the need to use diesel generators as an alternative supply.
The market has four power sources that meet the needs of the South African market for off-grid rigidity, so companies are favoured in South Africa as a whole; at the same time, South African markets are less competitive than mature markets such as those in Europe, with fewer indigenous head-reversers.
A stronger brand, customer and sales channel base, with many years of in-depth strategic collaboration with the larger local distributors, and an exclusive agent with China Construction's sales platform in South Africa, succeeded in taking the advantage of the South African market, which was ranked first in South Africa. In 2020-2023, the company earned its inverser business in the South African region.
The corresponding figures are 0.26, 161, 679 and 1.260 billion, respectively, representing an income ratio of 6.8 per cent in the reverse business, an impact of a phased increase in stock in the market sector, a decline in market demand and a decline in the high base of the company ' s South African market against the sale of the South African market ' s reversor over the same period of 23h1.
Africa: New development of other markets such as Nigeria. Nigeria’s power supply is inadequate, the grid is in poor condition, and there is a huge demand for storage markets. In November 24, the company and Nigeria’s Nigus International Investment Limited held a signing ceremony, where nigus sold products such as photovoltaics, large storage, household storage, microgrids.
This joint effort is expected to bring significant incremental orders to companies in other African markets, including Nigeria, to further expand the business layout of companies in African markets and increase brand influence and market share.
Brazil: The important strategic market for a cluster/micro reverser has a clear competitive advantage. The company entered the Brazilian market earlier, with a pre-emptive advantage, and now Brazil has become one of the largest destinations for the company’s chain inverters and microreverters. The Brazilian market is wide-ranging, and the company has established a stable distribution channel on the ground, known to Brazil.
A major distributor, aldocomponenteseeletronicosltda (a major Brazilian photovoltaic product distributor with a 30% share in the Brazilian distribution market, in a leading position) and a trade platform under a large Brazilian light storage company, Belenusslar, maintain long-term cooperation.
According to data from the new energy agency Greener, in 2021, the company's photovoltaic inverter (combined + microreverser) was ranked second in 10 kw and second in 50kw in the Brazilian market, all after Guri Watt in 2023, and the company sold its photovoltaic products to Brazil at $340 million and earned off-shore.
Market space, stable distribution channels, and dominant market power, with future corporate chains/micro-reversers expected to grow at a high rate in Brazil. India/Pakistan/South-East Asia: Taking advantage of the opportunity of rising demand for light storage, the first advantage is significant.
In India, large-scale and sustained power outages due to persistent high temperatures have led to the introduction of a domestic photovoltaic incentive scheme and the encouragement of storage capacity;
Kistan ' s long-term power cuts due to fuel shortages, weak power generation capacity and an ageing power grid, and the rise in residential electricity prices at the demand of imf boosted the demand for light storage; there are also problems in South-East Asia, such as insufficient fossil energy resources, power supply gaps, higher electricity prices and weak power infrastructure.
Sexual uplifting has also stimulated light-storage demand in South-East Asia. Companies have entered the markets in India, Brazil, and South-East Asia earlier, and local distributors have formed good partnerships, and the dominant low-pressure products have been able to meet the demand of local markets for off-grid rigidities, so companies have had a significant advantage.
The emerging markets of Europe, South-East Asia, etc., have shown remarkable performance. 5.2 Euro-American markets have been phased out to discover Ukraine’s need for reconstruction in Europe: differences and miscalculations. 1) A cluster of string inverters: the wrong peak layout strategy.
There are a number of Chinese reversible companies, such as Jinhua Technology, Kudwei, First Class New Energy, but different markets, such as the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, the German-speaking region, and Italy, which is the first class, where companies have chosen less competitive countries, such as Romani, in the European market.
Since the beginning of the year, the company has been operating in areas such as Spain, Germany and Italy, where household and commercial high-pressure storage reversibles have been introduced in response to the needs of German-speaking clients; there are fewer high-power storage reversible products in the European region, where companies compete differently and are expected to move quickly to open up the European market.
Mainly sold to Germany, France, the Netherlands, etc., in July 2023, the company was hit by the German microreverse certification problem, but it was properly resolved in early August 2023, and in 2024, the company launched a new microreverse product designed to combine storage functions for the balcony scene, 2024 in Germany, etc.
By early June 2024, Ukraine had lost its 9gw capacity, and its electricity supply was extremely tight as a result of the Russian-Turkish conflict.
In September 2024, according to the Kiev Independence newspaper, all of Ukraine’s power plants and almost all of Ukraine’s hydropower capacity were destroyed. As a result of electricity shortages throughout Ukraine, households’ reserves were able to secure household electricity supply and were just as dependent; and, according to the official Ukrainian press, Ukraine’s power supply was high.
Assistance with zero-interest loans encourages residents to install household deposits: for the installation of photovoltaic energy products, users have access to a loan of up to 480,000 hryvnias (approximately RMB 85,000) for a period of 10 years at a rate of 0 per cent.
US: Storage/mini-reverser incrementally released. 1) Storage Reverser: Since 2017, companies have launched the first generation of Hybrid Reverser sun-8k-sg in the North American market, winning a broad appreciation of American market customers with intelligence, functionality, and high value for money.
Solar (sol-ark) entered into an exclusive agency agreement to sell in a card-fixed manner to secure company shipments in the United States through the brand and channel advantage of Sol-ark; in January 25, the company formally signed a contract with atgepower, a well-known North American energy company, for strategic cooperation, which is expected to take advantage of atg-developed markets.
Channels and localized operating advantages open up the North American Repository Market. 2) Micro-reversers: While the company ' s micro-reverse products are still relatively small in the US, they have an opportunity to be released in the US market with their long-term cooperation with Sol-ark and their value-for-money advantage.
6.1 Profit projection assumptions split with business and the impact of German relay events, resulting in a decline in the sales of cluster and mini-reversers on a par; 2024h1, sales of company storage/single/mini-reversers were approximately 21.4/25.5/243,000, respectively, reflecting the company's departure
In terms of production capacity, the company had storage/combined/company output planning before the company ' s listing, and the company ' s output growth rate, we predicted that the company would sell 55/80/10.05 million storage reverses for 24-26 years, 43.7 million for a series of inverters and 43.7.1 million for microreverts.
50/80/12 million, assuming a slow downward trend in the price of the inverter, and in view of the continuous cost optimization of the company, assuming a slow downward trend in the inverter ' s Maori rate, we project a separate income for 24-26 years for the company ' s inverter business. Energy storage batteries: 884 million yuan in 2023 for the company ' s storage battery package, 12 per cent;
The impact of the decline in the price of lithium is gradually decreasing, so assuming a slow decline in the rate of Maori in storage cells in 25-26 years, we assume that the company's heat exchangers/wetters: 2024h1, the company's heat exchangers and dehumidifiers operations, respectively, generated revenue of $1056/454 million, an increase of 17/32 per cent in the same year. We assume that the company's heat exchange business is flat.
The company, which is a very good company in light-store reversibles, has chosen the same technology that belongs to the reversible track as the windmill, solidures, stockholdings, energy technology, and energy, iro, which is its main business, based on the collection price on 21 January, is 30 x 16 x 12 x the average of 24 to 26 years.
New show on the Reverse Reverser, benefiting from the high growth in demand for the Asia-Africa Reverse Light Reserve and the company’s pre-emptive advantage in Asia-Africa, as well as growth in the European and American markets, taking into account the company’s value for 24-26 years below the average of comparable companies, so that the company is 19x/14x/11x. The company is new in the light Reverse, benefiting from the high growth in demand for the Asia-Africa Reverse Repository and the company’s high demand.
The pre-existing advantage in Asia and Africa and the growth of the Euro-American market, maintaining a “recommended” rating. 1) Policy is not as expected: the support of major countries for new energy sectors is new if not as much as expected. 2) Increased competition leads to a higher than expected price decline: if the number of participants in the reverse transformer industry increases or the industry competes
(iii) Predictable price fluctuations in raw materials: the economic nature of the new energy system is closely linked to the cost of purchasing, and if the price of the raw material goes up, it will lead to an increase in the cost of the system, which may affect the incentive of downstream owners to invest and thus induce them to do so
(iv) The risk of rising geo-related uncertainties: the Russian-Turkish conflict increases geo- and energy-related uncertainties, leading to “energy inflation”, which has a direct impact on the normal functioning of the supply side of the enterprise and on the economic dynamics of the region, or influences it.
(e) Emerging market demand is not as high as expected: emerging markets account for a larger share of German share income and, if demand in emerging markets falls short of expectations, will affect corporate income and profits;
6) Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: Foreign earnings from German shares are relatively large in total income, and higher than anticipated exchange rate fluctuations will affect the company’s performance at the end of the statement. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.