• The South-West Institute of Securities has increased its profitability by improving the quality of its operations.
Incidents: 24 annual reports from companies, with revenues of $215.69 billion, +0.8 per cent, +8.6 per cent, +30.0 billion, +19.5 per cent, and +20.2 per cent, resulting in a net return profit of +8.6 per cent, +2 per cent, +2 per cent, +2 per cent, +2 per cent, +2 per cent, +21.6 billion, +0.8 per cent, +0.2 per cent, +2 per cent, +2 per cent, +2 per cent, +2 per cent, +2 million, +2 per cent, +2 years, +902,000, +2 million,
The same ratio - 1.0%. Faced with the pressure of low-level operations in the industry, the company's overall layout is stable at +5.0%; heavy card engine sales, 276,000, 9.8%; large tank sales, 8132 (62.2% off-sea sales), equal; transformers, 853,000, + 1.8%; and bridges, 800,000.
• Improved quality of subsidiary operations, and good performance of heavy steam. Queixu achieved revenue of €11.5 billion in 24 years, increased resilience through the same plan, expected to achieve sustainable cost savings of €140-16 million per year, followed by continuous improvement in the quality of the business. Quantities sold at 118,000 vehicles, higher than +1.5 per cent per year.
• The competitive advantage of gas heavy cards has been enhanced, and the wood market has become a new opportunity for growth. On March 18, heavy card replacement policies have been incorporated into the gas heavy card, which currently fluctuates from around 0.6, and the gas heavy card fuel cost has been significantly higher.
This year, the penetration rate is expected to continue at the policy level, and companies, as engines of natural gas, will benefit fully from this policy change, ushering in new growth opportunities.
According to data from the White Paper on Industrial Development of China ' s IQC, IQC is expected to invest more than 500 billion yuan in incremental resources over the next three years, market space is huge, engines are more expensive in the firewood system, companies can benefit from the supply of engines for the firewood heavy machine, and nearly 400 of the company ' s data centre ' s products have been sold over 24 years.
The same ratio +148%. At present, the chassis machine has won the China mobile project, which is accompanied by an increase in the computing needs of domestic bytes, fast hands, etc. Networkers, and may or will increase the demand for diesel engines with their industrial power of 1. cascading wood (000338): sustained profitability.
The strong brand influence and reliable product performance are expected to be important in the upcoming market growth, with the q3 Māori ratio rising by the same ring ratio and single ... contributing to growth in performance.
Assumption 1: On 18 March, the Ministry of Transport, the National Development Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance issued a circular on the implementation of the end-of-life renewal of old operating vehicles, which includes gas heavy cards as part of the subsidy scheme, the economic advantages of gas heavy cards have been enhanced, taking into account the country’s relatively large holdings and the growth of new energy demand, and it is expected that there will be an increase in sales in the industry.
Assumption 2: At present, a strong national policy shift from old to new, accompanied by sustained policy push, is expected to bring some recovery in domestic logistics needs, and the market for an integrated smart logistics system based on a forklift + warehouse logistics solution based on Quehu + De Matek is expected to grow steadily, with corporate smart logistics operations projected to increase by +5 per cent/+5 per cent/+5 per cent per year for 25/26/27.
We've chosen China's heavy, one-air, and Chinese vehicles as comparable companies, with an average of 17 times the size of the pe in 2025. Considering the 25-year end-of-life replacement policy, which includes gas heavy cards as subsidies, the gas heavy cards will remain high and the data centre will grow rapidly, and it is expected that the sales of wood as engine taps will continue to grow; in addition, sound logistics development will drive corporate intelligence.
Logistics operations are growing. In combination with the valuation of the company and the current layout of the company's operations, companies are given 14 times as much as they have done in 2025, and they will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.