Shanghai Lace (002252); gds acquired land, 11 05, 2020.
Shanghai Lace incident: 1) The company published its 2019 annual report, and in 2019 it achieved a gross operating income of $2,585 million, the company's main products being human blood protein, human immune protein.
The same-year increase of 43.27 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $608 million, resulting in a reversal of losses; and the coagulation factor group product, which is the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies on the deduction of non-recurring gains and losses of $598 million, which is the same increase as the net profit attributable to shareholders in the blood industry in our country.
The number of slurry stations in companies, the distribution of slurry stations, the region and the total annual amount of slurry are among the highest in the industry, with a blood system of 732 million yuan, an increase of 25.18 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies is 311 million yuan, and the same is true.
The number of varieties of products is also in the forefront of the industry. 2019: At the end of the story: the atmosphere in the blood industry rose in 2019, company protein products grew steadily, and coagulation factors increased significantly. 893 million won in 2019, compared to the same amount in 2019.
The income from the blood factor sub-products was about $882 million, an increase of 73.82% over the same period. At the profit end: Māori fell by 2.59 pct in 2019, as a result of the increase in the cost of slurry and labour, and the profit of 2019 was affected by the loss of goodwill due to risk investment.
Quarterly 2020: In this new coronary epidemic, the silent human immunoglobin has been included in multi-terrestrial treatment programmes, and the national programme for the treatment of new coronary virus pneumonia (pilot version 7) shows that children can be considered for use in cases of heavy and dangerous loads.
In the medium term, it is expected that the gap in raw materials produced by the slurry suspension will boost the price increase. In the long term, the experience of the epidemic has also contributed to raising awareness of blood products among medical personnel and patients, and to narrowing the gap in the per capita use of blood products between the country and the developed world.
The source of the East's financial and intellectual boom, the depth of the East Hing bond report, Shanghai Lace (002252); gds acquisition and landing, and Kilifor's share in long-term development.
In March 2020, the company completed the acquisition of 45% of its subsidiary, gds, by issuing shares to the Spanish company Kilifor. When the acquisition was completed, Kilifor held 26.20% of the company’s shares. Through this transaction, 1) the acquisition of gds optimized the industrial structure and enhanced profitability: 1gds is a world-renowned producer of blood-testing instruments and reagents, with the highest market in the world.
Capacity is expected to increase the profitability of listed companies and increase every share of their earnings. Kilift promised gds to accumulate a total ebitda of not less than $1.3 billion in 2019-2023. Listed companies will have future earnings. 2gds are located upstream of the company, through this acquisition, the company’s industrial chain is extended upstream, the industry structure is optimized and good business synergies are achieved. 2) International blood giants, Gillift, are put in stock to promote long-term development: 1
Quality control and business management concepts are very important lessons learned. The firm’s establishment of in-depth and exclusive partnerships with Kilifor in a number of areas will enhance the company’s combined strength and profitability for long-term development.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Companies are expected to grow steadily, driven by both expansion and increased concentration in the sector’s market capacity.gds shareholdings 1.
The company is the lead in blood products: the company ' s main product is human blood protein, human immunoglobin and clogged blood-factor products, one of the leading companies in blood products. The source and blood-producer varieties are at the core of the company ' s competitiveness, and the company has a significant advantage as a blood-cancer tap. 1 slurry: tons. The company ' s number of slurry stations, the area of distribution of the slurry stations and the total annual slurry are industry leaders.
The company is currently one of the few blood products that can extract six components from the plasma, and one of the most varied in the industry. The abundance of the species provides the basis for the company’s leading plasma utilization.
According to pta (International Blood Protein Treatment Association), we use only one-third of the United States of America's protein per million population; we use sedentary C per million population.
With increased awareness of blood products among medical personnel and patients, increased clinical adaptations to blood products, the gap between the country’s blood market and mature markets abroad is expected to diminish. The market capacity of the blood industry is expected to expand continuously, and companies will continue to increase the concentration of the beneficiary industries.
There is a high concentration of some 30 blood products produced on a large scale, of which csl, barxalta, grifols, octapharma, etc., account for more than two-thirds of the global market share of blood products. The current concentration in the blood products industry is much higher.
In the context of competitive attributes, companies, as one of the largest blood-producing enterprises in the country, are expected to continue to benefit from increased market concentration. 2. The year 2019 saw a reversal of the deficit, with the 2020q1 epidemic driving performance growth. In 2019, companies achieved a gross operating income of 2,585 million yuan, an increase of 43.27 per cent, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 608 million yuan.
The net profit on non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the shareholders of listed companies was 598 million yuan, an increase of 286.63 per cent from the previous year. In 2020, the q1 company, the source of financial prosperity in the East, achieved a gross operating income of 732 million yuan, an increase of 25.18 per cent from the previous year; and the net profit on the shareholders of listed companies was 311 million yuan, an increase from the previous year.
41.97 per cent; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies netting off non-recurring gains and losses of $327 million, an increase of 60.21 per cent over the same period. 1) 2019: End-of-Survey: the atmosphere in the blood industry rose in 2019, company proteins grew steadily, and condensed proteins increased significantly. 893 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 24.79 per cent over the same period; and static immunoglobin sales earned 810 million yuan, an increase of the same year.
The profits of the Division fluctuated significantly, and the year-on-year deficit was reversed in 2019. The company ' s goodwill impairment preparedness in 2019 affected the 2019 profits.) Quarterly 2020: In the case of this new coronary epidemic, human immunoglobin was included in the multi-disposal programme, and the national programme for the treatment of the new coronary virus pneumonia (pilot version 7) also showed that children in heavy and dangerous cases could be considered for use of serenity c. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The impact of the new crown epidemic is expected to continue after short-term performance is achieved. In the medium-term, the gap in raw materials produced by the slurry suspension is expected to drive price increases. In the long-term, the experience of the epidemic has also contributed to an improvement in the perception of blood products among medical personnel and patients, and to a narrowing of the huge gap in the per capita use of blood products in the country and the developed world.
In March 2020, the company completed its subsidiary gds (grifolsdiagnostic) by issuing shares to the Spanish company Kilifor.
After the acquisition was completed, Kilifor became the single largest shareholder in the company, holding 26.20% of the company’s shares. Coretchen and his co-activists now hold 26.18% of the shares, Les China and its co-actors 22.73%, and Cretchen and Les China still have control over listed companies.
3.1 Acquisition of gds to optimize industrial structures and increase profitability 1) gds are the leading market for a global breakdown of blood nucleic acid testing: gds are the world-renowned producers of blood testing instruments and reagents whose products are mainly used to screen blood and plasma for the presence of viruses in order to ensure the safety of blood and blood plasma, thereby ensuring the safety of blood transfusions and the production of blood products
The product, technology and brands of gds are the world’s leading players in the area of breakdown. In January-June 2017, 2018 and 2019, operating revenues of gds were $5,089 million and $5,129 million and 2,435 million, respectively, with net profits of $1,183 million, $1,555 million and $613 million, respectively.
Figure 7: Example of gds nucleic acid test product 2) Quality asset acquisition increases corporate performance: after this transaction, companies hold 45 per cent of gds equity, their excellent asset quality and profitability are expected to be $1 million, and listed companies will reap future returns.
3) Industrial chain expansion for business synergy: gds is located upstream of the company, where the virus screening technology in the plasma is used for plasma collection at the plasma station, which is the cornerstone of quality control and product safety testing for blood products. This acquisition is a closely related upstream/downstream industry acquisition. Through this acquisition, the company’s industrial chain has been extended upstream, its industrial structure optimized and good business synergies achieved.
Integration will improve the quality of the company ' s original blood products, improve the adaptability and technological level of gds blood testing technology, and enable traders to promote and win-win each other.2 By absorbing the advanced production and scientific capabilities of gds, companies will also further strengthen their production and research and development capabilities.3 As companies collaborate and integrate further with gds, the company will develop positive complementarities with gds on existing customer resources and marketing channels.
This is an effective integration of the company’s business, drawing on each other’s accumulated R & D strengths and advantages in the domestic and overseas markets. 3.2 The international blood-making giant, Killifor, has been one of the world’s blood-producing giants: Kilifor has been developing for more than 70 years in the blood transfusion and blood-producing industries, in slurry, in slurry.
In 2016, Kilifor was one of the giants in the oligopolistic pattern of the global blood industry.
After the conclusion of this deal, Kilifor became the single largest shareholder in the company.
The Division has signed an exclusive General Agreement on Strategic Cooperation with Kilifor, and the company will work strategically with Kilifor in a number of areas to establish in-depth and exclusive partnerships in a variety of areas, such as production quality regulations, intellectual property rights, technology research and development, management experience, marketing channels, engineering and collaborative services, to promote synergies, enhance the company ' s combined strength and profitability and promote long-term development.
3) Building on the experience of globalizing operations and integration of M & As to enhance internationalization.1 Kilifor has global production and marketing experience, has accumulated considerable experience in responding to the market characteristics and regulatory requirements of different countries, and has valuable sectoral advantages in managing internationalized production and marketing networks.2 In addition, he has experience in cross-border M & As and subsequent integration operations.
It has gained valuable experience in absorbing, restructuring, operating, and managing the acquisitions. After this transaction, the company ' s entry into the United States facilitated the exchange of internationalized business experiences and facilitated the company ' s use of its wealth of external extension and acquisition of resources and its strength.
Merger restructuring and enforcement to achieve its global M & As goals. 4. Profit forecasting and investment ratings..C.C.G.C. as a bloodline leader, is expected to grow steadily, driven by both expansion and increased concentration in the sector’s market capacity.gds equity acquisitions are on the ground.
The risk of inadequate supply of raw materials, the risk of rising plasma costs, the potential safety of products, the risk of loss of goodwill.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Shanghai Lace (002252); gds acquired and landed, and Kilifor has a stake in long-term development.
Hubosin, a specialist in pharmaceuticals, has 10 years of experience in medicine in the securities industry, and has been a core member in the new wealth team.
Wang Minjie, Master of Finance, Central University of Finance and Finance, and Bachelor of Medicine, Nakayama University. Joined East Hing Securities in July 2019 to study the pharmaceutical industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.