The 2024 and the 2025 quarterly reviews: a steady increase in the sale of food in the kitchen, a build-up, a great health field, agro-forestry fishing and agro-processing.
The fall in prices of rice, wheat, maize, etc. is favourable to the company’s profits, but the fall in the prices of rice, wheat, and maize affects the level of profitability, and the trend towards increased flour and rice sales has led to corporate profitability. We expect the prices of raw materials such as wheat, rice, etc. to rise mildly in 2025, and the company’s performance is expected to benefit from the recovery of the raw material landscape.
(a) Kitchen food operations: in 2024, sales increased on a year-on-year basis, with retail outlets operating at a cost of 24.7 million tons, or +4 per cent, in 2024, mainly catering and food industry outlets. Sales and profits grew as companies continued to expand, while retail outlets performed under pressure;
The 52-week peak/minimum operating income of $147.6 billion, or minus 6 per cent, is mainly due to a fall in the price of major products as a result of a fall in the price of raw materials, which exceeds the revenue contribution of the increase in sales; the Māori rate of 6.92 per cent, or minus 0.51 ptt.
Gold dragonfish are actively developing products in the field of health, and specialized departments have been set up to do the work. Thanks to the advantages of scale processing, companies have been able to effectively produce the functional ingredients in the raw materials. High-end glycerine di-ester oils (dag), middle- and long-chain fatty acids, plant hysterols, low-gi products, etc. have been introduced
Total sales of raw materials and oil and resin technology business, 29.65 million tons, +10 per cent; operating income, $91.6 billion, +10 per cent; Māori rate, 2.42 per cent, +0.23 pt, as a result of increased profitability and good purchasing of raw materials, sale of company feed raw materials and oil and resin technology products and the sale of raw materials
The profits are higher. We expect that the year 2025 as a whole will be boosted by a combination of the three-dimensional factors of the supply of soybean raw materials, the demand for the production chain, and the population's consumption recovery, and the oil-pressure profits represented by the importation of soybeans.
The Golden Dragonfish (300999.sz) - 2023 semi-annual review: 2023q2 net profit from the mother, now $112 million, with significant phase stress in the feed raw material and oil and gas technology industry.
Investment proposal: The company is expected to diversify as a kitchen food leader, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. Given the uncertainty about the volatility of raw materials, such as beans, wheat, maize, etc., it is beneficial to the company’s profits, but the decline in rice, wheat, maize prices affects the level of profitability, flour and rice sales.
The price of raw materials, such as wheat and maize, is expected to rise in 2025, and the company’s performance is expected to benefit from a better recovery of the raw materials. Figure 2: Golden Dragonfish one-season operating income and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent)
In 2024, company kitchens sold 24.7 million tons of food, i.e. + 4 per cent of the same, mainly products and benefits from catering and food industry channels.
The same ratio to 6%, mainly because of the fall in prices of the main products, which exceeds the increase in sales, has created a special department responsible for the work. As a result of the advantage of scale processing, companies have been able to produce functional ingredients in the raw materials and have introduced glycerin diethyl oil (dag), middle- and long-chain fat acids.
Forage raw materials and fat technology: sales increased by the same amount in 2024 as profits. In 2024, company feed was 2.42% Māori, compared to +0.23pt, which benefited from higher profits and good growth in the extension of the oil and gas technology industry chain.
In addition, in 2024, the company traded shares held in a part of the joint venture that was co-invested with the Shandong Ruhua Group Ltd. with the Ruhua Group, which achieved a pre-tax profit of $389 million.
The difference between the price of the equity transaction and the cost of the original investment, which requires the company to pay $550 million in income tax, has also led to a change in the same ratio of net return to the company. Operating cash flow pressure, slower efficiency of receivables and inventory turnover.
Figure 9: Operating cash flows of gold dragonfish Investment proposal: The company, as a kitchen food leader, is expected to diversify and maintain a "better than the big city" rating. Given the uncertainty of fluctuations in the flow of raw materials, such as beans, wheat, maize, etc., and due to the precautionary principle,
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject