High-speed growth in the performance of civil-military orders as a result of the continued growth of domestic power connectors (002179.sz)
• The national power connector lead business, civil-military operations and, for the first time, the “upgrading” rating of the company as the country's leading military connector, actively expanding its civilian business based on military goods, with steady growth in performance. In the future, it will benefit from the mechanization of the army, information-building requirements, 5g commercial promotion, and new energy.
With growing demand for power cars, companies are expected to continue to grow at a higher rate. We predict the average valuation level of companies listed, the steady growth of military orders, the expansion of public orders, the continued increase in market shares, the first coverage, and the granting of an “enhanced” rating, given the company's role as a leading domestic power connector.
• Stable growth in the global connector market, booming Chinese markets, steady spatial growth in the global connector market, with a global market size of 5.37 per cent in 2010-2019. The Asia-Pacific region is the largest connector market, accounting for 56 per cent of the global market in 2019. China is the largest global market/
The fastest-growing market for connectors, with a capr market size of 8.24% in 2010-2019. I have a relatively high concentration of military goods on national connectors, with China PV leading the military connector, with a market share of 40.67%, which is the highest. The company is expected to continue to have high civil-military orders, benefiting from a strong downstream demand.
• Active expansion of civilian goods operations based on military goods, which are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future, with companies operating in military goods accounting for about 50% and communications and new energy vehicles accounting for about 35%. In military goods operations, the army, mechanization, information-building requirements, driving the renewal of weapons equipment, and in civilian goods operations, 5g communications commerce
The rapid expansion of the market for new energy vehicles and goods, the high demand for downstream industries, the expansion of the future conglomerates market, and the expectation that company performance will continue to grow at a higher rate and that the market share will continue to expand.
China PVS Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “China PV”) is the largest supplier of military-industrial connectors in the country, belonging to the China Air Industry Group, and traded on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2007. The company is a professional in research and development/production/sale/service of high-reliable light/electric/fluid connectors and related equipment, and provides the system.
The main products include electrical connectors, optical devices and photovoltaics, cable components and integrated products, fluids and liquid cold equipment.
The field of applications is relatively concentrated in the sectors of communication and data transmission, new energy vehicles, orbital transport, consumer electronics, etc. Market demand for military goods is much influenced by national policies, such as our aerospace development strategy, the defence budget, etc., all of which will affect the market demand for military goods for companies.
The company’s main customers are concentrated in the communications, new-energy automobile industry, and the demand for communications commerce and new-energy cars is on the rise in the future, with a new round of rising demand leading to a growing demand for goods.
The company's performance has continued to grow on the basis of the distribution of military goods, benefiting from a steady increase in civil-military orders and a 29.71% decrease in the company's net profits from 2010-2019. During the first quarter of the epidemic, many client orders were delayed, but the overall demand has not changed.
Figure 2: Maintenance of higher growth in corporate operating income, Figure 3: Maintenance of higher growth in corporate performance
In terms of profitability, the company’s overall Māori ratio has been relatively stable and has remained at over 30%. In recent years, the company’s net profit rate has remained at a better level, with a gradual increase in the private sector’s share of business and a greater downward pressure on Māori.
The Māori rate is expected to remain relatively stable as a result of a number of measures, such as process optimization and management refinement.
Companies have a better level of management of their costs over the period, with an overall downward trend in cost rates. The rate of management costs decreased from 13.5 per cent in 2017 to 4.7 per cent in 2019, a decrease of 8.8 pct, mainly as a result of the company ' s separate listing of R & D costs, inputs, efforts to increase its capacity to develop autonomous products and upgrade the process; the cost of sales decreased from 8.1 per cent in 2010.
By 2019, 4.1 per cent, a decrease of 4 pcc; financial cost has been maintained at a low level, with financial costs largely subject to exchange rates The company’s main operations are expected to continue to grow and continue to contribute to performance revenue. According to the 2019 report, the company’s main operations include electrical connectors/lightware and optical equipment/fluids/tooth and other products as a share of operating income
The new round of rising demand, which is represented by the late slopes in the demand for new energy vehicles, is one of the largest companies in the current market for domestic connectors, with products covering the downstream segment, which has accumulated more high-quality customer resources in related areas in the previous period, and is now in the performance period. Steady growth in the equipment sector, combined with demand in new and emerging areas, is showing some future performance.
Figure 6: The power connector is the most profitable and the market for the connector is expanding rapidly, and the tap is expected to continue to benefit.
A connector is a basic element that is necessary for the electrical connection of an entire electrical system. A connector is a functional element that connects/disconnects or converts a circuit or a light channel by means of a telecommunications signal or light signal and mechanical force, which is used as a telecom or light signal connection between a device/component/equipment/system, transmits a signal or electromagnetic energy, and maintains the system.
There is no change in signal failure and energy loss with the system. Phototelecom connectors are used wherever it is needed, and connectors have been widely used in aerospace, military equipment, communications, computers, automobiles, industry, household appliances, etc., and are now one of the backbone industries of electronic information infrastructure.
3.1. The global connector market has grown steadily, the Chinese market has flourished, and the overall market size of the connector market has increased with the level of socio-economic development. According to the bishopassosociates data, the size of the global connector has increased from $45.2 billion in 2010 to $72.4 billion in 2019.
Cagr reached 5.37% and the overall market size is rising. The Asia-Pacific region is the largest market for connectors, accounting for 56% of the global market in 2019. With the transfer of factories and production activities from North America and Europe to the Asia-Pacific region, the market for connectors will continue to grow in the future with the rapid growth in the spread of 5g communicators, the new energy car market and the networking of goods.
In recent years, global connector productivity has been shifting to China, with the world’s largest market for connectors growing at a faster rate than the world does. With the shift in industrial chains, foreign firms coming to China, and demand growing at a higher rate, the country’s connection market was 19.34% cagr in 2000-2010, with high speeds and long-terms; in 2010-2019, the country’s connection market was growing at a higher rate.
With a capr of 8.24% in size, the market for connectors is still growing at a high rate compared to the 5.37% growth rate in the same period in the global market. In 2019, the market for connectors was about $22.1 billion, representing about 31% of the global market.
The market size of our connector is expected to remain high in 2020, driven by downstream demand.
The connection market has basically become an oligopolistic competition pattern. The top ten connector firms in the world have a market share of more than 60%. From the domestic market, there are about 1,000 connector manufacturers, of which about 300 are foreign investors, over 700 are home-made, concentrated in the long triangles and bead triangles.
With a market share of 42.77%, we still have much room for development in the head of the international market, compared to more than 50% concentration in the head of the international market. We have a relatively high concentration in the military market of the connector, with PV in China leading the army, with a market share of 40.67%.
Up, the Matthews effect will become more visible, and the company’s market share in civil-military goods is expected to continue to grow.3.3.In terms of downstream applications of products, the three main areas of operation – military engineering, communications and new energy vehicles – are now public.
The diversification of product applications has helped to create linkages and complementarities between operations and spread corporate risks. 3.3.1, the demand for new energy vehicles is high, and the market space for automobile connectors is large.
The area of cars is the largest application market downstream of electrical connectors. There are about 600 to 1,000 electronic connectors in traditional cars, about 800 to 1,000 in new-energy cars, well above the average for conventional cars, and there are also a large number of connectionr products in the attached chargeposts, with single-energy car chargers.
The average price was $20,000, of which the connector cost approximately $3500, and the charge-post connector value was higher. As the market entered the late stages of the upward slope of the new energy car sales, the market demand was huge. According to Bishopassosocates, the automobile connection market reached $15.8 billion in 2018, accounting for 23% of the global market, and is currently the largest.
Disaggregated areas. In the area of new energy car connectors, company clients include major domestic new energy car producers, such as Biadi/Gianghuai/Kiri/Chang An/Tung Fung/Wung Yu, new energy car connectors, the gradual replacement of external commercial products in the area of new energy car connectors, and the company ' s first share in the domestic market for new energy car connectors.
The interplating connector developed by the company as a supplier of Tesla's connector has been successfully fitted to the model. The interplating connector set up by the company for Tesla is used in the motordell3 vehicle charger, which transmits high voltage currents and low voltage signals. The vehicle charger is responsible for converting the communication to straight current and lithium batteries.
Charges, which are equivalent to the “mini-voltaic power station” inside the car. As Tesla sales increase, the company will benefit significantly from PV in China as a companion. Moreover, as PV in China enters the Tesla industry chain, it will in turn raise the company’s position in the industry and improve the scope of the company’s business, and its market share in new energy cars is expected to continue to rise.
The data published in the year show that 21% of the entire connection market is connected to communications and data transmission, the second-largest appliance market for electrical connectors. Connectors are an important part of communications equipment, in general communications equipment.
The value is about 3-5%, while the value in some large equipment is over 10%. Mobile communications base stations/base station controllers/mobile exchange networks/ joint support nodes are used for a large number of connections of different specifications and functions, such as radio frequency connectors/power connectors/backboard connectors/input & output connectors/print circuit board connectors.
The Ministry of Information and Communications has officially issued a 5g commercial licence plate, and in 2020 it is expected that the total number of major stations under construction in 5g will reach 4.75 million and that the total number of small stations will reach 9.5 million, which will be three to four times that of the 4g base station, and that the total market size of our 5g industry is expected to reach 1.15 trillion yuan, or nearly 50 per cent over the total market size of the 4g industry.
In the area of communications, companies have established good partnerships with key users such as China for /China for /nokia/ge/ Samsung, and in the context of the accelerated construction of 5g, corporate private goods orders are expected to continue to grow, leading to a sustained rise in performance.
3.3.3. Military construction requires steady growth in military operations. The company is the largest supplier of electrical connectors in the country, with military revenues accounting for about 50 per cent of the revenue collected. Military connectors are essential components of new high-performance weapons equipment such as reconnaissance aircraft, missiles, smart bombs, etc., which are used primarily in aviation, aviation, aviation, aviation, etc.
High-tech areas such as space, weapons, ships, and electronics. Defence spending is the basis for the expansion of the military-industrial sector. According to the 13th Five-Year Plan for the Development of the Army, the military will be largely mechanized by 2020, and significant progress will be made in information-building.
According to China ' s Industrial Information Network, China ' s military connector industry has a market of just $4.016 billion in 2010 and is expected to have a market of 12.36 billion yuan in domestic military connections by 2020, and since 2010, according to data from China ' s Industrial Information Network.
The complex growth rate of 10.8 per cent is expected to continue to grow in size as the army becomes more intelligent and as the modernization of the army accelerates, leading to an increase in the demand for large quantities of new equipment.
1) Military operations: As the military and the 13th Five-Year Plan enter their final stages, the army will be largely mechanized in 2020, and purchase orders for weapons and equipment will grow rapidly and the domestic market for military connectors will continue to grow.
2) Automobile business: The company is the largest new energy car connector in the country, with customers covering all the major new energy car manufacturers in the country. New energy car sales are at an advanced stage of the slope, and Tesla’s growing production in China has led to an increase in the company’s new energy car connector business, as cooperation with Tesla continues to deepen.
3) Communications operations: 5g commercial license issues, 5g network construction accelerated, and revenues from corporate communications and data transmissions are expected to accelerate in 2020.
The market share continued to rise and was covered for the first time with an “enhanced” rating.