I-patid National Production Substitutes Speed Up, Growing Space Accelerating Release 23rd of 2025, Research Assistant Li Yawen
▪ The radio frequency industry has shown remarkable growth and profound change: in market space, the report of the China-China Institute of Industry Studies projects a breakthrough of $30 billion in global front-end markets in 2025, with China accounting for more than 40% of the demand driven by the construction of 5g base stations.
Three aspects: first, the evolution of technical materials, the accelerated penetration of gan (nitrogenated thorium) technologies in the field of base stations and defence space because of its efficient properties, with the domestic market for gan-frequency devices estimated at $10.6 billion in 2025; and, at the same time, the saw filter gradually replaced fbar due to cost and performance advantages.
The second is the accelerated replacement of national production, with local firms such as the cutting-edge core, Chewie and Unrewet breaking international monopolies through technological innovation, breaking performance on products such as lpamid modules, filters, etc., and entering the mainstream supply chain. The third is the continuous expansion of applications, with the exception of:
Outside the 5g mobile phone, radio frequency technology is rapidly landing in emerging markets such as automobile adas, satellite communications, low-altitude economies, and the ai-side, driving the industry toward high performance, high integration. l-patid’s full-chain national production and performance overlaps injected into growth potential, driving a very high yield delivery.
New space: The famous l-pamid product has successfully entered the stage of production delivery through product certification by some mainstream clients. l-Pamid is a bead-type product that carries the company’s future growth in revenue, the master collection and distribution module, the integrated radio frequency low-noise amplifier, the radio frequency magnifier, the radio frequency switch.
Radio-frequency front-end modules for devices such as kiosks, binoculars and quadruples are the first series of products in the industry to achieve a national supply chain. This series of products integrates the 6-inch filter crystalline production line of self-produced max-saw filters, with poi bottom liners, high frequency applications, high performance, etc.
The ability to apply below sub-3ghz can reach the level of baw and fbar. Company needles cover the full frequency of l-pamid development, which will gradually enrich the product model, continuously layout the high-valued product matrix, and form a strategic closure of the product. The product is now starting small batches in some customers.
Volume delivery, which is expected to start in the second half of the year, is expected to open up new growth space for companies. 6/12 inches of crop momentum and cost optimization injected into profit dynamics, contributing to a steady recovery in the success of Māori: the company's 6/12 inches is moving well, the crop rate is rising and the Māori rate is rising.
Looking forward to a steady recovery. The 6-inch line has achieved a full layout of the product class and has made a breakthrough on the integrated product, and the i-patid product has completed the leap from small bulk delivery to official volume delivery, further entrenching the profit base of the production line. The 12-inch line is based on a silicone-based technology platform.
Hearts, focused on dynamic heterogeneous materials and special processes, rapid release of production capacity and steady production, and as capacity utilization steadily rises, product costs are on the verge of falling to a point where it is expected that the company's Māori ratio will gradually recover and return to the rising path.
▪ Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Based on company announcements, the total market requirement for the radio front-end chip chain is $M), with a new parent net profit forecast of $US 1,117 billion in 2027, and we value the company's future growth potential as an industry leader and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Three major financial forecasting tables, Cheuk Sheng Wei Wei, Inc., have been accredited to portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.