I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
Hold(down) drying targetprice
(previoustp the company's 2019annualresultswasinlinewithourandconsensus currentprice)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company was 2019annualresources. rpkincreased 5.7% yoy, lowerthanguidance.passengerloadfactor
Incorporated 0.42 pptto 81.02%. passengeyielddecreased 2.2% yoytorm wenjieding, pd 0.53perpk.revenuedreased0.5% yoytorm 140.2bn, inlinewith
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, stopdata proposed cashdividendofrm0.04pershareforfy19. demandrecoveryfacesgreattainties.accordingtotheministryof
30% of the samedaylastyyear. duetoinsufficientairtradedmand, passenger loadandyieldbothtropped.ookingforward, listedairlinesgenerally expect
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, and that's what I'm talking about.
Internationaldemandtobemoreuncertain. duotheuncentaintyof Chinaaviation demandrecovery, Listairlinesdidnotti202020eguidance.weassume:
Haddingcorporationmited domesticrpkgrovethin 1/3/4q20eis - 50%/-5%/10% yoy, cathaypacific
It's not like it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing.
I don't know what to do, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it.
Internationallylpkofairchina/chinaeastairlines/chinasouthernairlines concerned 42.4%/33.3% and 33.3%offtotalpk.injan 2020, Internationalrpk source: Bloomberg
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
"9m19revenueinline; cautiously optimistic4q19outook"-1nov "expectdemandtoroverin"
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm not sure that's what you're talking about.
Theresarchanalywhoisprimariresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatrespectto the securitiesorissuerthattheanascoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressaccurateallyreflefectorherpersonviewsabout the subjectsecuritiesorissesouser; and (2) nopartifhisorhercompensationwas, is, orwillbe, directdirectly, relatedtospecificews.
I don't know what you're talking about.
i.e. dateofissuesueofthisreport; (2) whildylinortradeinthestock(s) overableinthisresearchreport3businessday after thedateofissuesueof report; (3) serveasan officeofofofthehongkonglistidcompaniescoveredinthrisk
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Outperform mark-perform underperform
I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America, and I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America.
Importantdiscussions and bisdoesnotprovideindividulytailloredinvendmentationmentation.
I don't know, I don't know.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not like you're not talking about it, but it's not like you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it, you're talking about it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Other publicisations have been introduced for the purposes of the Convention and/orconclusions have been involved in the development of the international community. These publicisations have resulted in a change of views, point-of-view analyticalmethodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do something about it.
I don't know, reportand and biswillnotassiumsponcyresibility perpetuity otherof.thisreportisfortheuseofuseofintendrecipitsonlyandthispublication, maynotbe reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributedorpublishedinwholeorinpartforanypurposenseofoutpriorwrittenconsensentof bis.adtionlinforformationonrecommenedsecuritiesavailableoponrequest.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.