Hold change'anauto forecastchange
♪ Asia china reauters ♪
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, aweak3q 17 with intensemargin pressureistous valuation & risks
vincentha, cfa 47% yoy3q17netprofitdeclineonmargincontrol, despateflatishsales researchcanalist
I've got 1.5% of youytormb17.3bnddespitean 11.1% yoydrapin localbrandvexalesvolumeto 286kunits, probablyduetoinclusingsuv feisun, cfa
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Yoydrapinthesg & aratio.inaddition, newasan 27.2% yoyeearnings constructing lines fromitsjvs/associates, trivenbya 14.4% yyysalesvolume yukilu
You know, I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
64% ofouriginalfy17yearsforecastsorfrmb9.0bn.terfore, weconsider theresultstoourtextations. deutschebankview-competitivepressuremakesusmoredownbeat
I mean, with the official popular programs' salesmomentumweakeningandlimmited new'killer'productsinsight, specialatthemajorearningscontribator change'anford, wedoubtthatchang'ancanstageastrangeearningsreboundin
It's not like we're going to have to do it, but we're going to have to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we's, we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, we's, we're we're going to do it, we're we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're we're going, we're we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17
Ourfy17-19enetprofitby 8.0-9.1%, mainlyonlowermarginassumptionsfor the localbrandsand thejvsamid co-petitivepressure. wevaluechang'anat 7.5xfy18ep/e (from7.0x, negotiatingthesectorre-)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
%(absolute expectedhiclesales, 2)pricing pressureand3)work-than-expectedlocal
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(prc), excludingsspecialistiveregionsoflongkongandmacau.)
Bloomberg: 000625cs hold company profile
The company'smajorbusisesincludethemanufactureofwhole seriouspassengerhicles, globalvehiles, autopartsands.
It's not like we're going to have to go to the bathroom, but we're going to have to go to the bathroom.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, and I'm gonna do it for you, okay?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Hetralizationsandtargetprice.chang'anauto (000625.sz) (asof 10/25/2017)
I'm sorry, hold failed suspending
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Hold, targetpricechangecny14, 50vincentha, cfa 02/20/2017 hold, targetpricechangecny17, 05vincentha, cfa
Hold, targetpricechangecny13,75vincentha, cfa 04/26/2017 hold, targetpricechangecny15,45vincentha, cfa
Quintyratingdispersionandbankingrelationshipships equityrateringkey buy: basedonnacurrent12-monthviewoftoralshare-holder
Return (tr=percentagechangeinshareprircorent pricetoprojecedtargetpriceplus pro-jeceddividendyeld), shell: basedonacurrent12-monthviewoftalshare-hold
I'm sorry, werecommendtainvestorssellstock.hold:wetakeanutralviewstock12-montthsoutand, badthistemehrizon, donottrecommendeotherabuy
Newlymissedresearchrecommendationsandtargetprices suppersededively publicizedresearch.
I don't know, hang'anauto additionalFormation the internationalandopinioninsinthysreportwerepreparedbydeutschebankoroneofitsaffiliates (collectively)
"Deutschebank") ...though theinformationhereisbelievedtobereliableandsbeenobtainedbrompublicsours believedtobereliable, deutschebankmakesnorepreformatsacuracyorcompletences.hyperlinkstothird-partywebsitesinthisreportoredforderconvenionly.deutschebankneotherothersethershecontentnor
Ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschenconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofcustytisdiscussedinthis report, orisincludedortiscuscussedinothercommunition(oralorritten)fromadeutschebankanalyst, deutschebankmay
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it, but we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The frequenyofchangesinmarketconditionsansandinbothgeneraland companypanyspecificconomic prospecetsmakeit difficulttoupdateresearchtechdefinedintervals.updatesalesedhesolediscriptionofthecoverageanalyconcernedorof thereseanchdepartmentmentmentmentandassuchthemajorityofreportsarepublishedairguardintervals.thisreport
I don't know, it's providedforformation of the partyicularinddoesnottakerintoacaccounts the partyiculinvendmentsmento bjectives, financial situations, orneedsofindividualcolients.itisnotanofforacitationofanoffertobuyorsellanyfinancialinstruments orparticipateinanyparticulartratringstratey.targetpricesareinherentlyimpreciendaproductoftheanalystpriméses
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know if you're the one who's been there.
Instrumentationistinacurrencementor'Scurrence, acheenexchangamentsmayadversely affecttheinvestment.pastpermanceisnotcerissariindidicativeboutureresources.unlessotherwiseindicated, préces
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm talking about, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm talking about it, and then I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it, and I'm thinking about it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'd like to thank you for your help, macroeconomic development softenasormostophostosociated with exposurestoinstrumentsthatpromise topayfixedorvariableinterestrates.foraninvestor whohoislongfixedratestratures (thatreceiving thesecashlows), incorporatedinterestratesnaturallyft thediscountfundfundorsapplied to theextecuted cashflowsandtuscausealos.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(including changesinstalenttypesovenvestors), changesintaxpolicies, currenceconvertivity (whochmayconstraincurencyconversion, repatriationofprofetsand/ortheliquidationofpositions)
Tomacroeconomicshocksmaybemitigationby indexing thecontracted cashflowation, to specied interestrates–thesearecommoniumglingmarkets.itismportanttonotehattheindexingsmayy by consultation - lagormis-measuretheactualmoveintheunderingvariablestheyareintendtedttrack.thechoiceofthe
I.e., couponsindexed to atypicallyshort-dated interestraterferenceindex)reexchedforfixedcoupons.itissoimportanttoacknolleddge thatfindinacurrencertiffersfromthecurrenceinwhochcouponsarenamedalisfrisk.naturally,
It's not like I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it.
Including theirtaxposition, theirregulatoryenvironmentandthetureofthetropotherassetsandliabilities, andassuch, investors shouldtakeexperteglegalandfinciandracidvicevesforesteringintoanytransactionssimilartoorororinpiledby the contentsofthispublication.thesislosinfuturestradatingoptions,forignordommestic,canbesubstantial.asa
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it.
Nomerousmarketfactors, includingworldandnationalconomic, politicalandregulatoryevents, eventsquityand debtmarketsandchangesininterestrates; and (ii)currencesmaybesubjecttovalactionorizationimposed exchangeconstrolswhochcoulldaffect the Valueoftheturrence.investsinsecuriuschasads, WHOvaluesareresa
Affectioned by thecurrenceofanunderingsecurity, emergencyassemmecurrencerisk. unlessoverlaw providesotherwise, alltransactions shouldbeexecuted through thedeutschebankencyintheinvestor's'somejurisdiction.
I don't know, gm.db.com/equitiesunder the "discussionslookup" and "legal" tabs. investorsareslonglyensourcedviewviewthis information information. deutschebankag, itsbranchesandafiliatedcompanies)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Whorecapableofevaluatingvementrisskinsindipendently, bothingenalandwithregardtoparticularizations and investmentstrategies, andwhounderstandthatdeutschebankhasfinaninterestsintheofferofionofofiectsproducts automobiles and components
If that'snotthecase, orifyouareanioraorotherretailinvestorrethisdirectlybromus, weask thatyouinformusimmediately.
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's in the middle of it, but you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's the one who's in the middle of it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Asstockbroker.researchchanalysedirection numberisishin0001741.deiplamayhavevevedmedministrativewarnings Fromthesebiforbreachesofindianregulations.japan:approvedand/anistedbydeutschecritiesinc.(dsi).registrynumer-registerasafincial.
Instrumentsdealerbytheheadoftekanantolofintainmentbureau (kinsho)no.117.memberofassociations: jsda, type iifinncialinstrumentsFIrsassociationthefinanfuturesassassociationofjapan.commissionsandrissksinvolved instocktransactions-forstocktransactions, wechargescommmissionsandconsumptionsbymultiprintingthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Productsandservations.productsandservicescarrythesoriskostrosestoprincipal and otherlossasaresultofchangesinmarketketand/oreconomictrends, and/orflacturingsinmarketvalue.before decidingonthepurchaseoffinancianproductsand/orservices, customssould carefulreadshelevantdisclostures,
"Molody's", "standard&poor's", and "fitch"mentiedimenthisportarenot registeredtratingagencesinjapanlesjapanor" nippon"iscipicaldesignativedinthenameoftheity.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.

Singapore: bydeutschebankag, singaporebrandeurdeutsegritiesasacialimited, singaporebranch (oneruffles quay#18-00southtowersingapore048583, +65642380001) whichmaybecondicatedrespectofanymattersarirising from, orinconneactionwith, thisreport.whoheethisportissuissoorpro Mulgaedinsingaporeapersonwhoisnostan
Accrectediteinvestor, expertinentvestorinstitutioninvestor (asdefinedtheaplicablesingaprelawsandregulations), legalresponsiabilitytosuchpersonsforitscontents.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Automobiles & components change'anauto construedasarecommendationtotrainsuchsecurities/instruments.deutschecuritiesasasialimed, tiipeibranch
qatar: deutschebankagin theqatarfininancióncentre (registeredno.00032)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
kingdomofsaudiarabia: deutschececurisaudialarbialcompany, (registeredno.07073-37)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, dubaifinaservicesauthority.australia: retailclientsssoouldobtaipyofaproductdiscoverstatestatement(pds)reatingtoanyfincialprodactreferredtointhishisreportandconsidertheepdsbeforemakinganydecisionabouthetheothertoacquiretheprodact.ples
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know what to do, but I don't know.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what to do.
Headopacrearch headofamericasresearchresearch
♪ Globallheadofeconomics globalheadofequiresearch anthonyklarman ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Globallheadof headofema headofapac ♪
♪ Globalheadof debtresearch equityresearch ♪
I've got a lot of work to do. I've got a lot of work to do.
I'm not sure if it's true, but it's not true.
I'm sorry, and qisresearch internationalations deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Deutschebankplace filehongkong 2-11-1 nagatacho
60329 frankfurtammamain internationalcommercecentre, sannoparktower
1austinroadwest, kowloon, germany
Longkong japan australia
1 Greatwinchesterstreet londonec2n2eq
♪ uninventingdom ♪