Ningpo Bank has continued to grow at a high rate of profit and has enhanced asset quality.
The average weighted net asset return was 15.56 per cent, a decrease of 1.07 percentage points. Loans increased slightly, with deposits rising at the forefront of the city’s comptoirs. Unfavourable doubles, asset quality continued to improve and advantages were enhanced. Stock provisions were slightly reduced, and absolute levels remained high at the city’s comptoirs.
Business data are derived from, or differ from, performance reports. Corporate performance continues to be high, asset quality advantages are strengthened, and four-quarter income growth is influenced by the state of debt.
Corporate management is excellent, credit and investment are highly competitive, and as absolute volume increases, companies develop in such strategic and business aspects as consumer finance, leasing, institutions and wealth. It will support firms to grow. Companies are our core recommended target, maintain their rating of company growth, and continue to look good.
The Ningpo Bank achieved a net return profit of 23,075 million yuan a year, an increase of 18.1 per cent a year, a decrease of 2.1 percentage points from the previous three seasons: 12.3 per cent in the fourth quarter and 12.3 per cent in the third quarter.
Business income increased by 9.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, a 5.5 percentage point decline compared to the previous three quarters; a 5.8 per cent decline on a quarter-on-year basis in the fourth quarter; a 16.8 per cent decline on a quarter-on-year increase compared to the third quarter; a positive and negative shift in the one-month growth ratio; and a significant adjustment of the debt market in the last four quarters to the impact of the epidemic on economic activity, or to the impact of the epidemic on revenues, corporate investment
A higher share of income is expected to be the main reason for the restructuring of the debt market. The profits and incomes increase at a lower rate, the incomes increase at a higher rate than the profits, costs, provisions, etc., or contributions to the profits. Loans rose slightly, and deposits grew at a higher rate in the city’s comptoirs.
Loans grew by 21.3 per cent over the year, slightly decreased by 1.0 percentage points over the third quarter, the loan grew at a lower rate than total assets, and the increase in non-lending assets slowed at a greater rate. Deposits grew by 23.2 per cent over the year, rising by 3.7 percentage points over the third quarter, and the rate of increase in deposits was fast reported in published performance.
Continued improvement in asset quality, with provision for a slight drop in points; loan allocation of 3.79 per cent, 0.21 percentage points lower than at the end of the third quarter, while the provision remains at the absolute level
Based on the speed of performance growth and asset quality disclosed in the company ' s performance report, we have adjusted the company ' s surplus to qualify for portfolio investment consulting business, and the downside of the economy, the recurrent epidemic has led to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality.
Chart 2 collects cumulative revenues and increases on a one-season basis (%). Figure 4. Loans and increases on a year-on-year basis (in millions of dollars)