The barriers are so deep that the world's sports shoes are being made by the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center, and the Tsai Xin team is being trodden.
In terms of profitability, the top five clients with a higher Māori ratio, led by a higher Māori ratio of sales to the company ' s Māori ratio in 2021.
27.2%, an increase of 3.2 pp compared to 2017. Better cost control and fine management by companies bring down efficiency gains, leading the company’s profitability.
In addition, it is expected that the concentration of head-shoe manufacturers will continue to rise as a result of stringent supply chain audits by downstream branders.
In the early years, the Division opened up the international customer market by mastering the differential technology advantage of vulcanization. The company is now involved in the development and location of its products from the product to the volume stage, effectively increasing customer stickyness; in manufacturing, the company actively promotes automation, productivity efficiency, and rapid reversals.
The industry leads and effectively reduces production costs through differential location and centralized production. Thanks to the company’s strong customer-centred advantages in R & D, delivery times, and product quality, the firm has achieved deep binding with its high-quality clients, while the new client base is well developed and is expected to benefit from the growth of quality client orders and the company’s share in the customer base in the future.
. Maintain the "buy-in" rating. Corporate profile: high performance growth, rising prices for sneakers Industry: high viewing track, high barriers to industry
Corporate analysis: Quality client binding with outstanding supply capacity Company profile: Global sports shoe manufacturing tap □ Mainly engaged in the design, production and sale of sneakers, is a leading global professional manufacturer of sneakers, mainly nike, nike, nike, nike, nike, nike
Globally renowned sports brands such as converse, vans, puma, ug, columbia, undersarmour, hokaoneone provide design and manufacturing services, and companies have established long-term and stable partnerships with five of the top 10 companies with market shares in global sports shoes.
(b) \triangleright 2006-2014, where the company began to work with internationally renowned brands and operate independently from the Neanderthals group;
\triangleright 2015-2018, the company became the main supplier of nike, producing more than 100 million pairs; \triangleright
From 2019 to the present, the company has been on the business board, with sales exceeding 200 million.
• 2019, acquired for Conversation, nike, haka
Shije Nakayama, Teva, ug, one's main source
• 1995: change of name: Sanmi, Hong Kong vans.
• 2017, yield, Nan Yongchuan, Hong Kong • 2004, Wally
Eagle Tai: Changed to 2018, acquired from Midsanto, China.
• 2005, beginning • 2021, Indonesia • 2014, layout
Out-of-country factories and trade Central American production, overseas, inbound.
Dominican Production Company Profile: High concentration of shares, high level of managerial experience, high concentration of shares, and efficient decision-making. The company is controlled by the family of Zhang Xingyuan. Founders of Zhang Zhenbu and his wife, Zhou Meizuki, and their children, Zhang Zhibang and Zhang Wen.
Caring, Zhang Jingwei holds 87.48% of the shares through companies with limited intelligence, with a clear and highly centralized equity structure, and efficient decision-making. Corporate profile: Stockholding is highly concentrated, management is experienced, core management is experienced.
The company profiles are: big clients are sticky, perform robustly growing, leading to firm orders for sustained growth; and 2) companies are part of the core clients by virtue of their advantages in terms of quality, delivery period, capacity development, etc.
The United States is the largest market and Europe is growing fastest. In terms of revenue structure, the United States is the main sales market for companies by the location of their clients, with 2022h1 accounting for $8.46 billion, an increase of 19%, or 85.5% of the total.
In 2021, the company collected cagr at 25.2% in the European region, higher than the company’s overall growth rate, with the 22h1 European region receiving $1.240 billion, with the highest and fastest rate of leisure shoes. The 2022h1 sport recreational shoes/shoe slippers and other/outdoor boots contributed $842 million, $790 million and $670 million, respectively, and the sports shoes were the absolute backbone.
Corporate profile: Increased cooperation among large clients, increased client concentration, and increased client concentration. Companies are important suppliers of sneakers from the top 10 businesses in the global market for sports shoes, ike, vf, puma,underarmour, and have established partnerships with aics, newballance, and on-the-shoe operations.
In recent years, companies have strengthened their cooperation with large clients, bringing together the top five clients of 2022h1 (nike, deeckers, vf, puma, columbia) to contribute $9.13 billion, an increase of 22.2 per cent over the previous year, increasing the overall speed of the company.
The Māori rate continues to rise, and sports and leisure shoes are the most profitable. \triangleright has seen a steady increase in corporate Māori rates over the past few years, mainly as a result of 1) optimized customer and product-type structures and high Māori rates
The ratio of customer and high Māori leisure shoes has continued to rise; 2) the scale effect of increased production. 2017-2022h1 sub-prime Māori ratio. Corporate profile: Māori rates have been steadily up and tariff controls have continued to optimize
The net interest rate has risen steadily, with a combination of increased Maori rates and optimized fees. By the third quarter of 2022, the net profit growth industry was leading.
In recent years, its strategy has been biased towards retail operations and has been accompanied by a slower pace of growth, such as the reprogramming of production capacity. In 2017, the Toyota camp was oversized by 28.9 per cent, but the gap has narrowed gradually in recent years, and in 2021 it achieved a counter-surplus, mainly as a result of: 1) the diversification of the structure of Wally clients, which can benefit from the growth dynamics of more customers; 2) with its more efficient supply capacity, Wally's share of core customers' nike is increasing.
From 2017 to 2021, Wally received 22 per cent of gagr from nike, exceeding Fontai.
The main reasons are: 1) the company’s higher management efficiency and automation lead to better cost controls; 2) the company’s factories are concentrated in northern Viet Nam, with lower payroll costs for employees.
Of these, Wally/Yumoto/Fontai has a management cost rate of 4.2 / 6.4 / 9.2 per cent, respectively, and the company ' s better management efficiency is the main reason. 2017 - 2022q3 and the comparable total company rate of interest of the firm Wally net interest rate are ahead of the company. By industry comparison, benefits from the company ' s 1) superior Mäori rate level; 2) better cost-rate control; 3)
Lower income tax rates (lower tax rates for subsidiaries in Hong Kong under the flag of Walli, 20.9 per cent for the first three quarters of 2022/Fontai/Yu Yuan, 20.2 per cent for the first three quarters of 2022), and high net corporate interest rates ahead of comparable companies, as of the third quarter of 2022/Fonthai/Huwon Company profile: positive expansion of productive capacity, high level of certainty of performance growth
Positive expansion is expected to contribute to a new performance growth point. Benefiting from strong downstream demand and firm corporate excellence in terms of capacity, R & D, and delivery, firm orders have been strong, and in recent years the capacity utilization and sales rates of companies have remained high.
The company ' s production base is located abroad, with Viet Nam being the largest producing area, with 98.4 per cent of the total number of factory shoe workers in 2021, 2017-2022h1 producing capacity and utilization by region, 2021
(b) In December 2022, the company acquired heroism and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and acquired heroism to produce about 10 million pairs of sneakers in Yongchon, Viet Nam.
Table: Status of the expansion project at Viet Nam's shoe-fixing production base Company profile: double price increases, improved profitability Company sales of sneakers overall have been on the rise since 2021, with sales of company sneakers exceeding 200 million pairs and sales in 2017-2021
Corporate profile: fast-growing performance and high prices of sneakers Industry: high-scene track, high barriers to industry Corporate analysis: high-quality customer binding with excellent supply capacity
Sports shoe performance: high market climate and expected sustained increase in concentration - 0.6% of the year ' s Gagr, thanks to industrial policy support from governments for sports and physical education and increased health awareness, the demand for sports shoes has grown rapidly. According to data released by statista, the market for global sports shoes grew from $84 billion in 2014 to 2021.
$112 billion, plus 1.3 per cent in 2017-2021, increasing faster than the global shoeboard market.
In recent years, according to the Institute of Foresight, we have been able to improve our sneakers' clothing by more than 20%.
\triangleright models continue to increase in the overall share of the apparel industry, 13.4% in 2021, compared to 6.1 pp in 2013, reflecting a gradual increase in the population’s preference for the consumption of sports clothing. But there is still much room for improvement in the overall share of sports clothing compared to developed countries.
5.1 pp/5.7 pp/24.3 pp below Germany/Japan/United States, respectively. The size of our sport costumes as a proportion of the size of our costumes, 2013-2021, and the size of our sport clothing as a proportion of the overall size of our costumes, 2021
Sports shoe performance: The market has a high climate, concentration is expected to increase continuously, there is still room for expansion in the market size of sneakers, sports participation has increased and trends have been broken down. According to the Bulletin of the Survey of Physical Activity for All 2020, the country participated in 1 per week in 2020
In addition to this, there has been a steady increase in outdoor sports participation in recent years, as well as the spread of small high-end sports such as skiing and tennis. The increase in sports participation has been driven mainly by two factors, namely, the introduction of policies to strengthen sports.
The number of places, facilities and facilities built; the second is an increase in the importance of sport and physical education among the population, as shown in the following table: Some of our policies in support of sports development: our participation rate in sports, 2016-2021
There is still room for expansion. There is still room for improvement in per capita consumption and purchases. According to Euromonitor, the per capita consumption of sneakers was 40.1 in 2021.
\triangleright 2.9 pairs, 7.2 pairs, 5.6 pairs in the United States and Japan, with greater potential for per capita shoe-shoe purchases in developing countries.
Average per capita consumption of sneakers in 2021 (US$)
The market for sneakers increased from 27.4% in 2014 to 31.3%, which is more concentrated than the pattern of competition in apparel products. In the future, brand concentration is expected to increase further: 1) there is a marked differentiation in the products of sneakers, with consumers focusing on technology and functional attributes, with greater resource advantages and strong R & D excellence, leading to stronger product strength. 2) The branding effect is strong, and head brands rely on deep marketing to increase their visibility, size and capital.
Gold's advantage is to make consumers more sticky by naming big sports events, signing sports stars, and so on, creating a Matthews effect. The global market for sports shoes was cr10 2014-2021.
Sports and footwear industry: The trend towards the separation of brands, the increased stickyness of core suppliers, the trend towards a division of brands, and the prospect of an expansion of the market for shoes and shoes. Current global brands such as Nike, Adidas, vf, have adopted branding and manufacturing-separation patterns: brand operators are working hard.
\triangleright Value Shaping, product design, and marketing. In manufacturing, professional shoe makers are entrusted with responsibility; sports shoe-shoe manufacturers focus on the design and manufacture of sneakers to meet the demand of brand operators for product quality and stable delivery.
In addition to the international brand model of brand-made separation, firms using mixed models, such as stepping, are also reducing their own production rates from year to year in order to upgrade supply chain flexibility and light asset expansion. The share of home-grown shoe-steering products dropped from 42.9% in 2016 to 25.5% in 2021, and Fila own-shoe-steering products: Table: Main business models in the sports shoe industry
Sports and footwear industry: a clear trend towards the separation of brands, increased stickyness of core suppliers, long period of high-level examination of the supply chain threshold of brand customers, declining number of suppliers in recent years Brand operators will focus on the development capacity, production capacity, quality management, delivery times, and the ability of cooperative producers to select new manufacturers.
\triangleright Labour Protection, esg, etc.
In recent years, head brands have achieved a core supplier strategy by streamlining the number of suppliers and increasing the preference for working with nuclear suppliers that perform well in terms of quality, delivery, etc. The total number of nike and adidas collaborating plants has shown a downward trend. In the future, core suppliers and downstream viscosity will be further deepened.
In recent years, as a result of costs, shoe-making centers have gradually moved to countries in South-East Asia and South Asia, including Viet Nam, India, Indonesia, Myanmar.
\triangleright, the average wage levels in Viet Nam and Indonesia are much lower than those in China, with wages ranging from 10-30% in 2021. South-East Asian countries are also attractive in terms of manufacturing costs, income tax policies, and foreign-trade conditions.
Head-shoe companies have been the first to benefit from early deployment in South-East Asia. Toyota, Yumoto, Wally have been operating abroad since 1988 and 1992 and 2005, respectively, with long-standing experience in Viet Nam, where Wally plants are concentrated and are the first to benefit from dividends such as manpower, taxation, etc. Table: Comparison of taxes and foreign trade policies between China, Viet Nam and India
Monthly wage levels in China, Viet Nam and Indonesia, 2016-2021
Corporate analysis: Quality client binding with outstanding supply capacity Corporate analysis: client-centred casting of excellence in supply capacity Establishment of business department integrated client-centred R & D production and single-client “contractor” upgrading advantages.
The company's management model of “Headquarters + Enterprise” establishes a separate Department of Enterprise for large clients, which integrates single-client product development and volume-based production in order to effectively improve supply efficiency. The company's use of “package” at the end of production (i.e., one plant to serve a customer) helps to maximize scale effects and improve productivity and efficiency.
Table: Corporate “Headquarters + Enterprise” management model Corporate analysis: Differential technological advantages open markets, deep involvement in client product development, targeted product development for clients, stable growth in R & D costs.
The company uses a client-oriented R & D system to establish an independent \triangleright R & D centre for brands with development, technology, testing, etc., as of
In 2021, the company had a total of 2509 R & D workers, and 98 patents were created, of which 15 were patents for inventions.
Corporate analysis: Differential technological advantages open the market, deeper participation in customer product development, deeper involvement in client product development, deeper involvement in client product development. Companies, with their strong R & D and process innovation capabilities, participate in client development and technological innovation at both the R & D and volume production stages, and effectively improve customer stickyness.
In the development of new materials, the company has developed more advanced design and automated production equipment, and, based on years of research and production experience, has accumulated a variety of material formulations and processing techniques to meet consumer demand for high-performance and environmental protection of sneakers. In the production technology process, the company became the leader of the industrial sulfide shoe early in the year, thanks to more difficult vulcanization techniques.
The supply chain of converses and vans opens up the international branding market. Key processes such as molding, soles, shoe-face weaving, and preparation are now available, and efficiency gains are achieved while meeting product diversity.
The company is deeply involved in the development of new products for its clients at the R & D and volume stages, and new materials or formulations are applied individually or in conjunction with brand parties.
• Application of new processes Actual use of sneakers
Corporate analysis: multiple initiatives to build on the advantages of applying automation equipment to improve efficiency and head office to automate plants.
- The non-standard properties of shoe-shoe manufacture, the difficulty of full automation, the separation of the process by companies, the automation of \triangleright in the production of soles, the cutting of shoes, sewing, etc., and the efficient use of techniques such as the process and the soles of shoes to save manual inputs and improve production efficiency.
The group of companies heads the automation of the plants, which requires each plant to submit on a regular basis an automation improvement programme and to promote the case for the automation of the certificate of experience to effectively promote the automation of the process.
Corporate analysis: Multiple initiatives have created advantages, leading the fast-resilient industry.
With a regular delivery cycle of three months, the Division can deliver some emergency orders within one month or even two to three weeks, leading the fast-reaction industry. Corporate analysis: multiple initiatives create advantages.
Differential location & manufacturing centralization reduces costs, where artificial costs are one of the major costs for shoe-making firms, accounting for about 25% of the company’s operating costs, after the direct raw material costs (about 60%), and where raw materials are often designated by downstream branders, manual costs are key to controlling the costs of shoe-coating firms.
The company’s production subsidiaries are located mainly in the northern region of Viet Nam, where average wages are lower than in the southern part of Viet Nam, where Fongtai is located. Table: Companies and comparable companies are paid locally in the urban and urban areas of Viet Nam.
Corporate analysis: multiple initiatives to strengthen the manufacturing advantage, distribution of company shoe makers 2021 oral differential location & manufacturing concentration to reduce costs.
The company, the site of the Wally factory, is concentrated in Viet Nam and will receive a greater share of local taxes and human dividends on both sides (Yumoto and Fongtai have a larger share of their production capacity in the more costly Chinese territory).
The plant is more centralized and managed in smaller radiuss, leading to a better management of the distribution of the production of Fontai shoes in 2021 and the distribution of the people who made the shoes in 2021.
Corporate analysis: Multiple initiatives to strengthen the manufacturing advantage, benefiting from the advantages of automating and multiplying size and differential location, with companies producing more productively than comparable companies, with per capita costs significantly lower than comparable public revenues, rising by 22.5 per cent from 2017 to 2021, and Wallian per capita production of 1386 pairs of shoes per year in 2021, with more comparable companies with Xuwon and Fong-tae points.
\triangleright \triangleright is 35.3 per cent lower than the company ' s Xu Won (a 3.3 per cent increase in the cost per SHW).
Corporate analysis: Deep binding of high-quality customers, enjoying the dividends of the sports industry Thanks to the firm’s strong customer-centred advantage in R & D, delivery times, and product quality, achieving depth binding with high-quality clients. Work with high-quality clients stabilizes: 5 of the top 10 companies ranked as corporate clients (2021 data) in global sports shoe-wear markets, and when working together
\triangleright is long, and companies can fully benefit from the growth of global head-movement brands by entering into deeper collaboration with diverse and high-quality clients, making orders less volatile and more profitable (about 15 pp higher than the top five clients).
\triangleright Heart Client Performance Increases significantly higher.
Corporate analysis: Deep binding of high-quality customers, enjoying dividends from the sports industry Client recognition of supply capacity and an increase in the share of purchase orders Company has received multiple awards and manufacturing capacity recognition based on advantages in product development, product quality, fast reverse, etc.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright client shoe-coupling operations received compound speed increases, showing that the company ' s share of these customers continues to increase.
The company, working with newballance, on, on, and asics, is well advanced, and is expected to contribute to the new growth point as the company moves beyond the capacity bottlenecks. The company has been awarded a number of awards by its clients.
dekers rands - Special Performance Award
Columbia Best Performance Award Gold Boots Award for Operational Performance
The Award for Excellence in Partner Operations, the Sustainable Development Award, vf. deecker replaces the rate of growth in his shoe camp with an overall rate of increase.
Corporate analysis: Brand-side inventory is gradually being devalued, and performance will be expected to improve, 23 years after downstream inventory is deflated. Downstream brand inventory will be deconstructed, 23 years of performance guidance will be more robust.
\triangleright The major clients are in the inventory degeneration phase and some of them have recently improved their performance guidance for 23 years against the backdrop of improved inventory rings, and corporate performance will improve as brand stocks gradually arrive.
Corporate profile: fast-growing performance and high prices of sneakers Industry: high-scene track, high barriers to industry Corporate analysis: high-quality customer binding with excellent supply capacity
Assumption 1: in 2023, the company expects 3-4 plants to be gradually operational, with capacity upgrading periods of about 3 years, while the company will continue to do so in the future through the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.