On December 14, the company issued an announcement that the subsidiary New Special Energy had entered into a purchase agreement with seven of Lungi's companies.
Lungi’s company purchased raw multi-crystal silicon from 2021 to 2025. Lungi’s purchase is made on a monthly basis and the purchase price of the order is determined by monthly consultations.
The two downstream taps have basically booked most of the company ' s multi-crystal silicon capacity, which will be fully productive in the future, with an annual capacity of about 80,000 tons. The company announced in September that it had signed a strategic agreement with the Jingdu Solar Full Capital Corporation to purchase more than 97,200 tons of silicon per year from October 2020 to December 2025.
The company signed an agreement with Lungi to purchase 270,000 tons between 2021 and 2025, an average of 54,000 tons per year. Lungi and Jingao alone will purchase more than 7.25 million tons of polysilicon per year from the company, meaning that most of the company’s capacity has been largely booked and is expected to be fully productive in the future.
Downstream lock-out capacity is evidence of tight supply of silicon material, and higher prices for multi-crystal silicon are expected to lead to greater performance elasticity. \triangleright photovoltaic demand continues to grow, and we expect global photovolts to reach 170gw in 2021.
With a nominal capacity of only 680,000 tons at the end of the year, an increase of only 14% over the previous year, and next year’s new capacity release concentrated in q4, given that there was little new supply of crystalline silicon in 2021, which could increase further. With the exception of agreements to lock supply, downstream silicon plants are now starting to increase their stocks to deal with future possibilities.
Over 10,000 yuan per ton, multi-crystal silicon with a tax price increase of 10,000 yuan per ton, expected to increase the company ' s net return rate in 2021.
The company’s traditional transmission operations include transformers, cable cables, and transmission and distribution packages. The company is a global transformer leading the way, maintaining the top three in the national network and the South Net collection. The Māori ratio remained almost constant until 2018, with only 15.6% Māori until 2018, with companies strengthening cost controls and opening new markets, such as offshore wind power, 2020h1 transformers.
The business Māori rate has recovered to 19.4 per cent, and the company ' s ISP contract is about $6 billion, with sufficient hand orders to contribute to higher income growth in the future as the overseas epidemic improves.The multi-crystal silicon operation is expected to contribute to greater performance elasticity, tttm 51 times the value of the reference cs solar plate, covering the first time.
The growth in photovoltaics was lower than expected, and downstream expansion was lower than expected. Corporate financial statement data forecast aggregates vouchers, Dong Wu securities, and Chinese securities, which were added to civil securities in August 2020.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.