New Olympic shares (600803) Material material santtos refusing to make offers in the harbour, reflecting good quality of assets and interest of shareholders
Incident: On the evening of 23 May, the company issued a notice that the board of directors of santos considered that the Bay Energy Proposal was not in the best interests of the shareholders of santos, who eventually refused to make a final offer for the Gulf Energy and terminated the negotiations.
1. Santos refused to make an offer in the harbour, reflecting the good quality of its assets and the development of confidence in the context of the offer: the offer and terms announced on 3 April by the Gulf Energy, and the Final offer issued on 21 May, which would raise the purchase price from $4.98/equity from the Intent offer
The santos reject the main reason: (1) the santos board believes that a refusal can achieve superior value for shareholders. Based on the current oil prices, santos is expected to complete net debt reduction by 2019.
The target of $2 billion is more than a year ahead of schedule. The business performance of the past two years has been marked by tax-free dividends. (2) offer prices are too low and control premiums are insufficient. (3) Private fund-raising transactions are complex, risky, uncertain and unequally treated to shareholders.
The performance of santos continued to improve: there was sufficient cash flow, which was $246 million in the first quarter of 2018; net debt fell to $2.5 billion, an 8 per cent decrease from the beginning of the year, 36 dollars per barrel. The company expected santos to contribute 59 million yuan in investment returns in the first quarter of 2018.
In April 2018, both the PNG Liquefied Natural Gas project and the Pnglng project resumed production ahead of schedule. As international oil and gas prices rebounded, the return on investment contributed by santos is expected to rise significantly.
According to statistics, in the first quarter of 2018, the country's gas consumption was 69 billion United States dollars, or +17.4 per cent;
Policy support, with high growth in natural gas demand and resource constraints, ng has grown from about 20% to more than 4,200 yuan/tonne since the beginning of May. The company owns 100,000 tonnes of Xinyo and about 80,000 tonnes of capacity in the New Orient Sea (45%). At the same time, 200,000 tonnes/year of stable light hydrocarbons.
3. Coal methanol elasticity santos refuses to offer the Bay, reflecting the good quality of the assets and the interests of shareholders.
The company owns 6.8 million tons of coal, 800,000 tons of methanol equity, a high level of coal Maori, a low full cost of methanol, and an increase in the cost of benefiting energy. For every $100 increase in coal and methanol, don't increase the company's pers 0.36 and 0.04 dollars.
The company owns five large plates of oil, gas, coal, methanol, engineering services, animal medicine, belongs to the New Olympics group, has a strong group, has a clear platform advantage, and has a “buy-in” rating. Profit forecasting and financial indicators:
Santos refused to make an offer to the Bay, reflecting the good quality of the assets and the interests of the shareholders.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.