Company review report  Computer industry April 9, 2022. Performance meets expectations. Downstream demand boosts.
Wu Xinxing lost a net profit of $1.797 billion to the mother, an increase of 27.56 per cent over the same period.
The company issued its annual report for 2021, reporting 27.56 per cent of Lee Weiss’ performance as expected. During the reporting period, the company’s costs were well regulated and sales costs were properly managed.
On the upstream side, the monthly harvest increased by 61.46%, heralding a new winding cycle in the server industry.
In addition, in 2021, there was a marked increase in the stock turnover of the world’s leading company, Foundary/idm. On the downstream side, the domestic and foreign Internet giant capex remained high at 14.2%, while Ali and 100% increased capital spending by 90.94% and 100% in 2021 respectively.
94.54%. Adding the arithmetic acceleration in the downstream digital economy, the layout of the economy, and the growth of the industry’s growth in demand for the server sector is expected. The company’s overall position is Wei, and income growth is guaranteed.
According to the idc data, companies ranked second in the global server industry throughout the year 2021: domestic server industry, the company's well-deserved leader, with 35.6% in 2020, higher than the ranking.
In the first half of 2021, the public-service-ai server ranked first in the world at 20% of the city. The firm’s industry was competitive, committed to becoming a global server leader during the 1455s, and is still expected to have several times more space.
By way of advantage, downstream industry demand will remain high, demand will continue to be released, and the company will not grow and “recommended” ratings will be maintained. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The director of research in the research section of the United States Human Rights Watch/Creative Board has a second-tier market experience and has a long-term focus on research by technology companies.
M.A., University of Sydney, joined the Galactic Securities of China in 2019, mainly in computer/studies investment studies.