Wave Information (000977), downstream demand recovery, high performance growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: Companies publish annual reports for 2021 and first quarter reports for 2022. Business income in 2021 q1 achieved business income of $17.28 billion a year, an increase of 48.1 per cent a year, and net profit in return for maternity of $330 million, an increase of 38.3 per cent a year, with a marked acceleration in corporate income and profits associated with the warmer demand in the server market.
• Cost controls have been effective and profitability has increased steadily. Cost improvements under the impact of optimized product structure plus scale, with net interest rates reaching 3.03% in 2021, an increase of 0.64 pp from the same year to four consecutive years of growth.
The main reason for this is the rising share of revenue generated by the rapid release of high-morigin products, such as i-servers and peripheral servers. The leader remains strong, with al-edge adding power. According to the latest data from idc, the company ' s GSM is at the second highest level in the world and continues to lead the Chinese market with a 30%-plus city.
At the same time, as the alot application enters a high-speed development period, the integration of the edges with al will be the central driving force for future server market growth; firm corporate focus on the “smart computing strategy”, which continues to reinforce the pre-eminence in the area of artificial intelligence and margin computing. As of 2021h1, the company'sai server is in a position of more than 20% of the city.
The server industry, after a year-long depredation, has gradually recovered downstream demand since August 2021, if it is in the form of a letter technology.
We believe that, in the context of global supply-chain tensions, companies maintain high stock levels that can effectively secure delivery, further entrenching their server leadership position.
In the context of the digital economy strategy, the demand for arithmetic continues to rise, adding down-wind cloud computing firm capex to the warmth, with attention paid to rising profitability indicators (2021-08-26).
Viño will not receive, either directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.