In 2021, the company achieved a business start-up, focused on server ownership, and kept the old and new product markets ahead of schedule. During the reporting period, the company’s server products were maintained.
Continue to run the domestic market, and according to idc's latest data, wave information server products were ranked second in the world in 2021, continuing to run the Chinese market with a 30% + city share; corporate q4 year in the first half of 2021, wave information servers were in the global publicly owned cloud infrastructure computing market for 11 months in a row
Cost is well regulated and costs are tilted toward R&D. In 2021, the company continued to implement a full-scale reduction in efficiency, efficiency in production, and lower expenditure on management, sales, etc. In the overall 2021 financial statements, net profits were raised by 0.6 pct, and management and sales cost rates were reduced by 0.78/0.22 pc, respectively.
Full support for liquid cooling, with Asia’s largest liquid cold production base cassiterite in operation. The company now has a large deployment of all types of products, such as liquid cooling, hot tubular cooling, immersed liquid cooling, that can effectively reduce the level of pue and meet the country’s need for a green transition to a data centre.
Wave Information - 3-quarter Financial Reporting Review, 000977-21: The speed of recovery is on the move, with thousands of units achieving the first-ever mass delivery of a cooler liquid cooler cabinet, helping to reduce user data centres to below 1.1, with an overall delivery cycle of 5-7 days, which will help speed up the liquid cooling industry
Wave Information-00977-Quarterly Performance Pre-evaluating: Rapid Growth of Profit over Year, Development and Masses of Liquid Cold Technologies. Wave Information-000977 - Critical Events Rapid: The Recovery of Cloud-based Industries, Companies
Wave Information - Tri-quarterly Review: Accelerating Income, Strengthening Servers Investment Recommendations: Keeping Good New and Old Business Growth and Keeping “buy-in” Ratings. Wave Information - Mid-Year Review: Strong Income Growth, Rapid Robbings
Given that chip supply constraints have not been completely reduced, and that firms have increased their R & D-side inputs, we have a small margin of high value for money, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. In 2021, a steady increase in revenue was achieved, with profits increasing by more than 30%.
In 2021, q4, the company achieved business income of $20.8 billion (year + 19 per cent, ring + 18 per cent) and net return to the mother of $652 million (year + 22 per cent, ring + 19 per cent). Four quarters of the main battalion business was well advanced, yielding a steady growth at the end of the harvest, and profit ends recovered by the cost of the associated impairment of the asset in 2020, resulting in a higher base.
In the reporting period, the company’s server products continued to dominate the domestic market, and, according to the latest data on idc, the wave information server products became the world’s leading global product in 2021, leading the Chinese market with a 30% + market; and the company’s ai server in the first half of 2021.
Over 20%, the world's number one; according to the latest gartner data, wave storage was the top five in 2021 and the second highest in the world's second storage market; based on synergy's 2021 q4 data, wave information servers were ranked first in the global publicly owned cloud infrastructure for 11 consecutive quarters.
In 2021, the company sold 1.81 million products (+44% of the same year) and produced 1.83 million products (+39% of the same year). Cost controls were good, and expenditure was tilted towards R&D. In 2021, the company continued to implement a full-scale reduction in efficiency, improving production efficiency and reducing expenditure on management, sales, etc., with a net gain based on the overall 2021 financial statements.
Increase by 0.6 pct, decrease by 0.78/0.22 pct in management and sales rates, and increase by 0.18 pct in research and development. Figure 8: Wave information Māori rate, changes in net interest rates, Figure 9: Three Wave information cost rates change
Investment proposal: Considering that chip supply constraints have not been completely eased and that firms have increased their research and development-end investments, our small division has the potential for growth in both old and new business in the context of digital economic development, and the current valuation has a high value for money, maintaining that “buying authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels”; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author