Wave information (000977.sz)
It is expected that the server market as a whole will have an optimal competitive structure, with an increase in the share of business-level customers and a higher level of profitability in the public sector. The demand for Internet customers will warm in the first quarter of the 20204 season, and the company is expected to achieve an improved performance in 2022, driven by cloud computing customers.
In the evening of April 11th, the wave released a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2022, with a projected return of $314-362 million net profit, a 30-50 per cent increase over the previous year, compared to $241 million during the same period. The company has maintained a high rate of growth, a season, against the background of the epidemic shock and the strain on the supply of raw materials.
The firm’s performance for the next two years is projected to remain “buy-in” advice. The firm’s net interest rate is stable throughout the year, depending mainly on the increase in the Māori rate and the reasonableness of the cost rate.
The share of products such as i-server and high-end storage equipment has increased. The ratio of corporate-level clients reached nearly 40% throughout the year 2021 in the Department of Public Administration, with financial and communications categories.
Quality clients accounted for close to 20 per cent, effectively raising corporate profit levels. 22 years, first quarter, high expectations and higher revenue levels: 2022q1 forecast: 1) reporting period, benefiting from downstream market demand and projected operating income in the first quarter of 2022
The efficiency of institutional investors as a share of liquidity is increasing, with companies expected to pay off the net profits of shareholders of listed companies in the first quarter of 2022 at a 30-50 per cent increase over the same period of the previous year. Companies operate beyond expectations in the first quarter of the year and are expected to move fast in 22 years.
Wave server output is second in the world: according to idc, the server industry grew steadily during the reporting period, with sales in China growing by 12.7 per cent to 163.2 billion yuan per year, and sales by 8.4 per cent to 3.91 million units per year. Of this, wave information server products continue to account for 30 per cent plus the market.
Leaded the Chinese market, which in 2021 was the second highest in the world; the wave of information in the first half of 2021 was the world's first market for the i server products, with more than 20 per cent of the city; and, according to synergy's 2021 q4 data, the wave information server was fully occupied for 11 consecutive quarters.
The server industry has a long-term positive outlook: according to idc, China’s overall server market is expected to grow by 12.7% compound over the next five years, and the size of China’s overall server market is projected for 2025.
It will reach $42.47 billion, of which x86 server markets will reach a 13% compound growth rate over the next five years, and X86 server markets are expected to reach $41.42 billion in 2025. We believe that with the rapid diffusion of emerging technologies such as domestic artificial intelligence, big data, unmanned, vr/ar, we are now looking for a solution to this problem.
The demand for data-processing capacity is increasing, and the server industry has a long-term favourable climate. Companies will benefit from a long-term high-profile industry, with downstream cloud computing, ai, etc. not growing as much as expected.
I don't know.
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificate (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The company may use or make any action based on information or research prior to receiving the report. A group voucher (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any loss or loss resulting from the use of the report. Data and opinions on the report may change without prior notice.
This report was not used to sell or induce customers to trade the certificates mentioned in the report. _Capitalgare#2 22 Taipei Hong Kong Shanghai 26 April 2022