Performance met expectations, q4 picked up significantly, and good growth was achieved on a high base, with q4 quarterly revenues exceeding $20 billion. \triangleright in the first half of 2020
Against the background of the high performance base of the “online economy”, the tide remained positive in 2021, with operating revenues of $67,048 million, or 6.36 per cent, achieved throughout the year. Of this, 21q4 quarter revenue surged to $20.8 billion, an increase of 18.62 per cent compared with the latest data on idc.
In 2021, the information server product was the second highest in the world and continued to run the Chinese market with a 30% + city share; in the first half of 2021, the market for the tidal wave of the i server product was the highest in the world, with more than 20% of the city. Continued construction of the digital infrastructure and the steady downfall of the i server applications were the growth of the wave.
As the size of the company ' s income and the volume of its output continue to grow, the cost of the scale effect decreases faster at the profit end than at the income end. In 2021, the company was strained in the supply of chips and components, and the company increased the availability of raw materials to ensure the supply of the product, 2021.
1. Wave Information (000977.sz) 2020: High growth in core business and continuous improvement in the quality of business, 173 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year. Large purchases of raw materials also led to the outflow of 21 years of net operating cash flows from companies.
The year-round net cash flow is -8.29 billion yuan. But looking ahead, in 2022, with the introduction of the “digital economy” and the “East and West” project, a server-based infrastructure for the IT infrastructure is expected to usher in a new construction cycle, with companies growing up to be expected.
It is expected to benefit fully from the dividends of rising global Internet capital spending and the construction of the domestic “digital economy”, and the “recommended” rating is maintained if the medium computer equipment industry is selected as a comparison, with the computer equipment plate corresponding to 32 times the 2022 pe that was expected to be consistent with Wind, and companies still undervalued as industry leaders.
\triangleright The process of improving the supply pattern is less than expected The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.