Upstream supply chain capacity is a central factor in overperformance.
Downstream demand rebounded, with 22q1 revenues increasing by more than 45 per cent on a year-to-year basis. Since the second half of 2021, the service provider market has experienced a significant upward trend following high base pressure. According to data released by idc, user investment in data centre infrastructure continued to rise in 2021, and the global server market was exported and sold.
The volume of sales was 13,539,000 and $9,922 million, respectively, an increase of 6.9 per cent and 6.4 per cent, respectively, and China's market table warmed downstream demand, with a marked quarterly upturn in wave income, with 21q3, the second largest server in China, with the share of domestic municipalities remaining at 31 per cent.
Looking ahead, active stocking should respond to the supply of raw materials. The \triangleright \triangleright, represented by chips, has been a major contradiction between the demand for digital transformation and supply stress throughout 2021.
By looking ahead to the industry, raw materials were better prepared, with a very clear 173% length in 2021 and a net operating cash flow of $8.29 billion. Proactive and proactive company stock and strong supply chain management ensured wave capacity to deliver, enabling companies to capture the dividends of the accelerated construction of the digital economy and achieve it.
Income and profits continue to grow. In the first quarter of 2022, high growth was sufficient to highlight the vanguard position of the company’s servers and its ability to control the industry’s chain of excellence.
It is expected to benefit fully from the increase in global Internet capital spending and the dividends of domestic “digital economy” construction, if 2. Wave Information (00097.sz) 2020 Report: High growth in core business and sustained improvement in business quality
The selection of the credit computer equipment industry as a comparison is 32 times as high as the 2022 pe of the computer equipment plate as agreed by Wind, and companies are still undervalued as industry leaders. Therefore, the “recommended” rating is maintained.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.