Kyodonga (000725.sz) Electronic panelii follow-up on future demand in the market of oled, high-end mobile phone-driven oled surface
On November 28, 2023, Kyoto East issued an announcement on the investment in the construction of the 8.6-generation mooled production line project in Kyoto East 144,198.85.
The Foundation Ltd. and Chengdu Highland Electronic Information Industry Development Co. Ltd. have invested in the construction of the 8.6 Generations of aoled production line in Sichuan Province in the city of Sichuan in the high west. g8.6 can effectively enhance the efficiency of medium-sized product slices, with production guaranteed by the technology of the Totog6 production line maturity process.
A g8.6 (glass base plate size 2,290 mm*2,620 mm) production line in Kyoto, building on existing g6 (glass base plate size 1,500mm*1,850 mm) luminous backboard and oled production process technology
Device preparation process, the product using the technology has a lower capacity and longer lifetime than the previous generation of products. Due to the more mature backboarding and luminator preparation techniques, the technology has stabilized the production of mobile phone products. Corresponding medium-sized product development, using the g4.5 test line and the g6 output line in the previous period, is g8.6.
The development of the technology has been phased in to minimize the technological risks associated with the future development and production of the g8.6 project, and the review and testing of the key equipment. The g8.6 project, as a new semiconductor, is an incentive industry.
Using new display techniques, such as the oled luminator preparation process, the early deployment of the high-generation oled production line in Kyoto East, the capture of strategic and technological heights, the improvement of the production line structure, and the further upgrading of the semiconductor in Kyoto East Sun Peak
The market's size continues to rise as the Wang Haivey displays a renewed panel. According to the Omdia data, the market's 2022 notes.
This computer panel is about 6 million pieces, a 19% increase over the same year. According to dscc, by 2026, the market at the high end of the market will grow by 51% to 44 million pieces annually, and the board will account for 75% of the market at the high end of the market.
Dollars; during this period, it is expected to grow at an average annual rate of about 49% and 46% in the output and compound collection of the uned tablet screens. In the future, as consumers demand lighter and more portable laptops and panels, its products will gradually move towards hybrid, flexible flats, and eventually to flexible folds, cursing, and big curvatures.
As a result, the market for medium-sized-it-type products corresponding to the g8.6 project is expected to be large in the future. Because of high demand, there are structural constraints on panel capacity, with a clear trend towards a return to the price of some of the products in the fourth quarter. Cinnorearch predicts that the overall price of the ltps/soft amoled will be in November and December.
The deployment of new technology in many new applications, such as vehicle, mr, commercial displays, gradually moving from “single device value creation” to “single device whole-chain value creation”, for the first time overlayed, with the addition-a (1) display operations: the company designs manufacturing models for the integration of devices and works to provide applications tft-lcd, amoled,
Portable devices such as microdisplay, which focus on high-quality mobile phones, tablets, laptops, displays, televisions, vehicles, vr/ar, etc. display products for clients. According to Canalys, smartphones will reach a combined growth rate of 2.6% in 2023. According to Trendforce, global electricity will reach 167 million in 2023.
Reduced 10.2 per cent as stock pressure subsides, the global Pen electricity market is expected to return to a healthy supply and demand cycle in 2024, with a projected total of (2) inter-material networking innovation business: companies design integrated manufacturing models for system solutions, provide customers with competitive television, monitors, laptops, tablets, low-power, iot, 3d displays, and use intelligent end-products in areas such as television, monitors, laptops, tablets, etc.
Artificial intelligence, big data, supported by technology, focuses on the products and services of soft and hard integration, and provides a comprehensive solution in the area of networking, such as smart parks, smart finance, etc. According to the China Industrial Information Network (CIIN), in 2019 there were 10.7 billion devices worldwide, and annual revenues from corporate networking innovation amounted to 310.77/363.48/43.972 billion yuan.
(3) Sensors and solutions: Corporations design integrated manufacturing models for system solutions, covering glass and silicon-based areas, with operations focused on medical images, smart windows, innovative glass-based sensors, industrial applications, consumer electrons and car electrons, providing customers with solutions that include x-ray tablet backboards, smart light mode windows and light moders, industry, etc.
The annual global sensor market will reach US$ 128.560 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of 8.86 per cent in 2020-2025. (4) mled: the company will design integrated manufacturing models for devices that will provide a small range of light products with high reliability and finely finely finely finely tuned products for television, monitors, laptops, vehicles, vr/ar, etc., as well as outdoor displays, commercials, etc.
By display, transparency, special displays, etc., sub-applications provide high bright, high reliability, high contrast mini/microled displays of products. According to ggii data, the global market for microled will be $3.5 billion in 2025 and the miniled market will be $5.3 billion in 2025. We expect companies to be mled in 2023-2025.
(5) Wise medical workers: the company serves as a professional model, is committed to a people-centred approach through technological and medical integration and innovation, focuses on health service scenes such as courthouses, communities, hospitals, building full-cycle health service loops supported by health management, medical terminals, digital hospitals and rest and care districts, building intelligent health management ecosystems, linking detection equipment, medical personnel and clients
The business will continue to grow steadily, and we anticipate that we will select the country's listed panel producers as comparable companies, where tcl technology is now 55 inches of electricity, the world is ranked first, the market for ltps' mobile panels is rising to second in the world, and amoled is about to produce.
Visino has been focusing on the olid for over 20 years, and has grown into a global leader in the industry of RD, production, and marketing as one. Deep heaven’s focus on mobile terminal consumption shows markets and specialized categories such as vehicle, medical, and industrial controls.
Gradual shift from “single device value creation” to “single device value creation” for the first time overlayed and increased -a