China Connect (600050.sh)
In the first quarter of 2021, companies achieved $82,272 million in operating income, representing an increase of 11.44 per cent. Of that amount, the income from mobile main business was RMB 41,071 million.
Thank you very much: Song Bing-hwan, which is 8.1 per cent more than in the same period last year; fixed Internet broadband access income of 23,587 million yuan, which remains largely stable, with ebitda accounting for the main business income ratio
The cost rate fell slightly during the period. In the first quarter of 2021, the company ' s Māori rate was 9.22 per cent, an increase of 0.54 pct over the same year, mainly due to the increased cost of related services due to the rapid growth of the ict industry, and increased access to innovative business techniques.
The financial cost is -0.11%, lower than in the same year, the company has a 5g high-quality track, and the mobile and solid network broadband business continues to grow. In meta. In fixed broadband, the company focuses on the household market, through wise people.
A combination of courthouses, videos, rights, etc. strengthens the value of household users, with a net increase of 2.03 million broadband users in the first quarter of 2021, reaching 8.81 million households. Meanwhile, the company has been able to boost the "Cloud+Intelligent Network+Wide" by benefiting from the rapid growth of innovative business.
Integrating marketing models, digitalization of enabling government clients, industrial interconnectivity income of $14,408 million, an increase of 25.9 per cent over the previous year's growth in corporate networking costs of $249 million over the same period last year, and internet settlement income of $249 million over the same period.
In the future, companies will continue to seize the critical moment for 5g scale development, focusing on such priority areas as industrial Internet, smart cities, health care, and building 5g+ vertical application differences.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.