1st Quarter 2021: Sustained good performance, industry interconnectivity, fast growth of networking operations, research assistant Yao Kuo-hwa
▪ Events: On 21 April, China Connect released key O1 operational data, generating 82.3 billion yuan, or more than 21.2 per cent of the year; business performance continued to improve and arpu recovered: in the first quarter of 2021, China Connect moved out.
The number of account users reached 309 million, of which the number of users of the 5g package reached 91.85 million, the penetration rate of the 5g package reached 29.7 per cent, the continued penetration of the beneficiary 5g users and the focus of high-end users, and the company moved arpu to $44.6, an increase of 11.5 per cent.
Business income reached $41.1 billion, an 8.8 per cent increase in the same year; netting income reached $32.3 billion, and companies continued to increase their talent incentives, with labour costs rising by 14.4 per cent in a quarter, with the continued advancement of 5g and the growing talent of companies, we believe that corporate performance will continue to increase steadily.
• Focus on setting up the industry’s Internet, actively promoting business transformation: China’s connection to the digitalization of the industry opens up opportunities, continuously integrates cloud, big, object, intelligence, An and chain capabilities, and improves the volume and quality of the industry’s Internet revenues.
Capital spending will reach $22 billion, a 67% increase over the same period. Beneficiary companies are pushing ahead with their industrial network operations, improving their corporate income structure further during the quarter, the industry’s share of Internet revenue is still low, and industry and financial marginal improvements are driving the operator’s valuation.
At the industrial level, first, with the acceleration of 5g, the policy dividend and the gradual return to orderly competition, the pressure from the industry was released; second, from the operator's point of view, the most intuitive changes in the value of the armo, driven by the industry, are currently among the three operators.
Annual Report Review: Optimized investment structure, stabilized or up, and we believe that improvements in arpu will drive the traditional toc core business to steady progress 2021-03-12.
Business has steadily improved; at the same time, operators have further increased their innovative business development and investment, 2 and China Connect (600050): mobile, strengthening core technologies and capabilities such as cloud computing, idc, deepening the integration of 5g into the vertical sector, and promoting the integration of 5g into the vertical sector.
Business arpu recovery, innovation, strong momentum, accelerated achievement of high-quality industries, still low relative to historical valuations, and we believe that the current industry ends and the operator itself.
Marginal changes are gradually emerging, and operators such as connectivity are expected to improve their valuations.  Profit forecast and investment rating: we maintain the 2021-2023 net profit forecast.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board