The rate of growth in the performance of the sung-woo shares has slowed, and the growth of the red lights has continued.
The company’s clients are high-quality, expanding new projects, leading to the release of the light, and the prospect of a two-fold increase in the city’s share and value, leading to a sustained high performance. The company is expected to perform significantly better than the industry in 2019-2021, and the Māori rate continues to rise.
Volkswagen t-roc, New Treasure, Maiten, etc., has seen a rapid increase in revenue from 2019h1 companies. With a 17.2% decline in vehicle production in the country compared to the previous year, companies have performed far better than industry.
Compared to +1.9 pct. Sales costs increased by the same year - 5.6 per cent, mainly due to lower freight and after-sale service costs; management fees. Net corporate profits increased faster. 2019q2 vehicle output fell by 19.3 per cent compared to the previous year, and the market slid faster, with company revenue rising by 0.6 per cent, but performance remained significantly better than industry, with a Māori rate of 23.6 per cent.
With high-quality clients tied up for new projects, performance is expected to grow faster. One pop-up, day-to-day intensive, with the exception of the t-roc, the new Treasure Led light, 2019, and the new generation.
Tung will also switch the Led light and is expected to expand the new model; Japanese car sales have increased strongly, with 22.7 per cent in the first half of the year, compared with 22.7 per cent in the first half of the year, the same year with 2.8 per cent in the first half, the same year with the same ratio, the same ratio with regard to Japanese production in the east, the same amount of gas in the east, the same amount in the east with Honda, the same amount in the east with Honda, the same amount in the same amount as Honda and the same amount in the case of the five Toyota manufacturers in the other parts of the world.
A variety of products, such as taillights, are expected to benefit significantly from the addition of a big, fancy Led lamp and a Japanese flashlight in the second half of the year. The 19h1 company also has a big lamp and taillight of the Hanlanda sister car, a big taillight of the Hanlanda, a Beijing Mercedes glc taillight, and so on, with the second half of the year, it's going to be here.
Product upgrades + autonomous substitution + overseas expansion, with vast future space. The company's led lights are in the process of being released for 800-1,200 yuan per lamp, and the company's taillights are about 1,200 yuan/sets (4), halogen and halogen.
Two to four times the price of the thorium gas lamps, with a marked increase in their value, and a steady investment in the development of the layout of smart cars, with a clear growth path. The downside of the city and the pressure on the downfall of the plant will increase the number of cars in the future.
Companies are expected to expand their customers as opposed to foreign firms at lower cost and faster response rates, and there is still much room for improvement. The company announces that 60 million new workshops will be built in Serbia (Eastern Europe) in 2020-2023, with 5.7 million annual capacity planned for car lights, and the company will open up overseas expansion.
Starwood shares - fast and negative growth in performance, light-light process, and space for future development. Sino-Sino-Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
1) Auxiliary vehicle sales are below expectations. 2) New projects are progressing below expectations and Māori rates are below expectations.