The company published its semi-annual report in 2019, which achieved operating income of 27.07 billion yuan, an increase of 10.48 per cent over the previous six months; and its operating profits of 395 million yuan, the same amount.
The Q2 battalion and profit growth slowed significantly, still far beyond the industry. Second, the same rate slowed down to 0.6%, and the corporate revenue slowdown was mainly related to the continuing decline in domestic automobile sales in the second quarter.
Corporate fundamentals (update) We believe that, in the context of the weakness of the industry as a whole, the company still has a double-digit growth, mainly as a result of high-quality customer structure and product value.
The cost of running a business in a weak city is higher. The cost of running a business is 2.7%, an increase of 0.4 percentage points in the same year, but the cost of running a business in the second quarter is 0.2 percentage points lower than in the first quarter.
In a stressful context, where corporate costs are well regulated, business quality is raised by percentage points, ring q1 increases by 0.3 percentage points, and the increase in the Māori rate is mainly due to the continued upswing in the company's high-māori product mix, while the original product is the same.
The decline in material costs has also contributed to further improvements in the company ' s Māori ratio. • The stock of new projects and technologies is abundant, and the production of new energy is steadily moving forward. During the first half of the year, the company took over 34 new projects, with bulk production of new vehicles.
At the same time, Phase II of the company's factory in Foshan has been completed, and Phase I of the smart manufacturing industry will be completed in the third quarter of 2019. New projects, new products, and new capabilities are steadily advancing into the company's future business.
• Companies will benefit in the long term from high-quality customer structures and the upward trend of lights. Corporate clients cover major domestic and international car-to-car manufacturing firms, including one
Volkswagen, Volkswagen, Toyota, Chiri, Car, Car, Volkswagen, Toyota, Volkswagen, Volkswagen, Bosca, Germany, among others, one Volkswagen and one Toyota were the top two clients of the company.
The annual share of business is about 40% and 15%, respectively, benefiting from the impact of two new clients’ intensive roll-out of the new model and the roll-out of the light into the roll-out period, the performance of the Division has continued to grow at a high rate. We believe that the global volume of automobile sales has increased at a faster rate.
Against the backdrop of a slowdown, increased pressure on vehicle costs and an accelerated trend towards upgrading the lights, companies are expected to further expand their new customers with a high-quality customer structure and a rapid service response, and the logic of future growth remains unchanged.
• Profit forecasting: In view of the 19 years of overall weakness in the automobile industry and the quality of the company’s customer structure, the lighting industry has entered the led and intelligent accelerated application phase. Meanwhile, the company’s downstream customers are entering a full new product cycle.
We maintain a firm’s “carefully recommended” investment rating. We are weak, and we have a significant drop in automobile sales; (2) Central American trade frictions continue unabated and the renminbi’s exchange rate fluctuates significantly; and (3) the company’s new customers expand.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.