The reason for the report is: semi-annual reviews, high-quality clients add up their technical strengths, and the competitive advantage of enabling companies expands.
28 August 2019 The Company published its semi-annual report for 2019, and in the first half of 2019 it realized operating income of 2,707 million yuan, or +10.48 per cent, and net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $339 million, or +13.10 per cent.
Performance has continued to increase, with the Māori rate rising. In the first half of 2019, the auto industry as a whole was burdened with a 13.7 per cent and 12.4 per cent drop in \triangleright production and sales, respectively, in which case the company acted as an upstream zero.
The performance of suppliers is maintained at a relatively high rate of growth, driven by such factors as the expansion of their productive capacity and the growth in the number of orders. In the first half of 2019, corporate revenue grew by 10.48 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and net return on a year-on-year basis increased by 1.24 and 0.35 per cent on a year-on-year basis, respectively, compared to 2019q1.
Clients are well structured, raising the company’s performance security margins. The company, as a car light, is the highest/minimum in the year of manufacture: the vendor and the design provider, and the sales of the supporting model have a greater impact on the company than on the company’s customers.
Circulationa shares/total equity (billions): Not only German BMWs, global car brands such as General Motors, but also upper gas publics, upper circulationa share market value (billions):
In general, companies have a large number of high-quality customers and performance stability; on the other hand, they have a well-structured customer structure.
Basic data: 30 June 2019 The overall environment of the automobile market provides a higher security margin for the company ' s performance.
In addition, the Fushan II project has now been completed, and the Smart Manufacturing Industries Park project is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2019, providing guarantees for companies to upgrade their high-quality production capacity, which is expected to contribute to further growth in the performance of companies on the basis of a sustained increase in the number of corporate orders.
As the domestic automobile market moves from incremental to stock markets, technology in the automobile industry upgrades and demand for parts and components rises. Companies themselves have developed a complete autonomous R & D system with a high level of competitiveness.
At the same time, the company ' s R & D results have been continuously transformed, with high-precision-size control of company taillights in the first half of 2019, technology, and welding and size-control techniques of cross-cutting taillights successfully developed. In this context, the company, Taiwon City City Street, 69th floor of ITC a.
The technological strength and core competitiveness are expected to increase further, leading companies to optimize product structures, expand high-quality customers and capture market shares in the face of increasing competition in the industry and the rise of the Middle Sea State on 28 Peace Rixie Street in Beijing.
7th floor, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. The industry as a whole is under pressure and the company's performance as a supplier of spare parts is undercut.
However, the company, as a leader in the lighting industry, has a well-developed product system, a high-quality customer, a skilled escort, and a more stable performance. It is expected that the company will continue to drop out of vehicle sales in 2019 and 2020 > eps > ; that the company projects will not advance as expected; and that the sales of the supporting models will not be as high as expected.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.