The cost of R & D has increased significantly, looking for corrosion equipment, of which q2 has achieved revenues of $1,843 million, an increase of 41.37 per cent over the same period; and a net return on maternity.
1. Sino-micro Company Review: The corrosion of equipment continues to break down and penetration continues at $268 million, a decrease of 63.23 per cent in the same year. The main reason for the decline in net profit returns is that the company sold part of the high technology stock for 23 years, and the company did not have it for 24 years.
In addition, the company has significantly stepped up its research and development efforts, and its contract liabilities have increased rapidly in the first half of 24 months to provide a driving force for the growth of the company.
The 833 cavity of specialized equipment, a 420% increase in the same year, created a better base for the year’s delivery. The balance of commodities released at the end of the period was approximately 2,766 million, an increase of 868 million over the opening balance.
The most critical corrosion process in the process is now in the stage of volume certification, and the high power of pprimoud-rie, which is a hyperbolic 400khz blizzard frequency, has been proven in the production line to have a capacity of output with an etching 60:1 deep wide ratio structure, while the company reserves
In addition, the company's crystal edge bevel etching equipment is being developed and will soon be validated by the client. The coverage of the membrane sediment equipment continues to increase. The company's tungsten series of membrane sediment products can be covered.
In addition, the company has recently planned to increase the coverage of film equipment by making more money available for cvd/har/aldw tungsten equipment.
The epi equipment development team has developed an autonomous intellectual property rights and innovative pre-processing and expansive design for the reaction cavity, and the company ' s epi equipment is now successfully entering the client validation phase to meet the electrical and reliability needs of the silicon growth process in the client ' s advanced process.
Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings Semiconductor cycle fluctuations, downstream crystal mill expansion, new products are not moving fast enough to get more services.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market