A significant amount of corrosion equipment, short-term pressure on profitability — Sino-micro incident assessment report, $3.448 billion, an increase of 36.46 per cent over the same period; realization of public ownership
The net profit of shareholders of listed companies off non-recurring gains and losses of $483 million, compared to the same year, has steadily increased operating income, short-term profitability pressure, first half of 2024, with the upgrading of storage devices and advanced logical processes.
In terms of profitability, the new firm’s accounting standards provide for guaranteed premium charges to be charged to operating costs, and the company’s Māori ratio has declined; in addition, there are costs during the period.
This growth, with a significant increase in R & D costs of 94.58 per cent over the same period, profitability, advanced logic and storage drivers of corrosion and sedimentation, increased significantly in the first half of 2024, with an increase of 2,698 million yuan in corrosion equipment, corresponding to an increase in the same year.
In the first half of 2024, the ccp corrosion device exceeded its annual delivery of 2023. In the icp device, the product of the Primonanova series was installed in the cavity at the client end for nearly three years.
70 per cent annual composite growth; cvd tungsten equipment developed by the company has passed key storage 1, China Micro Corporation (688012): corrosion field verification by clients, in addition to ald tungsten equipment developed by China Micro Company can satisfy three
A significant increase in the availability of revenue, ongoing research and development projects, maintenance storage requirements, customer certification and duplicate production orders, future progress 2024-05-15
The performance has improved significantly, with the etching +mocvd double-wheel drive and the nitrous mocvd device leading the international lead, growing wide space and dynamic growth 2023-09-14.
In case of sustained breakthroughs, the film plus optical detection equipment is under pressure. The company's mocvd is used mainly for lighting, display, and power to make it 2023-04-24.
In the area of devices, the cumulative volume of mocvd products is more than 500 cavities and continues to be maintained for years, with the global demand for more than 800 mocvd equipment per year, and companies will continue to develop lighting, displays, including miniled, microlled and power devices.
The company is expected to cover about 75% of the mocvd on the market, and the future market space is wide. Level, the demand for corrosion and sedimentation equipment rises, and subsequent harvests and profits are expected to stabilize.
Upgrade to maintain a “buy-in” investment rating. Risks, downstream demand, are less than expected.  Introduction by the Electronic Communications Group
Mao Jianxin: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of work experience in American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in Ko Yonghau, 2018-2020: Doctor of Physics, University of Gangdan, successively in China Tech Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate
Ludjoyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Shuu: Bachelor of Science in International Political Economics, University of Haya padada, and Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023, who joined China to reflect his research views.
The equity market is based on 300 indexes of depth: the new three market is based on three indexes (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or three market indexes (for the subject matter of the market transfer).
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.