Electronic semiconductor equipmentiii. Expeditious transition to home-grown equipment, with significant benefits from the cutting edge of corrosion equipment.
On September 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, China Micro announced that Mr. Nituqiang had applied for the resignation of his deputy general manager and core technician from the Department of Public Administration; Mr. Yang Wei had applied for the resignation of his company's core technician for personal reasons.
As a result of his resignation, Mr. Nituqiang and Mr. Yang Wei are still in the company. The company believes that the changes in the core technology will not make a significant difference in the progress of research and development, business continuity, and core competitiveness of the company.
Billion yuan, or 1,898 million yuan and 1,764 million yuan by the end of 2023. The company is now well-placed, and the Bloomberg Society quoted a report by techinsights that in October 2022 the United States restricted the export of advanced semiconductor equipment to China and placed the Chinese manufacturer, 3dnandflash, Yangjiang, on the list of entities by the end of 2022.
Almost two years later, the Yangtze storage has continued to develop steadily and has been successfully applied to its Xtacking 4.0 process in blackmythssd, a company such as Sino-Mino Corporation and Nord China.
Sun Peak 24h1 etching equipment revenue was 2,698 million yuan, an increase of 56.68 per cent over the same period, and the ratio of revenues increased to 78.26 per cent;
New orders of $3.94 billion, an increase of about 50.7 per cent over the same period, have resulted in a significant increase in the volume of new payments for high-end products from advanced logic and storage manufacturing, an increase in sales of ccp and icp etching equipment, and a significant increase in the listing of the main domestic customer chip production lines.
The most critical corrosion process in Wu Jia Ying has already been validated at the customer production line.ccp: As of 24h1, the company accumulated production and delivered more than 3,600 ccp etching stations, with 24h1 added
Medium and Micro Corporations: Renovating high year-round performance, building etching/film/detection of three major growth engines - Joaquin securities-electronics - with additional deliveries over 2023 year-round, single-reaction counter prmohd-rie/hd-rie/ud-rie
The delivery of 24h1 was about three times higher than in 2023. Primoad-rie-e continued to be used for the most advanced MSMEs: the etching dragons performed a year-round high performance, hand-ordering the logical chip production line, while obtaining duplicate orders for advanced storage lines.
The logical client has entered the testing phase for the validation of the integrated Damascus etching process for metal masks and has entered the second client for on-site validation; and has reached assessment intentions with a number of clients and is currently developing a laboratory.
In addition, the company has actively deployed ultra-low-temperature etching techniques, investing in ultra-temperature electrosorption discs and new etching gas studies, and has been actively storing a much higher-than-heavy front-guard technology for corrosion of structures (#90:1).
icp: Multiple icp devices are well advanced in advanced logical chips, advanced drams and 3dnand line validation, and successive customer batch orders are obtained. Nanovavehp is heavily productive in high depth-wide multi-crystal silicon mask applications in dram manufacturing. Lux is gradually producing small amounts on multiple client lines.
The first Plumo-twinstar200 is also paid to the client for the commissioning of the metalens production line. Plumotsv200e/300e continues to be re-established in the mature market.
At the same time, the order was successfully validated on the silicon puncture etching process of the 12-inch 3-d chip and certified on the first 12-inch micromechanical system in the world created by customers in Europe. Bevel etching equipment on the edge of the crystal circle is being developed and will soon enter the client certification process.
(c) Tungsten deposition equipment: the company ' s tungsten series of tungsten-film sediment products covers all tungsten storage applications and has completed multiple logical and storage customer validation of cvd/har/aldw tungsten equipment and obtained client orders.
Epi equipment has successfully entered the client certification phase. The first sale of the new product of 24h1 company, rpcvd, generated $28 million: $168 million in new orders from rpcvd.
The film equipment area focuses on the film deposition equipment of the conductor/semiconductor layer, invests in the Shanghai smart layout detection equipment, and the three product lines continue to inject strong growth dynamics. Continuously recommend and maintain a “buy-a-a” rating.