Half-yearly, 2024: orders continue to rise, platforms to grow, Lee Wen-Ii has continued to grow, net profits have declined on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of reduced investment returns and higher R & D inputs.
Mocvd earned 152 million yuan, compared to 49.04 per cent, or 4.4 per cent, mainly the firm ' s absolute leadership in the blue green light led and Mini-led industries, and the demand for the end market continued to decline; lpcvd achieved its first sale and earned $28 million. 2024h1 achieved net return profit of 517 million.
A single-season revenue of $1,843 million, +41 per cent, ring + 15 per cent; a net profit on maternity of $268 million, and the cost of product advance insurance of $10 million from the cost of sales to cover operating costs. If this impact is excluded, the Māori rate under the original accounting standards is 44.07 per cent, compared to -1.82 pct (which we believe is the main decline in this component).
New orders for corrosion equipment of $3.94 billion, or +51 per cent, were signed, mainly because of a significant increase in the market share of companies on the country ' s main customer lines; the new product, rpcvd, began to be released, reaching 168 million yuan. 2024h1 companies produced 833 cadets of equipment (compared to +420 per cent) with a corresponding value of approximately $6,865 million (the same value as +420 per cent).
+402% compared to +402%) provides a solid basis for year-round delivery and confirmation.  etching products continue to lead well and plating products expand well: (1) ccp devices: most ccp etching applications have been formed in the logical field for > 28nm and most 28nm ccp etching applications for > 28nm
Fuller coverage, and there's already a lot of stations entering the international 5nm logic. In the storage area, the width corrosion machine has validated the ability of a 60:1-d-wide structure on the client, successfully entering 3d in China Micro (688012): 3-quarter 2023.
At the same time, the company is actively setting up ultra-low-temperature etching technology, with a reserve of 90:1 deep width ratio: income ends continue to grow at a high rate and focus on new corrosion techniques. (2) icp devices: the number of cavities installed on clients at the port of Primonovaicp for almost three years
In addition, the company is developing an icp etching machine for the 5-3nm logical chip. (3) mocvd: three generation half of active layout equipment, now in led
The extension equipment for the sic device has been shipped to a leading domestic customer for validation testing. (4) The film deposition equipment: the company’s first cvd tungsten device has been stored in key storage.
The storage of customer on-site validation and obtaining of customer duplicate volume orders; the aldtin equipment for high-end storage and logical devices is steadily advancing: the epi equipment is also in the client certification phase.
1. Growth in revenue growth, net profits from the same year-on-year downturn, mainly reduced investment returns, R & D investment, and corporate dominance in the blue green light and mini-led industries, continued demand for the end market 2. Profitability has been reduced mainly by changes in accounting standards and investment in R & D has increased significantly
Approximately $95 million in product advance insurance costs are charged to operating costs from sales costs. If this impact is excluded, the Māori rate under the original accounting standards is 44.07 per cent, compared to -1.82 pct (we believe that the decline in Māori in this component is mainly from the product margin, representing a significant 111 per cent increase in the same year, and a significant increase in R&D input as a percentage of income of 10 pct to 28 per cent).
Table 1 Status of MSMEs in project development (up to the end of 2024q2) and acquisition of core autonomous intellectual property rights, resulting in 3 inventory & contract liabilities increasing by the ring ratio and a continuous increase in new signed bills
The new contract for corrosion equipment was 3.94 billion yuan, compared with +50.7 per cent, and was mainly the result of a significant increase in the market share of companies on the country ' s main client lines; the new product, rpcvd, began to release, with a new purchase order of 168 million yuan. The 2024h1 company produced 833 pieces of equipment (420 per cent more than the same year) with an equivalent value of approximately $6,865 million (+402 per cent more) for the year.
q2’s operating cash flow went back to $968 million with the return of downstream client orders. The etching product continued to lead well, and the plating product expanded well (1)ccp device: the vast majority of the ccp etching applications and 28nm and more in the logical field have been applied to more than 28nm.
Most of the following ccp etching applications form a more comprehensive coverage, and a large number of platforms have entered the international 5nm and logic. In the storage area, ultra-high-height-wide corrosion machines have validated the ability of the 60:1-hept-wide structure on the client, successfully entering the 3d storage chip line. At the same time, the company is actively layoutd into ultra-temperature etching technology, with a positive reserve of ~90:1 depth.
ii.cp device: Primonanovazicp has installed cagr over 70% of the number of cagr on the client for nearly three years, validating progress at advanced logic chips, dram and 3dnand lines and obtaining customer batch orders.
Tsv etching equipment has also been applied to advanced encapsulations. In addition, the company is developing an icp carving (3) mocvd equipment for the 5-3nm logic chip: the third generation semiconductor equipment for the active layout has now taken the lead in the gana-based equipment market, e.g., Led, and has made good progress in the development of mocvd equipment in the micro-led field.
The extended equipment for the device has been shipped to the lead domestic customers for validation tests. (4) The film deposition equipment: the company's first Cvd Tungsten equipment was delivered to the key storage client validation assessment, was verified on site by the client and obtained a customer duplicate volume order, developed by the company for high-end storage and logical devices
The ald titanium nitrogen equipment is also steadily moving, and the pi equipment is in the process and customer certification stages. 5. Profit forecasting and investment ratings, taking into account the growth trend in corporate orders, we maintain the company ' s net return profit for 2024-2026, respectively.
The mill’s expansion has not been as fast as expected, new products development – and industrialization – have not been as fast as expected. Three major financial forecasting tables for China-Micro Corporation, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have been accredited to portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.