# Equity Incentives  Events: Corporate Disclosure of a New Round of Equity Incentives, This Incentive Scheme is for 716 company directors
In total, 8,544,000 restricted shares have been awarded to managers, middle management and core technical staff. The company’s current equity incentive program removes sales restrictions: 1) the company’s dimension: the profit margin corresponds to three years of industry (without deduction of gains or losses on a few shareholders and income tax, and elimination of the impact of share payment costs)
Repurchase (requirement price versus immediate share price). 2) Personal dimension: individual annual performance appraisals of good and above 100% are cancelled and grade c is rated 80% are cancelled. Granted purpose: To develop a well-balanced pay appraisal system that helps management balance short- and long-term benefits and shapes shareholders and menstruals.
In the short term, the benefit of the heavy gas card will continue to increase its caloric sales.
The penetration rate rose from 11.5 per cent at the beginning of the year to 41.9 per cent in September, and the fuelwood itself, in the area of natural gas recalcitrant hair, has remained at an aggregate level of over 65 per cent since 2023, well above the level of 30 per cent in the area of diesel heavy cards; and the gas heavy card engine is more profitable than the diesel type.) Medium-term dimensions.
In addition, the heavy-gas industry continues to be optimized, with terminal discounts, narrow harvests and better profitability. 3) In the long term, the company actively explores the next generation of emission control technologies.
Research, production reserves, accelerated application of wpdi, methanol motors, hydrogen internal combustion engines and performance forecast: q3 performance overperformance
Employing; well-established test capabilities such as power-driven components, power generation and power generation, continuing, natural gas heavy cards performing well; Increased R & D: A push for a breakthrough in core fuel cell technology and an acceleration of marketization.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The gas heavy card penetration rate in the heavy-card industry continues to rise, company exports & the fuelwood power (000338): business such as Kaiju and the recar are steadily up in 2023, taking into account firm profit margins for corporate equity incentives
We maintain the company's net profit forecast of $8,126 million in 2023, and we're making an upturn.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.