Three-quarter review in 2023: q3 engine sales are up, gross, October 31, 2023.
Keywords: #Equity Incentives Mother net profit is in the middle of the performance forecast, slightly above our expectations.
Powerful performance. 1) Company re-carding and engine operations continue to improve. The Chinese Air Association caliber, heavy q3 sales of 36,168, and the same ring ratio of +30.0/-11.2 per cent respectively, is dominated by seasonal factors, which continue to increase compared to the decline; wholesale re-carrying stock market is high.
16.58% ring ratio +0.1 pct, maintaining steady growth. A high-risk calculator, 5109 sets of q3 engines, +70.8%/6.4% of the same ring ratio, 33.6% of the market share, +2.3 pct; 99607 copies of the total q3 sales in the heavy card industry, of which 17953 units are equipped.
Market share is 18.0% (higher risk, excluding exports). In the future, low gas prices drive the gas heavy card penetration rate and the overall market share of fuel wood engines is expected to increase continuously. 2) For the core financial indicators, the q3 Māori ratio is 21.7%, the same ring ratio + 6.5 + 1.6 pct, the industry as a whole is warming.
The profitability of the scale effect has increased on a year-on-year basis, and the gas-weighted calculator-driven Māori ratio has improved further. q3 company sales and research cost rates of 6.24/4.36/3.56/3.56 per cent, respectively, have been significantly amortized by the same scale. 3) company q3 has a net interest rate of 4.8 per cent, depending on the ring.
In the short term, the benefit of the heavy gas gas card continues to increase in the amount of heat sold.
The program revealed that the profit margin target is constantly increasing to a higher degree than expected, and that the scavengers benefit fully from a higher level of profitability. 2) Medium-term dimensions, a high profit-rate big engine, are the company ' s focus on breaking out of opportunity products, and the company continues to expand its products overseas.
Markets, accelerated upscaling; in addition, heavy-gas operations continue to be optimized, with narrow end discounts and better returns. 3) Long-term dimensions, companies actively reserve their products and speed up wpdi, methanol.
Motives, development of hydrogen internal combustion engines; well-constructed power-drive components, total power generation and total power performance forecast evaluation: test capabilities such as q3 performance over-pre-achievement; and driving core fuel cell technology breakthroughs to accelerate marketization.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the firm's steady upturn in exports, such as the kai-su and re-cars, the period, the gas heavy card performance, the three major financial projections for fuelwood power.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.