2023q3 performance forecast: q3 performance exceeded expectations, gas heavy cards performed beautifully
Mother net profits of $5.961-662.4 billion, i.e. +80% to 100% of the year; recovery of total internal and external needs due to non-mother net profits and positive restructuring of the company’s push product and business structure. Seasonal sales in the 3 sector are under pressure, and the company’s business structure continues to be optimized, supporting excellent performance.
Industry dimensions, 2023o3 heavy card sector bulk sales, 2182 million, ring ratio +52.4 per cent/-11.7 per cent, industry combined quarterly sales performance remains slightly over-expected, gas heavy cards maintain a high increase in core sales growth driven by low gas prices, and q3 exports maintain a higher relative rate of growth
In bits, but with a small drop in the ring. Corporate dimensions, the share of wood in the gas heavy card engine is maintained at a higher level, with the benefit of the q3 break-up; and also the benefit of the same amount of heavy steam sales.
▪ A short- and long-term effort to power new energy sources in the middle and long-term: Vision 2023q4 and 2024h1 with a focus on the engine of large horsepower and natural gas, the company will continue to seize hot-spot market opportunities such as gas trucks and vans, and conduct ad hoc outreach activities around priority areas to accelerate product rapidness
In terms of R & D, companies adapt to long-term trends in the industry, actively explore the next generation of emission control technologies, develop product reserves, accelerate the application and development of wpdi, methanol engines, hydrogen internal combustion engines; and complete construction.
Good power-dried components, power generation and power generation capacity, continuous increase in research and development.
Degrees: A breakthrough in core fuel cell technology is advanced to accelerate marketization. L, o2 performance meets expectations.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account ongoing upward breakthroughs in the industry ' s current gas heavy card sales, public sector
Q3's performance is better and the future trend is expected to continue, and we're moving up the company 2023-2025.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.