The crystal circle makes the head, leads the country's new core, leads the country's core chip drive, studies the middle core of the international depth study, home-grown ic-manufacturing companies, services-wide global layout. The middle core international is the world's leading.
One of the integrated circuit-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crylic-crylic-crylic-crylic-crylic-based engineering and technical services covers 8 inches and 12 inches. In addition, the middle core works closely with upstream and downstream enterprises such as world-class design, standard cell banks, eda tool providers, crystal-crystal seal manufacturers, material suppliers, etc., and is currently in operation.
Liu Kyung-suk has established several marketing offices in the United States, Europe, Japan, Taiwan, China, etc., and the global distribution of revenues and benefits has stabilized, and shares have been favoured.
In the early recovery, the marginal improvements in the areas of artificial intelligence, industrial automation and smart automobiles are expected to boost demand, and the middle core is expected to usher in a new phase of high growth development; and in the equity architecture.
Large capital, such as the Continental Industrial Fund, has a strong preference for the center core, with a large number of corporate equity holders with semiconductors with three major industry characteristics that contribute to the growth of the center core.
The increase in the 12mtha price range is also a significant catalyst for industrial development; 2) fast-growing: the transistor and integrated circuits have been running at high speeds for decades, the size of the “national core” and the “international core”
Infinite a share/total equity expansion is largely the same, accompanied by an intensification of the overseas blockade in the future, national production substitution logic contributing to the steady growth of continental producers; 3) business model adapted to development needs: middle core uses the foundry model
The two main advantages are the company alpha, the economies of scale and the technological advantages.
(b) Technically, the three bright spots of logical circuit integration platforms, niche technology platforms and ancillary services are brought together, technological innovations are constantly evolving, and the results of technology are matched with the depth of industrial applications.
Competition pressures in domestic and foreign industries: a big model is not as developed as expected: changes in international patterns, net market rates (x) 1 world-class crystal round manufacturing enterprises, multi-dimensional sustainability
1.1 A world-class leader in the manufacture of chips in the country, through a cycle of steady growth,c globalization is deployed as a basic expression. The Cyclops International is one of the world’s leading integrated circuit crystalworker enterprises, which can provide 8 inches to global customers.
And 12 inches of crystal circle engineering and technical services, with headquarters in Shanghai. The company partnered with a world-class set-up service, smart modules, standard modules bank, and eda tool provider, and has close ties with a large number of encapsulation test manufacturers and equipment and materials suppliers around the world.
Linked, production, manufacturing, and services are also globalized, with multiple marketing offices in the United States, Europe, Japan, and Taiwan.
2003: Since its establishment in 2000, in order to circumvent technical controls, the company has been registered in the Cayman Islands and is investing in a Shanghai plant, with the first fund-raising participants covering both Shanghai Business, the North Bluebird and Foreign Representative Goldman Sachs.
Motorola, Warden International, etc., with multiple resources, has established the first manufacturing plant of the company in Zhang Gang; 2) the setback phase (2004-2011): integrated routing has a forward phase, with high input and long return cycles, and the initial kernel has a long-term deficit.
At the same time, the market, the introduction of new shareholder capital, became an important way out of the financial crisis to maintain the cash flow from the middle, which was listed in mid-2004 at the same time as the port crossing point, where 16.45% of the equity in 2008 was traded for $172 million in Da Tang Telecom.
In 2011, the middle-spill company became the second largest shareholder in the center core, with the third largest in power generation; 3) the household integrated circuit industry fund subscribes to the middle-simple industry ' s new shares of 4.7 billion shares, with a percentage of the shares on the board, and its performance is also in a period of rapid growth, with the Tang Telecom joining the country.
The circuit industry fund becomes the company’s most important shareholder. 1.2 Performance expansion is moving rapidly, the cost structure is beginning to shift, the size of the collection is increasing, and a new cycle of expansion is starting.
At the same time, the middle core benefits from the special needs arising from the outbreak of the new coronary virus, and the rapid release of consumer electronic terminals such as mobile phones, pc, etc., which boosts corporate profitability. With 23 years of diminishing special needs, the global semiconductor industry is in its worst recession in history.
One, but this trend began to reverse soon in the 24th century. Looking ahead, with signs of recovery, the marginal areas of artificial intelligence, industrial automation, and smart cars improve the potential to boost the demand for semiconductor products; in terms of maturity, according to s&p.
Global projects that the global semiconductor market will again face a shortage of 40 nm and above in 2025, the expected gap on the demand side, or will lead to a new release of middle core performance.
However, in 23-24, the net return profits of companies declined in a volatile manner, with increased competition, large-scale price reductions in the industry taking over the market, and the negative procyclical expansion of national chip firms becoming the main contributors to the decline. Over this period, crystal round sales were counterproductive to the increase in revenue.
By the way, the average unit price of the crystal circle in the middle core fell significantly: in the middle of 2024, with regard to the income structure of the international crystal round average, the middle core showed a significant reverse movement in the two most important global markets, China and North America.
The distribution gap in these two regions has widened further to 71.43 percentage points, and China’s chip self-use trend is unstoppable. With respect to profit margins, the middle core’s Māori/net interest rate has risen in the past few years.
In the period 2017-2022, we thought that the rise in the average sales price of the sales of the crystal round, combined with the efficiency gains brought by the production of the crystal circle on a large scale, had directly contributed to the increase in profit margins. By 23 years, however, because of high industrial stocks, slow de-stocking, etc.
The impact of the factors, reduced group capacity utilization, changes in the product mix and increased group depreciation costs during high input periods, and a downward trend in profit margins, continued into 24 years.
Figure 8: Net interest rate for companies (%) The cost rate level is distinctly differentiated and the overall scale is rising steadily. In terms of cost rates, the middle “stable pace” is one of the two issues of “quick catch-up” in technological progress.
The core has made some initial breakthroughs, and how enterprises “to improve energy efficiency” is gradually being introduced into the enterprise management agenda: in absolute terms, management/research and development costs have increased significantly, providing logistical support & technological reserves for the sustainability of the enterprise's development.
1.3 The stockholders are diverse, with an excellent background for managers. Equity holders are diverse, bringing together different types of investors.
At the end of the year, the shareholding rate was 14.00 per cent. In addition, the different types of investment funds in the interior were closely concerned with and involved in investing in China: the National Integrated Circuit Industry Fund, Phase II, held about 1.60 per cent of the shares, the Huaxia Foundation held 1.44 per cent of the shares, and Shinko, China, held 1.44 per cent of the shares.
The manager has a great history, technical practice and management responsibilities. Mr. Liu Tsing Feng, Chairman of the Board, has a Ph.D. in management science and engineering for Xian, and has served as Deputy Director General of the ethylene plant of China's petrochemicals and petrochemicals company, China's petrochemicals company, Shanghai.
Secretary and Chairman of the Li, Shanghai Sorority Party, with over 30 years of business management, 2 industry perspective: high core crystal round manufacturing in three industry characteristics: high barriers and high competition, with opportunities and challenges
Analysis of the growth and sustainability of crystal-crystal manufacturing development can be done staticly through the Industrial Chain & Porter Five Power model. At the industrial chain level, emphasis needs to be placed on upper-middle-down ecology:
1) The semiconductor material/equipment plays the necessary upstream role in the integrated circuit formation. The semiconductor material resistance rate is usually between 10 {3} \sim10 \omegacm, and is now in the form of an industry dominated by silicon, supported by nitrogen, arsenic, silicone enhancement; semiconductor
Physical equipment in response to the reduced size of the integrated circuit chip, the expansion of the integrated scale of the two-way deviation from the development trend can be divided into front-track manufacturing equipment (e.g. light carving, etching, film deposition, etc.) and back-track testing equipment (selectionrs, testers, projectors, stickers, etc.), the former.
The market size is more than 80% of the total equipment size. In vertical terms, China’s Taiwan and overseas firms are mainly controlling and splattering the target material on behalf of companies such as Japanese metal, Hornewell, lightcuts, etc.
2) In the mesmerized field, the crystal circle is built to coexist with multiple processes based on core material & equipment. The crystal circle manufacturing process is complex, with larger inputs, and focuses on the production of circuits on crystal circle with mosaiced electronic components. The overall process is: crystal circle processing - oxidation - light - etching - thin film.
Sediment-interconnection-test-encapture. The crystal circle manufacture, in addition to having to add a pattern to the horizontal direction density to increase storage density, also has to address the problem of hyper-broadness ratio (har) carving evenly in the vertical direction, as the number of chip stacking layers increases and the size of the process diminishes.
The difficulty of manufacturing has multiplied, and this has also shaped the high barriers of chip-making. Across, the 2024 power build-up (tsmc) and the Samsung are still at the top of the list of round-scale workers, q2 generating $20.819 billion and $3.833 billion, respectively.
(c) The multipolarization of competition patterns. 3) From a downstream perspective, chip applications cover a wide range of fast-growing industries, such as car electronics, consumer electronics, information, communication, artificial intelligence, and object networking, or highlight the increased demand for chips.
According to the Porter Five Power model, the chip industry is characterized by high barriers, and industry is still developing in the blue sea. The crystal plate barriers are expressed in three ways: 1) technical barriers:
Round industries are capital-, talent- and technology-intensive industries, technology research and development are multidisciplinary, complex production processes and, for new entrants to the industry, are unable to break through core technologies in the short term and face high technical barriers; 2) customer barriers: in crystallization
In the field of surrogates, chip manufacturing has a high degree of synergy with chip designers, by sharing the latest developments in the industry, products, capturing the needs of customers and upgrading the crystal circle services, clients tend to create more viscousity for long-term collaborative crystal round industries: 3) capital barriers:
For example, the Jingjiang Business School estimated the capital expenditure of the 28nm crystal factory at 10,000 units per month at $1.2 billion, and the high capital expenditure of the 5nm process at 2.2 industry characteristic II: semiconductors have been growing for decades and the industry has been growing rapidly.
Looking back at history, technological advances in chip semiconductors are often complemented by changes in production patterns and the need for creativity. His history has evolved as follows: 1) The birth of transistors and integrated circuits (1950-1970): John Badin and Volt of Bell Laboratory, December 1947
Day, Kirby of Texas was successful in creating 7/16 inches long and 1/16 inches wide, making it the first integrated circuit in the world. 2) Moor Law: Gordon Moore, one of the founders of Intel, introduced the famous Moor Law, pointing out the integrated electricity.
The number of transistors that can accommodate roads doubles every approximately 18 months: 3) shift in production patterns (1970-1985): with the boom of the home age, the semiconductor industry model gradually turned into the Idm model, mainstream crystal circle size 3-4 inches, process 1.2um-
0.5um, the Japanese semiconductor developed at a high rate during this period; 4) vertical division of labour (1985-2010s): pc and the combined power of the mobile Internet, vertical division of labour, on the historical stage, the combination of the fables and faundry became the backbone of integrated circuit development.
To form, the mainstream crystal circle develops to 6-8 inches and the process progresses to 40 nm; 5) the demand for the lower half of the generation has increased significantly: the industrial division of labour has been further refined, with the mainstream crystal round measuring to 8-12 inches, with a rapid push of 5 g, ai, big data/clouds, iot
Figure 15: Kilby's invention (the first integrated circuit in the world) The semiconductor market has moved steadily forward, with domestic and international double frequency resonance. For 13 years, the data were returned in March 23, due to factors such as the downside of the consumer electronics industry.
At $39.830 billion, however, the rapid pace of cluster construction, which benefited from the fire in chhagpt and the large model training, started a new up-to-date cycle of semiconductors. According to monthly growth data, the development of the domestic semiconductor industry remained essentially at the same pace as the international community.
Industry started a new round of semiconductor sales in April 23. Figure 17: Overview of global semiconductor sales. Figure 18: Summary of Chinese semiconductor sales.
The “national core” is growing at a high rate, contributing to the global boom in semiconductors. According to sia, Chinese semiconductor sales grew by 19.2 per cent in August 2024, and there is still a large gap between the American region and +43.9 per cent, but other parts of Asia and the Pacific, Japan, and Europe have increased by the same amount.
According to the Coordinating Bureau, China’s integrated circuit production in January-August 2024 amounted to 284.5 billion pieces, an increase of 26.6 per cent compared with the previous year, which strongly contributed to the growth of the global semiconductor market. North America’s “chip blockade” has intensified, and national production has replaced long-term gains.
The US continues to tighten restrictions and blockades on China’s semiconductor supply chain, and the US policy of restraint in the direction of the industrial chain is forcing China’s semiconductor and domestic manufacturing capacity to have a definite impact. But for countries that are less aware of the threat posed by China’s technological progress, China’s policy of restraint is not so strong.
They are more likely to follow the instructions of their own governments than of the United States. These complex and contradictory relationships and measures will also accelerate deep cooperation in the design industry of Chinese Sme, Crystal Circles and Chips, with the prospect of technology and geopolitical surprises in the long run.
The development of the country's industrial sector has been intense, and it's far north. On the Shanghai side, Root, according to the Shanghai Integrated Circuit Development Study, 2024, the Shanghai IEC industry sold $321.59 billion in 2023 and the crystal manufacturing industry is about the size of the industry.
For 84.5 billion yuan; for Beijing, the integrated circuit industry in the economic development zone is about 60 billion yuan, and there are about 100 integrated circuit enterprises involved. According to the Beijing 145 Development Plan, the integrated circuit industry in Beijing is expected to be in place by 2025.
300 billion yuan in operating income to build integrated circuit innovation platforms, design, manufacture, equipment, four industries with advantages; Shenzhen, for its part, although the overall layout is less than a long triangle, crystallized manufacturing plates are relatively weak, have invested in several major projects in recent years, crystal-manufacturing enterprises.
The list includes companies such as Shenzhen International, Lantern International, Pyramid, Biadi Semiconductor, etc. National crystal circle manufacturing has made great progress, and planning for implementation has been steady. According to research by the Institute for the Study of the Thinking and the Heart, China is home to 12 countries as of 20 December 2023.
In inches, 8 inches and 6 inches and below, there are 210 silicon crystal circle manufacturing lines; a total of 45, 24, planned or modified 13, capable of 2.38 million pieces, 1.25 million pieces and 570,000 pieces, respectively; and a total of 4.2 million pieces of 8 inches crystal.
A total of 34 units have been built, 5 are under construction, 11 units have been planned for construction or renovation, 1.68 million units have been planned, 200,000 units have been planned and 320,000 units have been planned, for a total of 2.2 million units; a total of 48 units have been built, 4 units are under construction, 6 units have been planned for construction or renovation, and 2.64 million units have been planned.
Two hundred and twenty-one thousand, three hundred and thirty-four thousand pieces, totalling three hundred and nine hundred thousand. The continental chip factory is in a state-of-the-art state-of-the-art chip surge.
The colour-based process provides a crystal circle and ancillary services including embedded/independent non-lossive storage devices, power devices, simulations and power management, logic and radio frequency (RF)-specific technology platforms. In the first half of 2024, $6,326 million was collected in the China Rainbow Circle.
2.3 Industry characteristic III: Foundry model efficiency priority, logic of the process
Better response to scale production, product upgrades, but heavy asset movement mode means that idm companies will bear heavy line depreciation and operating costs: 2) no crystal-crystal modes cans, and the counterpart enterprises will deliver design programmes and intellectual property rights to the relevant crystals
The production of crystallized mills, with low asset size and low operating costs, will have a greater impact on the competition of firms due to their deep binding with their surrogate industrial partners; 3) crystallized mills (foundry), which will feed the cores of their clients
The film is turned into a product that can achieve economies of scale by serving multiple clients, professional division of labour, and maximizes the effectiveness of enterprises. 40 nm and more advanced products are now produced through the faundry model, but, nxp, microchip, adi and other plants are all in the same way as electricity.
The prospects for development are much broader. Since the service providers are often very closely linked to the service, we can use the data from the candies to predict future operations.
In 2019, the division between tablets and ids began, with sales falling by almost 20 per cent under the idm model as a result of the sharp shock in the storage chip market, while those related to the fulablesss fell by only 1 per cent and, after 2020, the Fables model grew by about 22 per cent.
The same-year growth rate under the idm model was only 9 per cent, and in 2021 the sales rose by 2.7 x, respectively, while the idm model was only 63 per cent. In 2003, the Fabless/system model accounted for only 14.2 per cent of the total.
After almost 20 years of accumulation, this figure reached 34.8% in 21 years, and the icinsights anticipate that this strong market share will continue for some time to come. The middle core, as a typical representative of the funky model, is expected to benefit from surrogate modes of osmosis.
The transistor technology has a very high rotation rate, and the back-to-back show can also be a “crowd overcarriage.” The early transistor is mainly a plane type (planarfet), with the size of the transistor decreasing and
In order to solve this problem, the fin field transistors (finfet) appear and the structure becomes 3d-designed, stereo-structured, and later.
The transistor process of gaafet, mbcfet, etc., has continued to be introduced to enhance the lead in the power station build-up process, while the medium core has yet to be captured. The first launch of the 28nm common process, in 2011, was widely applied, for example, to high-tone dragon 800 and to the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) 800.
High-end processors like mt6589t: after the 2011 power buildup hit 28 nm, it moved fast to 20 nm, apples handed over the iphone6 chip replacements to the power builder in 2014, and the front station was still in the lead at 3 nm, using lower implementation risks and tested.
In the international arena, the q2 market share was 62% and 6% in 24 years, both of which increased by +30% in the third quarter of 24 years, far above the grids, and so on.
To compete with each other, there is sufficient potential for development, and the middle core’s “accelerated catch-up” remains a long way off. Is the advanced process less competitive in the short term with China’s core than with power, Samsung, and Intel?
We believe that the advanced process is the main battleground for giant competition, and that the mature process is the source of the current quest for wealth. Most chips are still based on more mature nodes, such as power management, which usually uses 180 nm or 130 nm.
The design is also shifting to 90 nm, 55 nm, and 40 nmbcd process nodes, and as the demand for power management (pmic) in cars increases, the use of the chip increases. At the same time, the advent of Chiplet technology eliminates the need to migrate certain functions.
To a more advanced node, just move the part that really requires advanced node functions, so that the size of the chip at the expensive node can be minimized, and the rest can be integrated into the envelope as a separate little chip.
3 economies of scale coexist with technological advantages, with a significant 3.1-scale production release from the center core, improved production line inputs, a steady climb in productivity, and multi-strategy responses to North American sanctions.
After three periods, from 2003 to 2008, the base period for production capacity was set at 8 inches, and the second phase began in 2009 and 2019, with a rapid expansion of capacity, which could rise to 448.5 million units per month; and the third phase (2020 to date), with the center core international in the trap.
In October 2020, the U.S. Department of Commerce, Department of Industry and Security (bis), sent a letter to a number of suppliers, and U.S. equipment, accessories and raw materials exported to China International needed an export licence in advance for China.
In December of the same year, Bis placed Middle Core International on the list of entities to limit its access to key United States technologies, which used to rely heavily on national policy support and international technology input to support the two growth pillars, but produced significant interaction in the current semiconductor development cycle.
The center core of this period, however, has adopted a number of strategies to respond, and the output growth table has become steeper, and in December 2024, the 8 inch gross output was equivalent to a single month of 947,600 per month, with periodic fluctuations in the production utilization level, which is now in the next round.
In the case of round production plants, production capacity utilization played a unique role in the “performance barometer”, with a rapid decline from about 92.10 per cent in September 2222 to 2023.
However, with the gradual recovery of demand for medium- and low-end consumer electronics and the cutting and transformation of the supply chain brought about by geopolitics, some customers have successfully cut into the semiconductor industry and bring new demand to the company, with a steady increase in the use of the company ' s capacity, q4 in 2024.
As the first-largest crystal-crystal processing plant on the ground, it is second only to power generation and tristar electronics. Its production base is wide and spread across Shanghai, Tianjin, Shenzhen and Beijing, with a total of 10 lines of domestic production.
The lines of production are as follows: a total of three inches, concentrated in mid-core Tianjin, mid-core Shanghai and mid-core Shenzhen, producing mainly 90 nm or more of mature process products; a total of seven inches of 12 production lines, applying the finfet technology process, up-to-date process of 14 nm, actual
Capital spending is increasing, and production capacity is expanding without delay. The middle core share statement shows that the company initially raised about $20 billion in 2020, 40% of which was spent on construction.
A 12-inch production line project with a capacity of 35,000 pieces per month, with a production level of 14 nm and below, will contribute an additional, advanced process income to the postnatal period. In addition, the fund-raising effort will exceed $25,663 million, mainly for the 12 inch chip sn1 project, maturity.
The expansion of production capacity is not made overnight, with a total of about 340,000 12 inches of new production lines being invested in mid-November 2022 and based on customer demand.
Development of a diversified platform, a mix of production and expansion. The continued expansion of the above-mentioned production structure, 3.2 technologies, long-term deposition of technology, coupled with the depth of industry, has occurred through years of technology deposition in the middle core, and some of the results have reached international leadership levels.
The level of technology and the status of application of technology results are as follows: Logic Circuit Integrating Platform: Mid-Key International successfully developed 0.35/0.25 μm, 0.18/0.15 μm, 0.13/0.11 μm, 90 nm, 65/55 nm, 45/40 n
The multi-technology nodes of rice, 28 nanometres and 14 nanometers are one of the most advanced and wide-ranging crystal-round industrial enterprises in mainland China. 2) Special process technology platforms: in addition to logical circuit manufacturing, the China-Code International has successfully opened.
A variety of unique process platforms, such as power/simulation, high volatilization drive, embedded non-volatile storage, non-lossible storage, mixed signals/radio frequency, image sensors, have been launched and have reached the professional design service team of pedestrians with the most advanced finfet processes on mainland China.
Basicip development and chip customization capabilities can provide customers with a variety of ip modules; in light masking membrane manufacturing, core processes involved in the manufacture of photo masks in middle cores include front-way image data processing, electro-beaming, visual etching and back-track defects examination and control.
All are developed by and have autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs) developed by the center core international team, and their product lines cover all of the company's integrated circuit crystal round processes. 4 Profit predictions and investment proposals.
Based on the above analysis, the business turnover and the Māori ratio are projected to be 1) 8 inches crystal round: with the gradual recovery of demand in the global consumer electronics market, the production chain links are gradually moving towards good, crystal-round working as a key industry at the front end of the industrial chain.
The need for interconnectivity and intelligence of appliance devices that can be worn, smart homes, transportation, medical, etc., will also be effective in raising the demand ratio of crystal circle, with 8 inches as the company's main product, which is expected to be delivered along with the manufacturing industry.
Added and expanded, becoming an important engine for the growth of companies in the short and medium term. (2) 12 inches of crystal circle: influenced by increased geopolitical uncertainty, chip production, significant rise in home-grown, 12 inches of corporate chip production, higher value added.
Price levels are expected to rise continuously. The future product structure of the company continues to be optimized, or becomes a key sub-area for long-term growth in the company’s performance.
In terms of overall profitability, the projected operating income of Mid-Cryston International for the period 2025-2027 is that we've selected three listed companies (Warning, China Yum, Slander) that belong to the field of crystal circle industries for valuation analysis as comparable companies.
High inputs, heavy assets, and characteristics of profits that exhibit cyclical fluctuations, the pb value can be used as an indicator of an effective baseline against which to base the valuation comparison. In the future, the middle-core international future is expected to continue to benefit from a “advanced process” quick break, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
The selection of ifd agencies consistently predicts (1) competitive pressures in domestic and foreign industries: there are more competitors, both domestic and foreign, and there is a rapid mix of technologies that place high demands on the R & D, innovation and productive capacity of enterprises.
(2) The big model is not as developed as expected: the big model is an important catalyst for the development of the photochip industry, and the big model is not as developed as expected or will limit the growth of corporate performance. (3) Changes in international patterns, trade frictions increase the risk: the big game has increased somewhat.
Instigating the global economy, China-US economic and trade relations are becoming more severe and may later drive changes in the international geopolitical landscape, with global trade and supply chains likely to be affected.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.