China ' s annual report rating 60188.sh: red rate up to 50%, port duty back good, 24 years rent improvement China ' s rent out (60188.sh)
China Free from Disclosure 2023 Annual Report: 1) Total revenue of 67.540 billion yuan in 2023, corresponding to the same tax business: Re-introduction of sub-gated shops with strong competition, 22.344 billion yuan in 23 years, compared to +20 per cent, 33.1 per cent, Māori rate of 15.25 per cent, same to ~2.17 pct, optimized business structure is also favourable
By region: 1) Hainan region: 396.5 billion yuan, compared to 14 per cent in 23 years, hit sub-purchases and weak consumption influences recovery rate below passenger flow rate, Māori rate of 25.76 per cent, compared to 0.33 ptt; Zhang Honghamun Company Garment Industry Research Assistant
+0.86 pct; 3) the elimination of Hainan and overseas, with other regions contributing about $10 billion, and we expect better overall recovery of the offline duty-free shops, or originating from them. 1) Sanya inner store: mainly operates the Sanya Bay store, Sanya Airport shop, online bookings, repurchases, etc.
In 23 years, 28,364 million yuan was collected, corresponding to 6 per cent; in 23 years, 2,647 million yuan, corresponding to + 4 per cent, resulting in net repatriation)
3) Shanghai: 17,821 million yuan in 23 years, +26 per cent in the same year; the recovery of passenger flows led to a significant increase in rents, resulting in a net profit of 257 million yuan for the mother, corresponding to 59 per cent, a net interest rate of 1.44 per cent for the mother, and a net profit of 3 pct, of which 239 million yuan for the mother, with the new lease at the end of the year being implemented as of 1 December 23,
4) China Rabbit International: Profiting of supplies to duty-free shops and running cdf member purchase platforms, 23 years 5) after cutting off the profits of the main plate mentioned above, there are still about 1.5 billion net profits from the mother, and we expect to be largely local in Sinda Securities.
Tax-free shop contribution; plus $103 million in investment earnings from the Internet. cindaseturitiesco., Ltd. Financial Analysis: 1) Māori End: 23 years Māori ratio of 31.82%, +3.43pt, though devalued by exchange rate
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing, has a greater impact, but the company has a narrow discount and points policy, an increase in tax-exempt operations, a steady recovery in the Māori rate, and, as a follow-up, we look forward to the elasticity of performance brought about by improved profitability and a recovery in consumer power:
Sales: 1) 23 years of weak consumption and counter-purchases, duty-free passenger unit prices and shopping rates have either reached the bottom of Hainan Island, while the opening of Bay Bay Bay C House is still climbing, and sales are expected to become more resilient with the restoration of consumer power. 2) In the context of a sustained recovery in the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers,
The overall success of the off-line duty-free shop and the multiple winnings of the free-rider channel are expected to jointly drive sales The profits end: 1) on-board and start-up rent relief is expected to contribute to profits; 2) the discounts continue to be narrow and the business structure optimized, which is expected to contribute to a further increase in the Māori ratio. 3) The inventory structure optimizes assets.
Impairment losses are expected to decrease, while the negative impact of the exchange rate is expected to narrow. 24 years on average, income end-of-the-life growth + port shop recovery, profit end rent relief + further optimization of Māori rates are expected to jointly drive off-performance; mid- and long-term view of Hainan and China are clearer and duty-free.
The industry is expected to show considerable resilience in the economic cycle; moreover, given the effective catalytic effect of the marginal changes in the closure policy on the valuation, China is still being recommended for exemption. We expect the company to return to net profit in 24-26 years.
Events: China ' s annual report 2023, released in the evening of 27 March: 67.540 billion yuan in 2023, an increase of 24.08 per cent in comparison with the previous year, a net return profit of 6,714 million yuan, 2.1, split operations: the return of passenger flows led to tax-free income growth, and the optimal structure of operations facilitated the recovery of the Māori ratio
1. Tax-exempt operations: the resumption of the Hainan + exit and exit passenger flow led to a rapid increase in tax-free income, with tax-free sales of $44,231 million in 23 years, an increase of 70 per cent in the same year, and a Māori rate of 39.49 per cent, an increase of 0.08 pct in the same year; 2) tax-exceeding operations: strong competition for the restoration of the under-line door shop ' s inflammation channel, with tax sales of $22,344 million in the same year.
2.2 Sub-regional segmentation: deep-farming south-south sales return and the Shanghai area continues to grow 1) Hainan region: China South collected $39.65 billion in 23 years, an increase of 14 per cent compared to the previous year, with a weak recovery rate of hit sub-purchases and consumption power compared with passenger flows, with a Māori rate of 25.76 per cent and a 0.33 ptt increase compared to the previous year;
3. The total recovery of tax-free shops, such as Hong Kong, China, Capital Airport, White Cloud Airport, Cambodia, Macao, China, etc., is expected to be better.
2.3 Quarterly splits: seasonal growth of 2304 battalions, increase in rent relief or contribution profits, seasonal growth of tax exemption from the island of Hainan, and recovery of passenger flow from the Shanghai-Shanghai-Thai-Nin-Thai: 23q4 achieved net return profit of 1,507 million yuan, an increase of 274.72 per cent, a net interest rate of 9.03 per cent, a rise of 6.36 pt, a round increase.
The increase of 0.07 pct, in addition to benefiting from the continued rehabilitation of the Māori rate, has contributed to the implementation of the Shanghai rent relief in Shanghai since December 23, as well as to the narrow reduction in impairment losses on assets. Figure 10: Quarterly Māori rates and net interest rates of companies (%)
Figure 11: Quarterly cost rates of companies (%) 2.4. Fragmentation: Shanghai sales under epidemic pressure have continued to grow year-on-year, with China exempt from net interest rates 1) Sanya inner store: mainly operating Sanya Sea Bay, Sanya Airport, online booking, repurchase operations, 23 years of operations
RMB 28,364 million, a 6 per cent decline in the same year; net profit return of RMB 2,647 million, a 4 per cent increase in the same year; net interest rate of RMB 9.33 per cent; 2) Seagate International Tax Free City: 23 years, the first full year of Haiguchi International Tax Free City, contributed $6,838 million in revenue, and profit of RMB 33 million at the municipal level.
3) Sea Free Company: Mainly operating the American airport shop, the Sun and Moon shop, the Bounty shop, affected by the disruption of counter-purchases and the diversion of the new seaport store, in 23 years, with $4,918 million in revenues, a 13 per cent decline in the same year, $198 million in net profit to the mother, a 43 per cent decrease in the same year, a 26 per cent increase in the same rate to the mother) Shanghai, Japan: $17,821 million in 23 years; a significant increase in rent to the mother as a result of a return to the passenger flow
The net profit was 257 million yuan, a 59 per cent decline in the same year, and the mother ' s net interest rate was 1.44 per cent, a 3 pcct decline in the same year, of which 23h2 was net.4) with an international exemption from profit on supply to duty-free shops, while the cdf member purchase platform was operated, with an increase of 46,053 million yuan in 23 years, a 10 per cent increase in the same year, with the mother ' s net profit of 1,997 million yuan, of which 23h2 was just $233 million.
5. After the elimination of the profits from the major sectors mentioned above, there are still about 1.6 billion net profits from the mother, which we expect to be largely contributed by tax-free shops in various parts of the country; and $103 million in investment earnings from the daily interconnection of technology. 2.5, other financial data.
2) Cash flow: in 2023, operating cash flow of the company was 1,526 million yuan, mainly as a result of the increase in cash flow as a result of increased revenues from the sale of commodities; the company ' s book currency fund amounted to 31,838 million yuan, an increase of 18 per cent over the same period, and the cash flow was stable.
Figure 13: Corporate inventories (billions of yuan) The company ' s core strengths and driving forward in 2023 led to a steady improvement in quality and efficiency, with brand value for four consecutive years, combined with tourism.
Deep-farming south, increasing the supply of services and increasing the attractiveness of the market. In 2023, the Hainan region added 177 brands, both domestic and foreign; “stoves” to first-line branding operations and service standards, with 14 pilot shops selling up by the same year 65%; cdf to free Hainanapp and sub-procedures from online booking and off-island repurchase platform integration, off-island duty-free markets
In addition, the company has strengthened its overall business planning layout. 1) Phase II of the San Phoenix Airport tax-free shop opened in September 23, with a single duty-free shopping complex in the airport's isolation zone; 2) Sector C of the Sanya International tax-free city opened in December 23, with a single house for perfumed products, the condensed Chanel (Channel), dior (Dio), estee.
Lauder (Yashlande), Lancome (Lancule) and other core brands, and the creation of Hainan's first gathering spa centre; 3) Sanya International Free City 2nd upgrade to achieve lv (Lui Weiden), dior (Dio) top-level heavy luxury brands and buccellati (Butchirati), celine (Slim), Loopiana (Noyotya), etc.
More than 30 high-end international brands are operating. Commodity choices are becoming more abundant, meeting consumer shopping needs, and continuing to optimize consumer shopping experiences. Important channels are expanding steadily. 1) Border duty-free channels: companies sign supplementary agreements with capital airports, Shanghai airports, and machines.
In addition, the company succeeded in winning the Tianjin International Airport exit and exit duty-free shop project and in operating the exit duty-free shop project at Dalian Zhou Shuiko International Airport, Yunnan Tianbao Crossing, Yunnan Riari Crossing, Yunnan Chui Crossing, and acquired the right to operate the Chengdu Double Stream International Airport, Shanghai Pundong International Airport, Shanghai, etc.
(b) Intra-city tax-free channels: the company follows up on intra-city shop policy developments, actively promotes intra-city shop research, site selection, location, planning, etc., and continues to prepare for the opening of new intra-city shops.
3) Overseas channels: The company has made an orderly contribution to the bidding process for overseas project expansion and tax-free operation, successfully acquired and opened the tax-free shop at Siem Reap Angkor International Airport in Cambodia, won the right to operate the nectar fine shop at Kanyi Airport in Singapore, and now operates the Eida Mordu, the “Medan” liner's duty-free shop.
Focusing on new retail business innovations and promoting online business integration. Companies start a big data hub project, complete the integration of member transactions and online behavioral data, and build a unified platform for the management of member data; enhance precision operations and marketing capabilities, actively improve price integration, enhance non-price marketing, optimize online commodity structures, create branding activities or pop
Thematic activities; further integration of on-line operations with clients (including apps, applets, websites) and further optimization of online platform functionality to effectively enhance business efficiency on-line and consumer use experiences; acceleration of the construction and construction of fine poles; steady and orderly promotion of priority projects by companies in 2023; 1) tax exemption for Sanya International
(b) Three phases of the design of the Sanya International Free City and the construction of the earth; and (c) the Seagate International Free City project, which achieved the main structural capping of the land block, a centralized delivery of the land block, the completion of the site's inspection, and the planned orderly advancement of the other plots.
(b) Supply chain management: companies optimized warehouse layouts throughout Hainan, improved warehouse logistics operations, optimized single-manufacture operating processes and enhanced single-manufacturing efficiency;
Improvement of the digital platform for assembly officers, procurement distribution, big data, etc., to enhance the level of digital operation; 4) retailing: continuous enhancement of staff service upgrading training and improvement of customer-centred, market-oriented and efficient management service systems; 5) marketing promotion: deep corporate involvement in the digest, China brand fair, tfwa Asia Pacific exhibition
Industry events, such as fairs, focused on key marketing nodes, the implementation of the Middle and Free Nations New Deal, and the sustained optimization of the General Assembly membership system, which has reached more than 32 million members. Looking ahead, we see the performance elasticity of improved profitability and recovery in consumption:
In terms of sales: 1) 23 years of weak consumption and counter-purchases, duty-free passenger unit prices and shopping rates have either reached the bottom of Hainan Island, while the opening of Bay Bay Bay C is still on the slope, and the new seaport stores are expected to be more resilient as consumption is repaired. 2) In the context of a sustained recovery in the flow of incoming and outgoing visitors, the entire offline duty-free shop is still in a state of climb.
Good operations, with several successful exit-free channels, are expected to jointly drive higher sales. (Property end: 1) On-boarding and start-up rent relief is expected to yield profit returns; (ii) Continued narrow discounts and optimized business structures are expected to boost the Māori rate further.) Stock structure optimizes asset impairment losses are expected to increase.
The valuation dimension, low tax rates after the closure of the whole island or the risk of increased competition and lower profitability is a nuclear factor in the suppression of devaluability, suggesting that attention be paid to the effective catalytic effect of marginal changes in the closure policy on devalued devalues.
In 24 years, income end-of-life growth plus port shop recovery, profit end rent relief plus Māori rates are expected to be further optimized together to drive off-performance; in the medium to long term, it is clear that Hainan and China have a competitive advantage and that the tax-free sector is expected to show considerable elasticity at the top of the economic cycle; and, given the effective catalytic effect of the marginal changes in the closure policy on the valuation, China is still being recommended as a priority.
1) Policy risks: The duty-free sector is more sensitive to policy changes if the policy changes are greater or if they result in increased market competition in the duty-free sector: if the country is to ease market access conditions in the duty-free sector in the future, market competition in the duty-free sector will be increased (3)) consumption weakness: if consumption is persistently weak, or will affect the demand for duty-free consumption by the population.
In 2022, he joined the CSDS as Deputy General Manager of the Research and Development Centre. In 2021, he was awarded the second place in the new Bosunty Zero and Social Services Group, and in November 2022 he joined the CSSS.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science, Champagne, University of Illinois, Bachelor of Economics, University of Finance and Economics Southwest, joined the Sindha New Consumer Corps in November 2022.
In January 2023, Lim Ling joined the Sindha New Consumers Group, which covers mainly cosmetics and medical beauty. Zhang Honghamin, a Master of Financial Science, a Bachelor of Economics, a new Sindha Consumers Group in July 2023, which covers a non-consensual and non-consensual component, will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.