Annual Report 2023 and Quarterly Review 2024: Performance meets expectations, looks forward to internationalization and a return to profitability.
In 2023, the company’s market position was strong in terms of sub-products: (1) mechanical excavation: revenue.
The country and region, Europe and the United States, have become the fastest growing region overseas, selling overseas sub-areas in 2023.
The company's profits can increase significantly, and we'll judge the main thing.
Review: q3 income meets expectations, profit-side remittances: (1) product structure optimized, high Maori medium- and large-ton product share increased; (2) internationalization was advanced slightly, and overseas profits were higher than domestic and continuously rising. For the future, companies still have markets abroad.
Looking forward to maintaining high growth, combined with the impact of bottom-heating in the domestic market and the three main factors of efficiency gains, profitability is expected to pick up. In 2023, the corporate repayment rate was 99.38 per cent, maintaining a better level of repayment. Net corporate cash flows in the first quarter of 2023 and 2024 amounted to $5.744 billion.
On April 4, 2024, the company proposed to launch an employee holding scheme with a size of no more than $592 million.
This scheme offers an incentive of some 6972 persons, including 9 directors or 3.46%, and 96.54% middle management and core staff.
▪ Engineering machinery: The expected double-cycle resonance of the large-scale equipment upgrade plus industry itself is estimated at about 18,500 excavators (including exports) in April 2024, a decline of about 1.5% in the same year, and an improvement in the decline in the ring ratio.
Looking ahead, the pressure on the base of engineering machinery in the second quarter has diminished, and industry data is expected to continue to warm. The previous round of engineering machinery has a maximum life cycle of 2016-2020, with the equipment sold in the previous round already in a period of large-scale replacements, large-scale equipment upgrades, etc.
The series of policies has contributed to the recovery of the industry and is expected to usher in a “large-scale equipment upgrade plus the industry itself” double profit projection and investment rating: given the uncertainty of the pace of recovery of the industry cycle, strategic re-engineering, a firm view of the company's long-term growth, and a “buy-in” rating.
Three financial forecasting tables for three heavy jobs: Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.