On 30 August, the Official Gazette of Huanko published a semi-annual report of $7-90 billion in losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $9,852 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies in the first half of the year and $9,879 million in the same period in 2023.
The semi-annual report explains this as: (1) the size of real estate development projects and the Māori rate have declined significantly. During the reporting period, the stock of current and quasi-current houses was significantly reduced. The majority of these projects consisted of land acquired before 2022, with higher land acquisition costs, followed by continued market downs during the marketing phase, and sales and Māori rates were lower than expected, leading to a high gross Māori settlement during the reporting period.
In addition, in the first half of the year, the clearing income for the development business was $11,668 million, a 34.6 per cent decrease in the same year; the closure of the development business was set at $2.10 billion (including $170 million in non-collaborative items). In addition, credit impairment losses were raised against some receivables.
For (1) the pre-sale system in our country has resulted in a generally two-year time lag in real estate sales and hand-over settlements, which, taking into account the time that land has been acquired to pre-collect, may be extended to around 2.5 to 3 years, so that the high-priced land must remain unaltered at the time of the fall in house prices. According to the Statistical Office, the price index for the sale of new houses in the 70th-middle-city city in July 2024.
Only four cities (Thaihara, Shanghai, Xian, Gilling) did not fall and only two cities (Shanghai, Xian) did not fall in the same year: only six cities (Tianjin, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Chengdu, Xian, Sanya) did not fall in the previous seven months, and Vanko would still have to digest its “high-price” position if the housing prices failed to recover.
For (2). The same reason is due to the fall in house prices, the amount of $1.92.8 billion for stock falls (the combined reporting level falls, and for reasonableness, more detailed project information is required, but preliminary judgement can also be made in terms of changes in house prices. $81 million, the vast majority of which is for other receivables, is not possible because specific receivables are not disclosed.
To judge whether the plan is reasonable, but the sharp increase is consistent with the industry’s situation, after all, there are few private housing companies left without thunder, and the damage to the cooperative project is not expected to be low. For (4) what should be done, in a difficult situation, the faster cash flow of recovery is much more than avoiding the so-called book losses.
Important, and possibly linked to debt sales in asset transactions, is also good for reducing the pressure on repayment.2 The combination of parent losses and minority shareholder earnings is a stand-alone story by Vanko: the first half of the year was affected by the decline in the size of the settlement and the Māori rate of the project, the company and the minority shares.
There has been a significant decline in profits at the project level in East (i.e., partners) where the net profits of the group ' s interests have been lost, while the gains and losses of the minority shareholders remain positive, mainly because the gains and losses of the minority shareholders reflect only the profits of the partners at the project company level, while the net profits of the group ' s interests, in addition to the sum of the profits at the project company level in proportion to the equity shares, have to be excluded from the listing.
Costs at the division level, as well as consideration of the impact of investment gains and losses, asset transactions, etc., such as depreciation amortization based on cost, non-project-level interest charges, expenses, etc. For individual cooperation projects, the level of return on profits is in line with changes in the shares of the partners.
The profits of the project do not represent the profits of the listed company, and the costs at the non-project level are significant, such as the financial costs of the listed company, which amounted to $1,314 million, of which interest expenditure amounted to $4,195 million (another interest income of $2,476 million) and the depreciation of assets.
More detailed information, which is more relevant to the assessment of off-the-shelf obligations, is discussed above in terms of the calculation of inventory price decline preparedness, where the structure of the inventory can be seen directly from the stock surplus at the end of June 2024.
In the first half of 2024, 9.395 million square metres of sales were achieved, a 27.6 per cent decrease in the same year, with sales of $12.733 billion, cash acquisition and sale of dependent assets, but not sufficient to cover the net outflow of operating and financing resources, in the amount of $4,976 million (another year in 2020, $1,159 million).
There have also been positive developments in innovative instruments such as reits and pre-reit funds, which have opened a wide range of asset-trading routes. Of these, print groups have completed the release of 3260 million yuan in business infrastructure reits; and guaranteed rental housing.
Reits and logistics warehousereits are in the process of filing; ten thousand rent pre-reit funds have been established to expand the Guangzhou project; and a fee-free pre-reit fund has been established. The contraction of investment in the sale of assets and the accumulation of investments has led to a good return on investment activities.
Overall, cash flows back on investment did not cover the net outflows of investments and financing, and the cash and current financing statement for the first half of 2024 (as at 30 June 2024) showed a decline of more than half, but interest-bearing debt also increased by $62.56 billion, adding up changes in the industry.
In the first half of the year, total interest expenditure amounted to $6.80 billion, assuming that business and investment returns would meet interest expenditures (which had actually not been done for a year in the last three years, with a marked gap), and debt still depended on borrowing new and old debts.
Bonds still need to be “deep-downed” by banks. Status of Twanko bond repayments (billion yuan)
This compares with an increase of $10.5 billion in output, an increase of $8.2 billion in fixed assets and an increase of $5.8 billion in receivables, and shows that over the last three years, the list of 10,000 cases has been reduced mainly to projects, and from a simple comparison of data, the proceeds from the sale of the projects have not even been sufficient to pay the dues, while the book balance has been reduced by hundreds of billions, while interest-bearing liabilities have increased.
Sixty-two-six billion dollars, the result of which is a rise in interest-bearing debt. Of course, the shares of listed companies for the period totalled $33.8 billion, but not enough. So, who's the beneficiary of the list?
During the first half of the year, three new projects were acquired, with a master plan containing 246,000 square metres of space and an equity plan containing 199,000 square metres of surface, with a total land price of 1.02 billion yuan, a total land value of approximately 780 million yuan, and an average land price of approximately 8,596,000 square metres for new projects, with a total of 39.0 per cent of the planned area for the beginning of the year.
In 2023, the size of the land, the size of the rights, the amount of the rights and the average price were 43, 33.33 million square metres, 46.32 billion yuan and 13,899 square metres, respectively, mainly before the end of August (32, 2.676 million square metres, $4.310 billion and $16,003 square metres).
According to the Bureau of Statistics, Shenyang dropped the price index for the new house in the month of July by about 4%, and Xu County had a total of 82.13 million square metres of construction area in the same projects under construction and planning as at the end of June 2024.
In addition, the Group has been involved in a number of projects to upgrade the old city, totalling approximately 3,739,000 square metres, in accordance with the current planning conditions.
At the end of 2023, the building area and the proposed construction area were 37.272 million square metres and 20.809 million square metres, respectively, and at the end of June 2023, 46.604 million square metres and 22.07 million square metres, respectively. As can be seen, the construction area continues to decline, but the planning changes are modest.
There is enough, but the semi-annual report does not disclose the composition of the earth's reserves. From the regional distribution of sales, the long triangles and bead triangles are the dominant sales composition, with total sales amounting to nearly 60%, plus the Beijing region, with three major areas accounting for more than 70%.
Vanko sales in the first half of 2024 Province Lin; China Central region includes Hubei Province, Henan Province, Hunan Province, Jiangxi Province; South Region includes Guangdong Province, Fujian Province, Hainan Province, Guangxi Autonomous Region; Shanghai Region includes Shanghai City, Anhui Province, Jiangsu Province, Zhejiang Province; North-West Region includes Shaanxi Province, Gansu Province, Ningxia Autonomous Region, Qinghai Province, Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region
The south-west region includes Sichuan Province, Chongqing City, Guizhou Province, Yunnan Province; others include Hong Kong, New York, San Francisco, Seattle. Belt&ros 2023 report discloses the stock at the end of 2023 (the intended full-calibre accommodation area) to consist of 2024.
In contrast to the regional distributions in the first half of the year, where the share of earth reserves was very intuitive, the share of sales was low, while the major contribution of sales was the shortage of soil reserves, particularly in the Shanghai region, where the need for replenishment was more direct.
The above comparison shows that, overall, the total amount of earth reserves is sufficient, but there is a mismatch with the sales, and that there is a clear shortage of soil reserves in the top contributing areas, while there is an insufficient contribution from the rich areas. Structural differences have resulted in negative effects on existing earth reserves in the 10,000 areas and a decrease in the value of the assets deposited; on the other hand, there is still a need for continued investment to guarantee cash flows for sale.
It's certainly more difficult at the height of the debt. From this point of view, the warming of the low-energy regions is vital for the population.
7.78 percentage points; income from real estate development, including related asset operations, was $12.399 billion, down by the same year; details show that the All-Men-Cloud realized business income of $17.63 billion (including income from services provided to the Huanco Group) by 9.5 per cent more than the same year, of which revenues from community space-based consumer services amounted to $10.15 billion, or 57.6 per cent, or 11.5 per cent; businesses and corporations increased by 11.5 per cent.
Income from integrated urban space services amounted to RMB 6,08 billion, or 34.5 per cent, an increase of 7.0 per cent over the same period; alot and bpaas solution services amounted to RMB 1,4 billion, or 7.9 per cent, or 5.9 per cent over the same period; in the first half of the year, the cloud acquired 221 new residential services with a saturated income of RMB 1,276 million; and at the end of June, the cloud served a total of 2,382 projects with a total of 2,804 contractual projects.
In the first half of the year, belt&roadorgin realized an operating income of 1.73 billion yuan, an increase of 5.3 per cent over the same period; in Beijing, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Chengdu and other cities, 15,000 new sources of housing were found, of which 12,000 were expanded in one line of cities.
80.6 per cent, with a net increase of 0.33 million; by the end of June, 242,000 rental rental housing units were operated in 29 cities throughout the country, with a cumulative total of 183,000 open, with a rent rate of 95.2 per cent; the project front desk went to close to 90 per cent and remained a leader; and single house operating costs fell by 13.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In the first half of the year, 197 commercial projects (excluding light assets export management projects) were accumulated in Huanko and 11.6 million square metres of construction area: 2,249 million square metres of planned and ongoing commercial projects were built, of which 71 commercial projects (excluding light assets export management projects) were accumulated in print power and 6,652,000 square metres of construction: planned and ongoing commercial projects were constructed
The construction of 7.14 million square metres; operating income from commercial operations (including non-scheduled items) was $4.59 billion, representing an increase of 6.7 per cent over the same period, of which operating income from Indian-managed commercial projects was $2.71 billion, representing an overall rental rate of 94.2 per cent, which was essentially the same.
One hundred million yuan, a 6.0 per cent decline in the same year; 880 million yuan in operating income from the cold chain (excluding supply chain operations), an increase of 8.4 per cent in the same year; and a new 10,000 square metres, of which 8,493,000 square metres of building space are leased from the high price bank, 85 per cent for the stabilization period, 1.46 million square metres for the cold chain, and 74 per cent for the stabilization period.
And, above, other Vanko operations are bright, but they do not affect the essence, or, more accurately, the limited contribution to resolving short-term debt pressures, which is important for long-term operations. The whole community is living in “tight times,” so what about Vanko?
Changes in sales collections and fees resulted in a 35.48 per cent decrease in sales collections in the first half of 2024, a 3.00 per cent increase in fee-based interest (net of capitalization) in sales costs and a 8.41 per cent decrease in depreciation charges; in addition, a 11.23 per cent decrease in cash paid to and paid to employees and a 31.60 per cent decrease in taxes paid to employees in the same year.
See, as opposed to sales returns, there seems to be not so much money to pay for 10,000. And proofords other operations are bright, and the sale of assets and new financing continues to advance, but cash flows continue to weigh on, selling and selling.
The pressure is still high, the land storage and sales mismatches are still in place, the repayment of interest-bearing debt is dependent on borrowing new and old, and even the contractions are accompanied by an increase in interest-bearing debt, a weakening of the maturity structure, banks moving ahead with the weight of the bonds, bonds for the year, but next year remains a serious test, and bonds are still needed in combination with operating costs and the size of interest spending.
“Back in the road.” Of course, the optimism is that sales in low-level regions are warming up significantly, and the problem is probably no longer difficult, but what are the chances of optimism being realized?
♪ Toursecondortain beetsroadorder ant&roadorder ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.