S.S.C.R.D. $N 939 for supply, R.A. 1618 for retail sale, R.S. 1199 for supply, R.A. 969 for supply.
This year, the main task of the five grains will be to raise the price of the core product P5 by a 20% reduction, with several price increases to be achieved by controlling the speed of the shipment.
The end-of-service price was adjusted from $829/bottle at the beginning of February 2017 to the current $1099/bottle, with a cumulative increase of $270/bottles. The base terminal cost exceeded $1,500 and the price difference between the five grain fluids is widening.
After this price increase, the five grain fluids will return to the 1,000-dollar price band to show firm corporate confidence. The current price of the five batches is stable at around $800-820, the final retail price has steadily increased, the channel has been smoothed, and the distributor's profits have been restored to a reasonable level.
Next year, P5 is expected to show a high performance rate. The company has been able to overhaul its product price system this year, while at the same time expanding its marketing power, expanding its sales outlets, increasing the number of special stores, and pushing down channels and fine-tuning its operations. The corporate department has largely solved the long-sustained problems of access and prices under the new steel wrists, and will open up new ones next year.
According to an open exchange of feedback, the company is expected to spend more on P5 next year, thereby dispelling concerns about the market’s inability to do more. Next year, the high-end white wine is still on the scene, and we look at the company’s performance as it rises.
We think that this round is more emotional and irrelevant to the fundamentals. At the moment, the industry is still in a benign state of operation, as can be seen from pipeline stock and terminal price performance. We continue to look at the investment opportunities for the whiteboard.
The timing has given us a chance to get back in the car. High-end white wine growth is certain, high-performance expectations are high, taking into account next year’s double-performance valuation and firm long-term holdings.1 Assuming that the white wine industry continues to recover, high-end white wine scenes are high, low-end terminal prices are stable at $1,500 per bottle, and
2- Assuming that the company’s core product, P5 continues to move up to a $1,000 price band in 2018, with a volume of 3, and that the company’s liquor series will continue to grow rapidly over the next three years. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.