Long-term competitiveness rating: above industry average, five grain fluids achieved business income of $21,978 million in the first three quarters, compared with 24.17 per cent in the previous quarter; they were placed on the public market.
The net profit of the division was $6,965 million, or +36.53 per cent. In the three quarters alone, $6,356 million, or +43.03 per cent, of the operating income of the five grains; the net profit of the listed company was $1,993 million, or +64.12 per cent. The cash received in the previous three quarters for the supply of goods and services was $21,957 million, compared with operating income.
Billion dollars, equal to +43.03%, big supermarket expectations. The market is worried about the pressure on the end of the five grains, due to three quarters of the past, but according to the end of the statement, the five grains have been restored through new offers + price increases + plus 1.
This negative impact has been effectively resolved by fast advance receipts. The balance at the end of the three quarters was $4,926 billion, which benefited in volume terms from the strained poo stock from the second to the beginning of the third quarter, the fast and high volume of liquid end-of-food sales, and an objective boost to the arrival of goods at the beginning of the three quarters, mainly by mid-August.
3. "Access to the countdown " , concerned with deep port traffic - then to the Mid-Autumn Bi-Sevents, when the puppies began to press down on prices, and the liquidized sale of the five grains began to be influenced more clearly, although the overall volume is still expected to increase, considering the new offers.
At the same time, in February of the beginning of the year, the company also offered 1618 and a cup of cards.
In general, the contribution of prices has been significant since this year, with higher rates of Māori, lower rates of cost, higher taxes and higher rates of profit elasticity: benefiting from many price increases since last year, the Māori rate for the company as a whole increased from 0.98 ppt to 71.11% in the previous three quarters, but three quarters.
The Māori ring ratio has declined since the beginning of the year, but the overall Māori rate has remained upwards; at the same time, the company ' s current rates have been kept under control and accumulated in the previous three quarters, where consumption taxes have had a relatively larger impact on the Quasi policy, and the previous three quarters, where the LWL and the surcharges have been higher.
A large increase of 70 per cent, far exceeding the increase in income, drives higher tax rates (up from +2.86 ppt to 10.60 per cent). And in the third quarter alone, tax and surcharges account for more than 14 per cent of income, covering almost the full scale of the consumption tax.
As a result, net interest rates for companies increased by 3.13 ppt to 33.06% in the last three quarters, as a result of improvements in Māori rates and cost rates that were significantly higher than tax rates. The trend is expected to continue throughout the year, and this year ' s performance is expected to continue to show higher profit rates than revenue.
In particular, the high sales cost base in the second half of the year also objectively provides an opportunity for high profit-end growth in the second half of the year. There is uncertainty about the scale-up, and there is optimism about the matter: the company started off in July of 15 years.
As China’s White and Wine industry leader, the Bureau’s reform has been a milestone in the effort to bind employees and companies in a non-public manner.
The mechanism will be effective in compensating for the fluids. However, the validity of the additional approvals will be from mid-November to mid-November, with only about three weeks remaining, so there will still be some analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.