In January and September, the company achieved business income of $21,977 million by issuing a three-quarter report for 2017 on a net gain of 64 per cent in the first quarter of the 3q quarter.
A 24.17% increase in the same year; a net profit of $6.965 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 36.53% in the same year, meets expectations. Driven by the high profile of the medium- and high-end white wine industry and the low retail price differentials at the Pawn Five end, we believe that the company ' s performance is expected to continue to grow at a faster rate, with revenues of 311 expected in 2017 and 2018, respectively.
The company published three-quarterly reports in 2017, which generated cumulative revenues of $21,977 million in January-September, increasing the net profit of the city's shareholders by $1,993 million, an increase of 64.12 per cent, higher than expected. The Māori rate was 69.77 per cent in the first quarter, a decrease of 0.7 percentage points in the same period.
In January-September 2017, the country produced 995.9 million litres, a 6.1 per cent increase in the demand for high-end white wine.
The company's marketing pipelines have begun to show results, with penalties being imposed twice in September-October for violating dealers, with institutional investors accounting for a share of the circulation, regulating the market, strengthening market management, and a clear intention to increase the premium.
The final retail price is between $900 and $1,000, and the market price difference with the Mautai wine is still large, and the alternative effect is still there. (4) We expect the fixed increment to land by the end of the year, and the interests of companies, employees and distributors will be more closely tied.
Figure 1: Table of changes in the quarterly collection and net profit of the five grains: expected remuneration of millions (expected return; er), as follows: This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.