Leveraging needs, exceeding expectations, Mahobo, publishing three quarterly reports on the five grains, generating $21.98 billion from 1-3q, compared to +24.2 per cent; net return to the mother
Rendering of $6.97 billion, +36.5 per cent of the year. 3q17 generated $6.36 billion, +43 per cent of the year; net repatriation of the mother, 1.99 billion yuan, +64.1 per cent of the year.
3q revenue exceeded expectations, and the season accelerated to confirm the high demand for high-end alcohol, with a combination of 3q17 revenues of $6.36 billion, +43%, overmarket expectations.
Five-end sales have actually increased by the same amount, and the trend is clear with 3q-q-q-ray accelerated release. We believe that 3-quarter pows are almost twice as high as they are in 3-quarters.
The price difference between the dollar and the price of certification is large enough, so that Mao's judgment on the price of the batch of the five grains is not so severe, and the solidity of the high-end alcohol consumption base is further validated; 3) the reforms are beginning to bear fruit, with the “Handshop + Smaller Business in the Hundred Cities” becoming a powerful new engine for lifting up the volume. 6.2 After the New Deal, grass roots research shows a single line of cities.
The process is well under way, with microbarrel reporting 55 new people in the southwest marketing centre, and small businesses have been in place since June, giving a strong boost to the release of P5 and upper product + series q3.
Easily digestive judgment. The company has been raising the consumer tax base since May 1, and the five-food liquid tax base in the consumer tax assessment should be adjusted at the same time, without a single reference to the expected high of 12% in the market, the performance of internal and external benefits, and the expected performance of the 3q season is expected to continue to exceed expectations.
The tight supply of 4q huts has once again created the best external environment for the five grain fluids. From the beginning of the year, we have seen an acceleration of 1.2q income + easy digestion of consumption.
Brand power - thousands of shops in hundreds of counties, upgrading brand power through marketing reforms. 2) Channel power - small businesses, 2.05 grains: Consumable taxes can be easily digested and the interests of core distributors can be confused. 3) Product power - implementing the 1+3+5 strategy, making it a top five.
Product + Series of wine cores. 4) Internal dives - Lee Jong-gwang has repeatedly proposed the concept of "second start-up" in conjunction with a comparison of five grain fluids and poo-top operating efficiency analysis, with a huge amount of depth in five grain fluids, 3.5 grain fluids: price increases are huge and mixed.
The external environment is strong + the end demand is strong + the five-food fluids themselves are gradually improving to deliver performance, and performance is expected to continue to exceed expectations.
Cheap, 17-year white wine, $3.68 with a reasonable p25-28x for 18 years, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.