Management efficiency has improved, and performance is expected to continue to increase significantly — three-quarterly three-quarterly review of five grains (000858) in 2017, with 24.17 per cent increase compared to 24.17 per cent; net return to mothers, $6.965 billion, with 36.53 per cent increase compared to the third quarter.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved $21,978 million, an increase of 24.17 per cent; in the third quarter, the net return to the mother was $6,965 million, an increase of 36.53 per cent. In the third quarter, the operating income was $6,356 million, an increase of 43.03 per cent; and in the third quarter, the return was net.
In the first two quarters of the year, profits increased by 23.77 per cent and 40.14 per cent respectively. In three quarters, the advance was $4.926 billion, a significant improvement in management efficiency compared to the same period last year, and the product structure is expected to continue to improve.
The share of corporate management costs in revenue fell from 9.12 per cent in the previous three quarters to 7.34 per cent in the same period last year. Management costs improved.
Brands are high-end positioning, and core brand competitiveness is enhanced. For a series of wines, companies will refine their products, focusing on building a single product of more than 1 billion grades, phasing out products that are market-oriented and of lower value, and the product structure is expected to be optimized.
In February of this year, the Five Grain Liquids Company made adjustments to the new five grain fluids, the recommended terminal price for 1618 and the recommended retail price. The 1618 grain fluids were sold at a wholesale price of no less than $819/bottle, the retail price of 919/bottle, the price of the "P5" mall was adjusted to $809/bottle, and the retail price of 899/bottle.
In addition, companies are phasing out market-based products, and retaining a niche single item provides the basis for companies to continue to raise prices. Companies are expected to continue to raise prices for some of their products during the year, and are expected to move to a stage of high price growth in the future, with high annual performance.
The company is expected to benefit from higher consumption and higher concentration in the industry. It is expected to sell new products less than expected, end-course development less than expected, and food safety.
Chan Berdu, Master of Technology in Economics, Beijing Transport University, 2012 Allies Democratic Securities Institute, researched light and listed companies. Wang Ling, Head of Agroforestry and Livestock Fisheries and Food and Beverage Industry, Master of Accounting, Central University of Finance and Finance. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined the Civil Certificate in 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective and impartial, and the conclusions are not subject to any third party’s approval or influence.