In the age of digital intelligence, the hard-tech poles have opened.
- Ultraviolet shares (000938.sz) depth report - hard technology gold mining series (1) - 31 October 2021
In the age of digital intelligence, hard technology has broken out, and the digital economy has driven the long-term growth of ict investments, the domestic ict market pattern has been reshaped to open up new spaces, and the purple shares, "Croat, Cloud, Net, Edge" , have become more competitive.
Purple shares (000938), which have become the key underpinnings of current economic development, are the core of the heart building blocks that support the intellectual transformation of businesses, and have long benefited from the development of the digital age. Purple shares revolve around the "digital brain."
It is strategic to achieve a deep layout of the Xinhua chain through two major major operations and five core subsidiaries: 1) chips: Xinhua 3-and-a-half conductors self-research high-end network equipment chips, which drive a continuous increase in profitability; 2) cloud computing: Xinhua 3 and purple clouds provide public clouds,
Private cloud, mixed cloud multiplicity of solutions, full-line coverage of cloud computing products; 3) network and its equipment: companies are core competitive in the areas of switchboards, routers, servers, etc., and with China ' s purely soft focus, the market share of companies is expected to increase continuously: 4) network security: national weight
In view of the development of cybersecurity, corporate network competition is strong; 5) commercial terminals: a smart strategy of “alin aii” is being pursued to build digital enabling links for a global picture.
As China focuses on pure soft, we see Xinhua's share of domestic ict equipment has increased since the second quarter of this year. Companies have accumulated in the political market, and in recent years have been expanding to high-end and overseas markets, rising in the operator's market, and Xinhua III.
The major product lines, such as end exchanges, routers, bras, and artificial intelligence servers, have continued to break; through the “one-way” policy, overseas markets have been speeded up and overseas branches have been established in seven countries, and 572 overseas partners have been certified.
Short-term Catalysing: The Group’s debt crisis is expected to be resolved with the introduction of battles to raise corporate valuations. On October 18, under the auspices of Beijing’s Middle House I, the first creditors’ meeting of seven enterprises, including the Purple Group, was held, with a total of seven interested investors registered as of the cut-off date.
We believe that, as a leader in the field of ict, purple shares and subsidiaries under the flag have complete and competitive industrial chains, the introduction of this war offer is expected to resolve properly the group debt problem, and to remove business uncertainty, boost market confidence, and facilitate further resource consolidation by companies.
The development of a “digital brain” strategy, with further market breakthroughs, is expected to lead to an increase in valuations. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies are home-grown ict hard-tech leading companies with complete “coon-net-side-end-core” industrial chains, sustained in high-end and overseas markets of operators in recent years.
A breakthrough has been made, and we look forward to the competitiveness and long-term development of companies in the digital economy era. Risk factors are expected: cloud computing is not growing as expected, operator clouds are calculating investment less as expected, 5g are developing less as expected, and the corporate debt crisis is not being resolved as expected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In the industrial 4.0 era, 5g and digital science and technology drove the acceleration of the digital economy, adding the global goal of “carbon neutrality”, intellectualization became a central driver of the productivity of enterprises, and the intellectual transformation was strongly supported by national policies, an unstoppable trend of certainty, and investments in ict were the cornerstone of the construction of the digital economy as a whole. Purple shares revolved around “numbers”.
The brain's "intelligent strategy, dedicated to the "Key-Cloud-Web-End" ict whole-industry chain layout, is a leading force in the digital transformation of our economy: 1) In the short term: as China becomes purely soft focus, the pattern of domestic equipment dealers is expected to be reshaped, the market share of the purple light will gradually increase; the release of self-research chips, the growth of the purple cloud, and the resolution of the group's debt problems will lead.
In the long run, purple light is the linchpin of the ict whole industry chain layout, breaking power around the three main markets of “government, high-end operators, overseas markets” and fully enjoying the dividends of the intellectual generation and long-term cross-cutting growth.
The digital economy drives long-term growth of ict investments, domestic ict market patterns are reshaping to open new spaces, and purple shares – “cyborg-clouds-net-side” – have become more competitive at the core of the entire industry. The digital economy has become a key underpinning of current economic development, with ict technologies as the core building block for the intellectual transformation of enterprises, benefiting from the development of the digital age in the long term.
The "Digital Brain" smart strategy, through two major operations and five core subsidiaries, enables the "Key-Cown-Web-End" industry-wide deep-chain layout: 1) Chip: Xinhua 3-and-a-half conductor self-research of high-end network equipment chips, driving continued profitability; 2) Cloud computing: Xinhua 3 and Purple Clouds provide public, private cloud, mixed cloud multiple solutions to achieve clouds
Compute full-line product coverage; 3) network and int equipment: companies are nuclearly competitive in the areas of switchboards, routers, servers, etc., and the company's market share is expected to increase continuously with China's focus on pure softness; 4) network security: state emphasis on safety in the network and firm network competition is strong; 5) commercial terminals: implementation of the alinall smart strategy, committed to
Three major markets, namely, “Governments, Operators, Overseas Markets,” have come together to reshape the digital age’s ict field. With China’s focus on pure soft, we have seen a rise in the share of Xinhua’s domestic ict equipment since the second quarter of this year.
(a) The Department has accumulated deep in the political and business markets and has gradually expanded in recent years to the high-end and overseas markets of operators, where Xinhua and Xinhua have been able to break through major product lines such as high-end exchanges, routers, bras, artificial intelligence servers, etc.;
572 overseas partners: short-term catalytic: the group debt crisis is expected to be resolved, and the launch is expected to raise company valuations. On October 18, under the auspices of the Mejlis of Beijing, the first creditors meeting for the substantive consolidation of seven enterprises, including the Purple Group, was held as of the date of registration.
By the end of the day, seven investors of interest had signed up. We believe that, as a leader in the ict field, the purple shares and the flag companies have a complete and market-competitive industrial chain, the introduction of this campaign is expected to resolve the group debt problem properly and to eliminate business uncertainty, boost market confidence, and facilitate further integration of resources by companies and promote the “digital brain” war.
A slight development and a further breakthrough in the market is expected to lead to an increase in valuations. First, it's an industry-wide chain layout, with the digital era king 1.1 building a “digital brain” and a digital transformation leader.
Purple Light Inc. is a Chinese high-techa stock listed in the main information electronics industry, launched in 1999 by Qinghua Purple (Governance Group). The company is currently working on the whole industry chain layout of the H-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-A-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-A-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-A-N-N-N-N-A-N-N-N-N-N-N-A-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-A-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-A-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-A-N-N-N-N-E-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-A-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-A-A-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-N-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-
With its full depth, it has become a provider of services for the entire industrial chain that combines the development, construction, operation, and maintenance of modern information systems, and has been a leader in the transformation of our digital economy. Purple shares provide the depth of the entire industry chain through two major major businesses and five core subsidiaries.
The “two main camps” include ict infrastructure and services and supply chain services for the delivery of its products; the “five core subsidiaries” are Xinhua III, Purple Cloud, Purple Digital, Purple Software and Purple Western Numbers, of which Xinhua has its own product lines, Purple Clouds, Purple Software, Purple Western Numbers, etc., make up ict infrastructure and services, Purple Digital and Xinhua.
The agent Hewlett-Packard’s distribution business consists of a purple share in the distribution of it.In two major operations, ict infrastructure and services include digital infrastructure, cloud and smart platforms, active security and transport, which have grown rapidly since the acquisition of Xinhua III, with operating revenues amounting to $18,757 million in the first half of 2021.
This compares to 28.03 per cent growth, or 61 per cent, and is a core component of the “digital brain” strategy; the distribution and supply chain service is a continuation of the company's traditional business of providing integrated marketing services to well-known domestic IT producers such as Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Unions, Samsung and Huatsu, which has a relatively low and declining share but still supports corporate growth as a whole.
Figure 1: UV shares, two major business ventures, five major subsidiaries, deep layout, ict infrastructure and services, and distribution of its products and supply chain services
Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xiao Xiao Xin Xin Xian Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xian Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin
● Smart storage and smart terminal and proxy Hewlett-Packard operations
● Actively secure hpe server, hpe storage for clouds and intelligence
Purple Digital (100 per cent share, established in 2006) • “UV Clouds and Smart Business Groups” — the distribution solution in 2020
The City of Wisdom, Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Union, Xinhua, Cisco, Sam-Star, public clouds, private clouds, mixed clouds.
• Industrial Internet — Smart Logistics for the industries of t, chip, communications, precision instruments and gas formulations
Purple software (100% shareholding, established in 2001) Whole industry chain layout for one-stop logistics solutions
• Micro-enterprise finance — in collaboration with Xinhua Santung, Purple Clouds, Purple micro-credit, Purple-light credit
:: Software development Purple light (51 per cent share, established in 2016) Internet lending, finance leasing, commercial factoring and trade finance
• Core storage technology — big data whole-of-business chain services — enterprise-level storage solutions
As of the third quarter of 2021, the company's first shareholder was the Tibetan Purple Communication Investment Company Ltd., with 46.45 per cent of the shares; the Tibetan Purple Communication was 100 per cent of the shares, while Qinghua controlled 2.12 per cent of the shares through the Tibetan Lin Chi.
Together with the ict layout strategy, the core subsidiaries under the umbrella of the implementation of specific operations include Xinhua San (changes under the 1.2 “Cloud Services” strategy), the “Cloud-Web-End-Black” whole-sector chain layout. Purple shares, as core subsidiaries under the flag of the Purple Group, are the main carriers of the Group's “Cloud Services” strategy, passing through 20 years.
This year's change has been brought about by the reorganization of Xinhua San, Purple Digital, Purple Software, Purple Western Numbers and Purple Clouds through successive M&As, which now form a solid foundation for the construction of a smart digital platform for the "digital brain". 1) In 1988, Qinghua University set up its predecessor, Qinghua University Science and Technology Development Corporation.
In 1999, the Purple Light Group established the Qinghua Purple Company Ltd., whose main business is the development, manufacture and sale of computer input systems with scanners at its core, which was listed in November of the same year at the deep end of the market. Purple scanner operations grew at a high rate, with the national market accounting for 27.6% of the total. In 2000, the Qinghua shares became China’s 100-dollar equity king at a share price of 106 yuan.
The intense competition in the scanner market has led to a decline in profits, coupled with poor cost monitoring, a decrease of 131.2 per cent in the net profit of the share of purple to the mother and a loss of -024 million dollars.) The first “Cloud Services” strategy in 2013 was re-established by the Purple Shares Organization in 2002 to refocus the main business on information electronics.
In 2006, Qinghua Purple Co. Ltd. completed the stock-sharing reform and was renamed Purple Co. Ltd., which was the same year when purple digital units were split and built on the area of distribution. In 2013, the “Cloud Services” strategy was proposed, and the “Cloud-Net-End” industrial chain was fully constructed.
3) In 2016, the Xinhua III, Purple Digital and Purple Software Acquisitions were established. In March 2016, the company, in a joint venture with Western data, set up the Xinhuaxi Digital Company, with a total investment of $300 million and a registered fund of $158 million. Of this amount, the Xinhua shares contributed $8.58 million to 51% of the stock holdings. In May 2016, the company issued stocks in a non-public manner.
836 million shares raised $22.1 billion and successfully acquired 51 per cent of the Xinhua San stock, and fully held shares of purple digital and purple software. (4) In 2019, the purple shares re-issued the Digital Brain Project at the pilot summit, consisting of a model that can be summarized as "4+n", the "4" meaning "intelligent digital platform" and "n" representing the intellectual application ecology that was developed in conjunction with partners.
Digital platforms include Xinhua’s main digital infrastructure, active security, and unified dimensions; and clouds and smart platforms centred on purple clouds. Around the “digital brain” strategy, companies are increasingly investing in research and development, amounting to 2,191 million yuan in research and development in the first half of 2021, an increase of 17.38% over the same period, and ongoing M & As restructuring, especially for Xinhua.
In August 2018, Purple Cloud Technology Ltd. was established as an important component of the Cube Cloud Strategy. In April 2020, the Purple Light Group upgraded cloud and digitalization operations to the core of cloud grids and integrated new ones under the flag.
The China Three Group, Purple Cloud Technology Ltd., Guangqing Purple Mountain Science and Technology Ltd., and Purple Software Systems Limited have limited capacity to create a “violet cloud and intelligent enterprise” with a brand-new “violet cloud” that is market-oriented and oriented towards the development of the “coated plus intelligence” business.
Figure 4: The development of the purple shares has evolved from Xinhua III: born in China, Xinhua III: Xinhua III: born in China, Xinhua III. The country's ict leader was removed from the Xinhua 3com in 2003 and formed after Xinhua completed 51 per cent of the acquisition of the shares in 2016.
Reviewing the development of Xinhua III as a whole, it can be divided into three and threecom joint ventures, threecom, HP, and four stages of the current UV Holding. 1) China is a holding period: in 2003, in response to a lawsuit filed by Cisco, the head of the network communication industry, the U.S. Cybercommunications Market.
In 2006-2007, China transferred 2 per cent and 49 per cent of the 3com shares to 3com, with a full-fledged 3com subsidiary, and officially renamed China 3com.
“h3c.” In 2008, the US government blocked China’s acquisition of 3com on national security grounds. Hewlett-Packard Holdings: Hewlett-Packard bought 3com and 3c under the flag for $2.7 billion in 2009. H3c was stripped of a lot of business.
HP (hpinc.) and HP Enterprise (hpenterprise). 4) Purple holding period: In 2016, Xinhua acquired 51 per cent of H3c shares from Hewlett-Packard at $2.5 billion, became a three-member shareholder and formed the Xinhua Three Group. By the first half of 2021, Xinhua had grown into a domestic ict leader.
13,338 million yuan increased to 36,799 million yuan, 50.3 per cent of the purple shares to 61.63 per cent, combined up to a high speed of Xinhua III as the core company under the flag of the Purple Group, deep-drawing in the field of Xinhua, self-researching, publishing "Digital Brain 2021" to create a full-fledged smart digital platform. Xinhua's three-deep layout, "Cyce, Cloud, Net, End" is a whole-of-industry chain with chips,
Overall computing, storage, network, 5g, security, terminal and other full-scale digital infrastructure capabilities that provide one-stop digital solutions, including cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, industrial Internet, information security, smart connectivity, ai vision, margin computing, etc., and end-to-end technical services; and hpe servers, storage and technology services
China’s sole provider. Research and development workers now account for over 50% of the total number of patent applications, more than 90% of which are invention patents, the Xinhua Trinity Conductor, established in 2019, committed to the development of chips in the communications field, and its intellectual lyceum network processor already exists.
Production volumes were announced in July 2021, Xinhua Trinity Network equipment, which is a two-branding strategy for the Mt. Purple Xinhua Mountain: 1) exclusive succession to the business of hpe servers, storage and technical services; 2) Xinhua III ' s own brand servers, storage products and technical support services.
1.2.2 Other core subsidiaries: ict full-wire layout of operations, with a lot of flowering to help grow. According to the semi-annual report of Xinhua 2021, the net profit on Xinhua shares affected more than 10 per cent, including Xinhua San, violet numbers, purple software and purple clouds, of which the Xinhua cloud was completed and presented on 7 January 2021, with Xinhua's net profit on Xinhua's mother
Over 80.95 per cent of the total net profit from the top three is higher than year after year, from 81.43 per cent in 2016 to 2021 (h1 plus 1) UV Digital (Suzhou) Group Limited (UV) : head of distribution in the country. The UV Unit was formed in 2006 as an integrated supply chain service provider under the three operational units of the Purple Group.
For more than 20 years, Rootsit distribution has been accompanied by intelligent logistics, supply chain finance, and has been structured as a “one-stop” development strategy that provides one-stop and stereotypic solutions for upstream and downstream firms, channels, and industry customers in the supply chain. Purple digital numbers are important partners in China’s region, such as Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Union, Xinhua Sam, Cisco, and Sam-Sung.
One platform and 38 offices have purple-code branches, with more than 60 high-value warehouses in nearly 30 cities and a logistics network covering more than 600 cities.
From 15,546 million yuan to 23,931 million yuan, with an increase of 9,919 million yuan in 2021 (h1) and 0.5 per cent in the same year; Optimization of the collection structure, which is an indication of the continuous increase in the line of self-researched self-distribution products. 2) Purple Software Systems Limited (UVS): leading industry solutions in the country and an int service provider, established
On July 25, 2001, it was a fully-owned subsidiary of the Purple shares. The business covered software and technology development, digitalization strategy, consultancy and top-level design, integration and operation of digital platforms; and adherence to the “Focus+Synergy” development strategy: with nearly 15 branches and a network of marketing services throughout the country, focusing on the areas of education, the energy industry and science, technology and innovation, with internal synergies.
The Xinhua Three Group, the Purple Clouds, the Purple Western Data Group, etc., have been working with their partners. From a million yuan, 71% more than the same year; the net profit on maternity has remained largely stable, with a net profit on motherhood of 14 million yuan in 2021, and a total of 65 million yuan in 2020, representing 3.43% of the total year.
3) Purple Cloud Technology Ltd. (UVC): "Digital Brain" strategy core engine of the cloud and smart platform is a central part of the integration of post-UV cloud computing operations. The UVC was established on 2 August 2018, and in April 2020, the UVG upgraded cloud and digitalization operations to the core of cloud grids, integrating the Xinhua Tribe Group, Purple Cloud Technology Ltd.,
Chongqing Mt. Chi-An-Tech Ltd. and Purple-System Systems Ltd. set up a “violet cloud and intelligent enterprise” in the areas of privately owned clouds, public clouds, artificial intelligence, video cloud, software services, fully integrated at the technical, brand, market and service levels, market-oriented with a brand-new “violet cloud” and focused on public and business clients.
Combining clouds, located in cities and industries, and developing the "Cloud+Intelligent" business: the All-Back Cloud Service consists of three components: base services, platform services, and application services, providing 16 major categories of 300+ cloud service products, which were launched in 2021 to produce a purple cloud of 3.0 based on the violets and oasis platform. The Twilight Cloud completed its financial portfolio and table in January 2021, the first half of the year.
Current operating income of $392 million, an increase of 73.42 per cent over the same period, net profits attributable to the owner of the parent company - $25.994 million, sustained optimization of the 1.3-percent revenue structure, promising improvements in profitability, healthy capital structure 1.3.1-percent optimization and high growth in overseas markets
Focus on ict, Xinhua's 3-high growth aid purple shares are well developed. In 2013, the Xinhua shares defined a strategy for the development of Xinhua clothing, with a focus on the service area of Xinhua, with a compound increase of 25.2% in 2013-2015, and a combination of net profit for the mother. According to the sub-business, corporate revenue is divided mainly into ict infrastructure and services (a fast-growing business after Xinhua III).
The share of ict infrastructure and services operations continued to rise. Since the acquisition of Xinhua, the share of ict infrastructure and services operations grew from Xinhua to Xinhua from Xinhua to Xinhua to Xinhua to Xinhua.
Regionally, domestic and foreign markets have been steadily built, and international operations have gradually developed. In 2019, Xinhua III officially started using autonomous brands and channels to accelerate the opening of overseas markets, mainly for H3c brand exchanges, routers, wireless, etc.
By 2021, the coverage had expanded to more than 20 countries, with multi-sector breakthroughs in Malaysia, Russia, Turkey, Kazakhstan, Japan, Pakistan, Indonesia, Thailand and many other countries, including government, health, education, finance and energy, with 572 overseas partners certified and spare parts centres established in 19 countries and territories. The company had overcome the 2020 epidemic.
Billion dollars, 3.3 per cent, an increase of 40.99 per cent over the same period. 1.3.2 Profitability is expected to increase, while the company's overall Māori ratio, which remains high in terms of own product lines and overseas operations, has declined structurally, with potential for improvement. The company's Māori ratio is largely dependent on the ict base.
26.15% of h1, which is mainly due to an increase in the share of Māori-lower server operations (Sinhua 3x86 server sales from fourth place in 2017 to second place in 2020); Māori distribution of another major business in Purple Light increased from 20.83% in the year to 37.07% in H1.
The expansion of overseas markets, and the steady release of self-research chips, we believe that there is room for further optimization of the company’s combined Māori rate. 1.3.3 Cost rates have remained stable, research and development inputs have been increasing, as a result of increased costs of company sales personnel and markets for the current period; management costs (including R&D rates) have been 9.38 per cent, respectively.
The company attaches great importance to autonomous research and development (R & D), which continues to increase in expenditure, and the number of R & D personnel is higher than the total number of employees. The company has established R & D centres in Chongqing, among others, and the number of R & D staff has risen steadily, from 39.21% in 2016 to 43.95% in 2020, with more than 50% of R & D staff in Xinhua. The company is counting around the "digital brain" strategy.
Research and development investment in infrastructure, cloud and smart platforms, active security and integrated transport continued to increase, with research and development invested in the first half of the year amounting to 2,191 million yuan, an increase of 17.38 per cent over the same period. In addition, companies actively moved into the area of network communications chips, continuously upgrading the core competitiveness of the public administration, with network chip delivery projects and design projects amounting to 40 billion yuan and 67 million yuan, respectively, in development spending.
The total amount of $108 million represents a significant increase in inventory and receivables from current H1 assets in 2021 as a result of the growth in Xinhua III ' s operations; the large goodwill generated by the merger of non-current assets from Xinhua III is not expected to be impaired.
The sum of billions corresponds to the company ' s increased contract performance costs as a result of business growth, with receivables rising from $9.16 billion to $9.16 billion. During the same period, Xinhua was able to perform well, earning 19.703 billion yuan, increasing 17.6 per cent from the previous year, resulting in a net profit of $1.470 billion from the mother, increasing by 14.98 per cent from the same time, and we judge that goodwill is not expected to be at a significant risk of impairment in the coming years.
The growth in the liability of the company 2021h1 has been positive or negative. By 2021 h1, the current liability of the purple shares was 21,550 million yuan, or 5.43 per cent of the total, and our judgement is mainly that the firm is in the process of building cloud computing and that, as the whole of the chain of the H-C-N-N-N-End is well developed, particularly the use of self-research chips, the self-researched product lines are expected to be optimized;
As a result of the restructuring of China’s markets as a result of the strategic shift, the company’s share in the operators’, political and overseas markets is expected to increase further, and the firm’s overall net profits are expected to increase further, leading to an increase in the roe. 1.4 The Group’s debt crisis is resolved gradually, and valuation and profitability are expected to rise.
On 16 July 2021, the Purple Light Group announced that the Beijing Middle House had decided to accept applications from the relevant creditors for restructuring of the Purple Light Group. On 20 July, the Purple Group recruited strategic investors to fight for the whole, emphasizing the collaboration of the Cycling Clouds industry. On 18 October, under the auspices of the Beijing Middle House, the first creditors meeting was called for the substantive consolidation of seven enterprises, including the Purple Group.
We believe that, as a leader in the ict field, purple shares and subsidiaries under the flag have complete and market competitive industrial chains, the introduction of this campaign is expected to resolve properly the group's debt problem and eliminate business uncertainty, boost market confidence, and facilitate further resource consolidation by companies.
The development of a “digital brain” strategy, with further market breakthroughs, is expected to lead to an increase in valuation. Secondly, in the digital economy era, 5g and cloud-driven long-term development of ict, which is the cornerstone of development.
The digital economy is a major economic shape after the agricultural and industrial economies, and data are gradually becoming a fundamental part of the economy after the land and machinery. As defined in the White Paper on Digital Economic Development in China 2021, our digital economy uses digital knowledge and information as key factors of production, with digital technology as its core driving force, and modern information networks as its key factor.
Carriers, through the integration of digital technology with the depth of the real economy, are constantly raising the level of digitalization, networking and intellectualization of the economy and accelerating the re-engineering of new economic patterns of positive development and governance patterns, including the four main components of “digital industrialization”, “industrial digitization”, “digitized governance” and “digitized in value”, in which the ict infrastructure is the construction of the entire number.
The digital economy has become a key support for current economic development. After the global epidemic in 2020, the global gdp has fallen by trillion dollars, rising by 3.0 per cent, or 43.7 per cent, and rose by 2.5 percentage points, with industry increasing by 84.4 per cent, and according to idc research, by 2025, the world is being digitalized by products and products.
The share of the services-driven digital economy will reach 58.2%; in terms of the country’s different incomes and levels of economic development, the ratio of countries to high-income countries is higher, at 54.3% and 50.7%, respectively, well above the level of 27.6% in developing countries. The digital transformation is also continuing, with the digital economy increasing from 2.6 trillion yuan in 2005.
The proportion of gdp rose from 14.2 per cent to 38.6 per cent from 39.2 trillion yuan in 2020, and has risen back to one of the core growth poles of our national economy.
In the global digital transition, countries around the world are increasingly making up-front investments in future STI needs, with ict at the heart of the R & D inputs. According to EU data on global R & D inputs to 2500 firms, the top four industries account for 77% of the total R & D inputs, of which ict production accounts for 23%, in the United States, by ict and by biology.
While the digital economy is emerging as a new growth model for the global economy, it is a central driver of economic development. According to research by the Oxford Institute for Economic Research, the long-term return on digital technology is 6.7 times that of non-digitized technology.
ict investment to peddle the digital economy Long-term investment return forecast (by 2025) 1s nonict
In the context of this digital wave, which is based on ict, the global policy of increasing the number of ict infrastructure continues to rise. Japan released its master plan for the regional expansion of ict infrastructure, 2.0, and the EU has set the number of Europeans to be reached by 2030.
In 2017, our “14th Five-Year Plan” explicitly “accelerating the development of new infrastructure.” In the context of the digital economy, the corresponding technological developments, representing, for example, 5g, cloud computing, object networking, artificial intelligence, largeness, etc.
New technologies such as data, machine learning, block chains, which are essentially dependent on data technology, while promoting the need for and evolution of infrastructure and related technologies in the ict industry; in our “new infrastructure”, similar to the cover of old basic road networks and grids, the 5g of the new capital era is the core of new connections and the “cloud and computing” is equivalent to the new “roads” and “electricity”, and 5g are connected.
Connection and cloud computing will reflect the development of the new infrastructure as a whole. Next, we will focus on the demand resonance of 5g and cloud computing development for the ict infrastructure involved in the purple light business.
The fifth generation of mobile communication technologies (5g) is characterized by high-speed, low-time and large-scale connectivity, mainly in the face of three main types of applications, namely, enhanced mobile broadband (embb), super-highly reliable low-time delay communications (urllc) and big-volume machine communications (mmtc).
Over the 5g industrial chain, which covers the entire 5g communication data transmission line, the Institute of Forward-looking Industries predicts that communication network equipment accounts for the largest share of total investment at 39.6%, with a core network of 5g investing 40 billion yuan. By the end of the third quarter of 2021, the country had built 5g base stations, amounting to 1.59 million, and the 5g network building investment had exceeded.
Twenty-six billion yuan, representing purple light, covered mainly the core network of the 5g network. 5g from a technical point of view, compared to previous generations of network communication technology, a network re-engineering based on nfv/sdn virtualization to meet the needs of the differentiated network was carried out as a whole in the context of the submersion of the core network function.
Two key emerging technologies, network slices and mobile edge calculations (mec): Web slices are designed to divide a physical network into multiple virtual logical networks for different applications and provide flexible network resource allocation;
(b) In general, the expansion of the ict infrastructure is the bottom logic of the 5g flow era.
Figure 40: 5g Network Reconstructing Figure 41: 5g Network Slicing/Range Calculation 2.2.15g Network Reconstructing: nfv/sdn and Marginal Calculation Driverict Development
Network re-engineering based on nfv/sdn is the cornerstone of 5g to achieve network slicing functions in response to differentiated network needs. nfv (network virtualization) allows software to be separated from hardware, network virtualization and business to be deployed as required; sdn (software definition network) allows control to be separated from forwarding, network control is centralized and traffic is flexible. 5g integrates both.
Network re-engineering, using sdn to separate the control logic and forwarding, while using nfv to build a specific business control component to achieve network functionality, allowing the 5g network to customize itself to the needs of clients and adapt itself to different network states, with simplicity and flexibility. Network re-engineering is common hard at the physical level.
Substitution of specialized communications equipment (x86 servers, storage equipment and switchboards, etc.) will lead to the procurement of large-scale network and int base equipment and software for the sdn/nfv system, which, according to vum data, has grown steadily since 2017 in global market size at nfv/sdn, in the cities of 2017 and 2018.
The size of the site was $11.8 billion and $15.8 billion, respectively, up from 34 per cent in 2018. According to vum, the global Nfv market will rise from $15.8 billion in 2018 to $48 billion in 2023, with a compound growth rate of 25 per cent with greater market potential.
The Chinese telecommunications ctnet 2025, the Chinese network cube-net 2.0, and the China mobile nonvonet 2020 project started in 2016, 2015 and 2015, respectively, and have so far yielded some results.
The need for storage equipment, network security equipment (and the corresponding software) will directly benefit the manufacturer of the equipment and the provider of the nfv/sdn solution, and we believe that Hwa, Xinhua, etc., will be an important beneficiary of network re-engineering. The 5g mec refers initially to mobile margin calculations, the most critical technology for achieving the 5g ultra-low time delay.
The mec concept is expanded to multi-access margin calculations. Broadly, it refers to the ability of the IT and cloud platforms to operate down close to the terminal, to integrate the innovative capabilities of network transmission, computing, storage and application, to process data, to run applications, and even to achieve some functional services, from the network centre to the nodes on the edge of the network.
The basic components of mec are: routed subsystems, capability open subsystems, platform management subsystems, and peripheral cloud infrastructure. The first three subsystems are deployed in mobile edge computing servers, while the marginal cloud infrastructure is deployed on the edge of the network.
The core equipment of the mec system is a mec server built on the general hardware platform, which, with the promotion of 5gmec, will further promote the use of servers, switchboards, routers, wlan, etc., in the White Paper on Safety of Application in the 5g Industry, Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre
In addition to the needs of mec caused by the low-time requirements of the 5g era mentioned above, the margin calculation also includes the edge calculation of the network. Edge computing and cloud computing complement each other and develop in synergy to create an age of interconnectivity. The infra-marginal margin calculation is a simple solution.
Localization can effectively reduce time lags and enhance network reliability; distributed structures can expand storage, computing and network capabilities on the edges flexibly; and the location where margin calculations occur is called the marginal nodes, such as gateways, edge dc, edge servers, etc., which can be called the marginal nodes, the bottom logic of which cannot be separated from the reliance on network a little device.
The commercial potential of 5g+mec is enormous, and three major domestic operators have pre-positioned the mec network. According to Chetansharma, trillion dollars. The distribution of the marginal network requires computing, storage and network resources to be located near the endpoint of the request, and mobile operators and service providers and their network resources are naturally located at the edge nodes, so apart from the former publicly owned cloud and ott players,
Since 2018, domestic operators have been actively setting up mec, setting up their own marginal laboratories and publishing their own margin calculations white papers to speed up the development of mec.
Xinhua 3 companies in the field of deep-farming operators can benefit from this. 2.2.25g applies growth: application development drives the growth of flows, raising the demand for ict equipment 5g is expected to grow significantly, leading to an increase in demand for network and int equipment. From 1 g to 4g, network flows
From 4 g to 5g, traffic is expected to increase significantly, as is demand for networks, computing, storage, security, etc.
On 6 June 2019, the Ministry of Trade and Communications officially issued 5g commercial licence plates to China Telecommunications, China Movement, China Connect, and China Wide Power, and China officially entered 5g Commercial Year. On 31 October 2019, the three major operators announced a 5g commercial package and officially entered the 5g commercial package on 1 November, marking it.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, in 2021, the 5g base station was actively promoted, bringing the total number of 5g base stations to 1159,000 by the end of the third quarter. The number of cellular terminals connected to 5g in China reached 419 million. In August of this year, consumer households moved up to 13.73gb, a 22% increase in the same month.
Equipment in the 5g industrial chain is the bottom-line logical support for flow growth. 2.3 Cloud computing/data centres: clouds in the 5g era, clouds in the ict device growth engine in the 5g era, clouds in the 5g era, cloud computing is the pooling of all computing, storage and network resources into one capital.
In the source pool, it is provided to different users. Cloud computing includes laas layers, laas layers, saas layers, corresponding to infrastructure, platforms, and software, where laas layers require a large amount of network equipment, servers, storage equipment, etc., and will result in a large amount of equipment for it.
Figure 55: Cloud computing industry chains The increase in east-west-to-west data flow has led to increased demand for network architecture for switches. As users and data centres demand low-time, efficient and time-consuming data centres, the data centres have gradually shifted from traditional three-storey structures to new secondary ridges (spine-)
This network structure, which consists mainly of two parts of the ridge exchange layer and the leaf exchange layer, is most characterized by the fact that each leaf exchange node is connected to each spinal exchange node, thus significantly increasing the reduced efficiency of communications between different servers and reducing delays. Moreover, the use of the ridge two-storey network structure would obviate the need to purchase expensive core layer exchange equipment, and
The expansion of the switch and network equipment over time can be made easier, depending on operational needs, to effectively save initial investments. Figure 56: The transformation of the data centre to the spinal lobe structure will result in increased switch demand.
The traditional three-tier network structure, the spinal exchange layer, the spineswitchlayer, the confluence layer.
Leafswitchlayer 3 and ict leads the multi-product market, the whole industry chain builds a "digital brain." Purples revolve around the "digital brain" strategy, which is a deep layout of the entire industry chain for "coon-net-side-end-core."
With Xinhua’s representation, solutions and smart network products continue to be introduced, providing a rich infrastructure for smart connectivity for digital transformation. According to statistics on idc, gartner, and world-wide information, companies’ networks, computing, storage, security, and cloud computing
The market share of products, etc., is among the highest. 3.1 Network products: the first exchange in the country and the second 3.1.1 exchange in the domestic market for routers: the share of the market is growing steadily and the country's leading position is seized.
Switches are a network device for the transmission of electrical (photographic) signals, which can provide exclusive electrical signal circuits for any two network nodes. The transmission lines are classified from the transmission lines and include e-Ternet switches and fibre optic switches, etc.; the wide area network (WAN) switches and local area network (LAN) switches by network type; and the enterprise level switches, departmental exchanges and working groups can be divided from scale applications.
According to idc, global exchange market revenues grew more steadily, from $24.4 billion in 2016 to $27.8 billion in 2020, with a compound annual increase of 3.27 per cent. In 2021 q1, the share of purple light (Xinhua III) has surpassed China, receiving 38 per cent of the market share of the domestic Ethernet exchange, of which the data centre switch and the park switch market are ranked first.
The two sub-areas were dominated by 39.0 per cent and 37.0 per cent, respectively; in 2021, H1 Xinhua and Xinhua, respectively, were divided by 39.6 per cent and 38.7 per cent of China's business exchange, respectively, with a double market share of the first guilder in the first half of 2021 and continued to lead the domestic exchange market; and the global switchboard market.
Also, according to idc statistics, Xinhua's Xinhua III exchange has been the first in the Internet sector for three years. In the area of Ethernet, Xinhua has experienced years of cultivation and development, and has accumulated a large number of industry leaders in terms of intellectual property and patents.
It provides high-quality services to a large number of public clouds, business-level users and operators. All Xinhua exchange products run autonomous IP coware software that provides a uniform operating command interface and maximizes the configuration of simplified products.
Since its establishment in 2003, the Division has accumulated more than 2 million cargo exchanges in China. In 2018, the company launched the global premier 400g platform, the data centre core switch, s12500x-cf, 2019 Xinhua, and the three s12500x-af and S9820 series 400g switch was successfully measured through the open data centre committee (odcc).
Try, in 2020, Xinhua III continued to lead the 400g era by launching the new generation of the S12,500r series of integrated routers, which has 400g accelerator performance with the highest density in industry, and the largest 400g+srv6 combined performance test performed by the joint industry tester, Si Boren.
Multi-box 400g switch product, adapted to the construction needs of high-performance data centres at different scales and scenarios. h3cs12500r is an exchange router product launched by Xinhua Technology Ltd. for wide area networks, 5g load networks, and data centre dci interface, which provides a superb supply of sophisticated cos+multi-level multi-level orthodoxy exchange structures.
Relay performance and a very rich wide-area flow schedule. The product is a trade router product with current industry performance leading by providing 3072 linear ports of 10 g/25g or 768 linear ports of 40 g/100g/400g, providing ultra-high density and high density 40g, 100g, 400g capacity; and innovation in the face of sudden WAN traffic patterns.
The "distributed access cache" technique allows data to be stored in 200ms and meets the requirements of sudden traffic in the network landscape, such as ipran, dci, while supporting independent control engines, detection engines, maintenance engines, and providing a strong control capacity for the system and a high level of reliability for 50 ms.
Figure 61: Xinhua Trinity Exchange Star Product: S12500r data centre router 3.1.2: The domestic share is close to China, displaying a strong technological base Router is a network device that connects multiple networks or segments and acts as a gateway between networks that can connect different networks
The data information between the grids or segments is translated to enable them to “read” each other's data and thus form a larger network. The router function is to manage the network's transmission in a larger area, which can be divided into core routers (long-range high-speed routers), marginal routers (managed network transmissions in given areas) and access depending on the performance.
According to idc, revenues from the global router market grew slowly, from $14.5 billion in 2016 to $14.9 billion in 2020, with a compound annual increase of 0.56 per cent. q1 in 2021, Xinhua ' s share in the domestic router market reached 28.5 per cent.
Since the introduction of China’s first narrow router in 1996, Xinhua has been focusing its research and development investment for over a decade, and now has a full range of router products and solutions. According to the latest statistics from Xinhua Trinity Network, H3c’s low end routers have been sold over a million units, and high end routers have been sold over 30,000 units.
The first open multi-operational router. The high-end product is an expression of a manufacturer's combined strength and core competitiveness. H3c is based on a tradition of “telecom-level” reliability, with important components (control boards, exchange boards, fans, power sources, etc.) being redundant.
The H3ccr19000t class cluster router product is an autonomous H3c core router for operational-level applications, which is centralized by the operator.cr19,000 uses a completely new software and hardware architecture design, applying industry-advanced cosboard architecture and cutting-edge light connection technology; cr19,000 is developed on the basis of advanced network operating system cowarev7.
Completely improved stability of core router software systems and good software expansion to fully meet operating level user deployment requirements: cr19000 through China mobile, China telecommunications, China connectivity rigorous testing and all three major operators winning the first 70% of China ' s high end router project from 2019 to 2020
At present, cr19000 core routers have been applied to the Guangdong telecommunications backbone and urban area network export interfaces and to the Shanghai Linked Urban Area Network (SAN) backbone and national export locations, and have become important core products for operators to form a national backbone network. In 2020, the company also released the msr 5g routers and 5g group network solutions, which are handled from the edges, secure and secure.
On July 30, 2021, the Xinhua Group officially announced its autonomous development of a high-end, programmable network processor, the WikiLeaks 660. As a core router component, the web chip itself.
Research and volume production have helped to further consolidate Xinhua San's leadership in the router area and to ensure the integrity of the supply chain, eliminate the lack of core influence in the upper market, and continue to advance the corporate “chilling cloud” strategy.
Wlan is a technology that connects terminals such as personal computers, handheld devices (e.g. pad, mobile phones) in wireless ways. Wireless products are made up of wireless access devices ap and wireless controllers ac. As wireless applications become more widespread, mobile Internet users are growing linearly, and mobile data are multiplied in near exponential mode.
The market size of wlan is high, high and fast, in such industries as therapy, commerce, fairs, or hotels, and wireless cities. According to idc, global corporate-level wlan market revenues have continued to increase, from $5.6 billion in 2016 to 2020.
63.50 billion United States dollars. In 2021, Xinhua Xinhua Xinzo was again ranked first in the market share of the domestic enterprise class wlan with a share of 28.0 per cent, and from 2009 to 2021 Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinjiang Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinjiang has maintained the market share of the Chinese enterprise class wlan first for 12 consecutive years, of which Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinjiang and Xinhua Xinhua Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xian have been listed in the market for 12 consecutive years.
With the first layout of the w-fi6 standard and a strong competition for new wlan products, the company began formally forming the wlan research and development team in 2000 and the industry led the launch of the megawireless controller wx6100 and the first business-level product in 2008.
Wa2600, the first to enter the 802.11ac gigawattage by 2014. In August 2017, Xinhua III was the first to launch the first wi-fi6 (802.11ax) apwa6528, and in 2019, the w-fi alliance officially launched the new w-fi6 standard wireless access point (ap), which created a wealth of indoors, outdoors, high densities, centralized deployments, distributional deployments, industrial deployments, etc.
In addition, Xinhua is the only country involved in the ietfwlan standard, which defines two rfc5833 and rfc5834 rfc (request) of the Wireless Meb standard.
Building on the Wi-fi6 product of the corporate landscape, the company ' s wireless solution is integrated through wlan+iot, leading to major breakthroughs in applications such as power plants, underground tube halls, smart campuses, mines, airports, orbital traffic, and the company ' s wireless product operations continue to maintain the market.
3.1.4 Network chips: Self-researching intellectual chips, competitiveness of assistive products Network chips as core devices for network communications products, network processor chips directly defining the capability boundaries of network equipment The two basic features of network chips are to provide software-based flexibility and hardware-based high performance.
There are a wide range of applications in the heart, border and local area networks/business networks. Network processors play different roles because of the different characteristics of network processing in different network settings.
The group announced the establishment of the Xinhua Trinity Conductor Technology Corporation in the city's highland area and invested in operating a chip design development base, focusing on the autonomous development of chips in the new generation of high-end network communications, which was launched for the first time at the 2021 Navigate Pilot Summit, the Xinhua Three Group Autonomously developed high-performance smart network processor - the Xinhua network processor of the 600 series of Xinhua.
And in July of the same year, it successfully announced the launch of 660 Quantities, and the company will maintain an iterative approach of producing and designing a generation. Technological evolution continues. The next generation of 800 Quantities, using more advanced processes and more advanced containment technologies, is in the start-up phase and is expected to be officially released in 2022. In the first half of 2021, development spending on the web chip has arrived.
The introduction of the smart chip 660 provides a solid basis for companies to maintain a core network leading market position as the first network processor in the domestic industry with advanced language programming capability with the following characteristics:
Professional - network applications for cctop (cprogrammabletaskoptimized processors) Flexibility - support for network operations processing on floors 12~l7 High-integral large-scale processors, high-density high-speed interfaces, multi-network acceleration units
High performance - interface capacity up to 1.2tbps Wide application - for multiple network business processing scenarios Figure 71: Xinhua Trinity chip 660 profile
As an important part of the smart chip system, Xinhua has also launched a dedicated operating system - the engiantos - and a full set of development packages for network processing to speed up the expansion of chip applications based on a custom network device smartbox based on a 660 chip.
(engiantbox) will be sold in q4 in 2021, and the equipment will have 48 10+25+8 + 100G ports, and users will be able to load different software applications to achieve different network equipment applications such as routers, switches, security gateways, wireless controllers, etc.
The strategic layout of the Cyro-Cyco-Net-Ends has contributed significantly to the development and layout of the “digital China.” Figure 72: The Xinhua Sanjiang Ecology and the Xinhua Three-Cycle Cloud Convergence, which has different advantages, contributes to the overall strategy. Xinhua III proposes to “break through key technologies, tectonics,” on chip development.
The three-stage development strategy, which seeks to chart the core blueprint for intelligent connectivity, the first phase is a number of breakthroughs in key technological areas, such as the 660 intellectuals; the second phase is a number of technologies that want to be opened up through the Xinhua Triconductor, and expand the entire microchip cloud along with the purple cloud; and the third phase is cooperation.
Partners work together to promote the entire industry. Many of the programs previously offered by the purple cloud were based mostly on bottom-level computing and focused on the laas level. The purple cloud and the Xinhua triconductor worked together deeply to drive the development of the purple chip design cloud.
3.1.5sdn/nfv: China’s market share of sdn software is first in five consecutive years, and the network of enablers has been restructured. According to World Wide Information data, China’s market size for sdn software increased from 2016 to 2020, from 2016 to 2020.
710 million yuan grew to 2,590 million yuan in 2020, with annual growth stable at between 34% and 40%. According to Xinhua Trinity News, Xinhua was ranked first in China ' s sdn software market for the fifth consecutive year from 2016 to 2020, accounting for 32% of the city ' s traditional network +sdn/nfv/ai, which helped Xinhua to build powerful ad-net products. h3cad-net (sdn&nfv)
Based on traditional networks, the product integrates new technologies such as sdn, nfv, ai, an open, flexible and flexible system with a rich North-South interface that supports third-party application development, is able to match the depth of user operations with in-depth integration innovations across industries, further unlocks the potential value of the network through software definition, and builds a new, well-harmonized system.
It is an ecosystem. From the release of ad-net 1.0 in 2015 to 2021, ad-net6.0, the product is always client-oriented, and its key nuclear capabilities are: unified chassis to achieve cloud intelligence; global integration guarantee operational synergy; application insight to provide a full-store view; network drive to drive intelligently; composite twin life enablers to optimize; and self-building to support agility.
H3cad-net products have already taken the lead in data development for clients in different sectors, such as operators, the Internet, finance, government, universities, centers, parks, urban area networks, wide area networks, etc.
3.2it product: a two-brand strategy, taking over the computing market, reshaping the new leader 3.2.1 server: Xinhua Sanhua x86 has a second share of the market, Blade server continues to be the number one server in the market, which is a computer that operates faster, more loads and more expensive than normal computers. The server is on the network.
The server has high-speed cpu operations, long and reliable operations, a powerful i/o external data absorption capability, and a better expansion.
According to idc, the size of the global server market grew from $58.9 billion in 2016 to $91 billion in 2020, at a compound rate of 11.49 per cent, and the size of the domestic server market grew from $9.3 billion in 2016 to $21.1 billion in 2020, at a compound rate of 22.73 per cent. q1 in 2021, Xinhua is competing in the global server market.
H3c, together with hpe, accounted for about 15.9% of the share, ranking second. Of these, X86 servers rose from 117.7% in 2018 to 16.8% of q1 in 2021, immediately followed by China as the second largest market for domestic X86 servers; non-x86 server markets rose from fourth to first in the previous year, with a market share of 23.6%; blade servers
In addition, the Xinhua III Group continued to gain a server share of 24.5% of the market in 2020, making virtual markets first. Thanks to the industry’s digital transformation and the firm’s steady upturn and data centre construction.
As one of the first manufacturers in the industry to develop server virtualization based on the bottom structure of Kvm, the Xinhua Group launched H3ccas.
After 10 years of development, it has evolved to version 7.0. Xinhua servers include a branded H3c server and a proxy hpe server, and two brands co-editorize the server market. Xinhua server lines have the latest technology, the most full-scale scenario, and are applied-driven solutions and solutions.
The product series, which includes machine rack servers, blade servers, tower servers, high-density servers and key business services, fully covers mainstream business needs such as big data, virtualization, cloud computing, and meets the needs of domestic users for safe and controlled applications. At the same time, Xinhuazo is the sole provider of Hpe brand server products and technical services in China, serving as a Chinese enterprise.
Clients provide an international leader’s innovative infrastructure solution. As China was affected by sanctions and strategic shifts, in September 2020, it announced that it would withdraw its servers when conditions matured, and that it would build mechanisms to better develop its hydnium ecology, and by June 2021, it would abandon China’s telecommunications servers by 2021.
We believe that Xinhua San is expected to achieve a further increase in market access in the area of servers and gradually grow into a new leader in the area of servers.
Storage is the way in which data can be stored in a reasonable, safe and efficient way and can be accessed effectively, depending on the application environment. In general, it can mean two things: on the one hand, it is the physical medium in which the data are temporarily or permanently located; and, on the other hand, it is the way or the way in which the data are safely stored in their entirety.
According to idc, global and Chinese storage market revenues grew annually, from $41.4 billion and $3.6 billion in 2013 to $56 billion and $6.7 billion in 2018, respectively, especially between 2016 and 2018, with annual increases of 20 per cent and 25 per cent respectively in 2018.
Together with Xinhua San, it is ranked third, and continues to rank second in the domestic firm-level storage market, with 11.4 per cent of the market share. The Xinhua San storage consists of own brand storage and proxy hpe storage.
H3c goes beyond traditional storage to apply-driven, leading to the storage of new normal patterns. The leading flash memory, big data storage technology, coupled with future-oriented artificial intelligence, super-integration, and software definition technology, Xinhua3 storage, with solid technical capabilities and solid, credible products, becomes the heart of data in a digital transformation of an enterprise.
Xinhua's three storage champions, distributed storage products like anonator are recognized by the market. According to the idc Quarterly Tracking Report on China's Software Defined and Super-integrated Storage System Market, 2021q1, the Xinhua Group won its second place in the software definition storage market in the first quarter of 2021.
This segment of the market, where Xinhua San was able to raise his head again with 35.8% of the market share to lead the industry. Anonstor distributed cloud storage is a software-defined storage platform for block storage, file storage, object storage integration, based on innovation and hardware integration based on the technology of Xinhua.
Deep integration is optimized to enable an entire array of products and solutions, including H3unistorx10000. h3unistorx 10,000 distributed storage, a platform that supports further landscape development and individualization of blocks, files, objects, and large data storage capabilities in response to different application needs, using a combination of hardware and software delivery.
The latest flash model for the 10000g5 family x 10828 became a distributed flash product for industry first-time integration of nvme protocols and scm media technology to achieve real zero rpo and zero rto, enabling users to use a more advanced base structure with more comprehensive data applications.
3.2.3 Super-integration: The market is growing rapidly, Xinhua is competitive, super-integration is defined as the core soft and hard integrated integration architecture, which integrates virtual computing, storage, network as a universal node at x86 server/arm server, and multi-node is able to integrate through the network to achieve a seamless horizontal modularization
Expand (scale-out) to create a single pool of resources with the advantage of rapid deployment, easy to expand, simple transport, whole-office delivery, and intruding. It is now widely accepted in the country that distributed storage layers and virtualization calculations defined by software are the smallest set of super-integrated racks.
Xinhua has a stable market position for super-integration in China. According to the World Wide Web report China Super-Integration Products Market Study 2019-2020, the concept of super-integration has emerged for the first time in the country since 2013, with closed development from new technologies to commercialized sites, with the domestic market growing from 1.201 billion yuan in 2016 to 7.74 billion yuan in 2019, a compound year.
18.2 per cent, 21 per cent, and 20.7 per cent, keep the distance from China, which in 2021 q1 held its share at 16.9 per cent and ranked second in the country for the fourth consecutive year. Superintegration technologies are now relatively mature, and the super-integration market is expected to develop further with the emergence of new domestic infrastructure, marginal computing, and mixed clouds.
Xinhua Super-Integration, leader of the domestic market. It was based on the commercial virtual product H3ccas cloud computing management platform that was launched in Xinhua in 2011, and led the country in 2013 to the introduction of the super-integration architecture product uis 1.0, which was optimized to uis 7.0 by the first half of 2021, based on worldwide information.
According to the China Super-Integration Product Market Study 2019-2020, Xinhua San is in the leadership quadrant in the area of Super-Integration, while, according to idc, during the first quarter of 2021, China held a total market share of 42.2 per cent, with a head effect, a series of multi-role super-integrations, super-intelligence of intelligence acceleration, super-intelligence of a fully-functioning state and double-model super-integration products has been published.
In addition, an industry super-integrated model has been introduced in product functions to support large-scale deployment for medical, educational, financial, business, transport and other industries. 3.3 Network security: certified at the highest level of information security risk assessment, with firewalls in the second largest number of cities in the country
Typical cybersecurity products involve various types of firewalls, content filters, intrusion detections, conduct audits, load balances, etc., that protect hardware, software and data in network systems from disruption, alteration, disclosure for accidental or malicious reasons, keeping the system running in a reliable and normal way, and network services uninterrupted.
According to idc, global and Chinese security hardware market revenues grew faster, from $8.7 billion and $800 million in 2013 to $15.3 billion and $2.8 billion in 2020, with annual compound growth rates of 12.0 per cent and 28.5 per cent, respectively, with China growing faster than the world. In 2018, Xinhua held about 2 per cent of global security hardware market competition.
Figure 90: Market share of domestic security content management, Figure 91: q1 Market share of domestic security hardware, 2021
The Xinhua Group, the Xinhua Group, the Xinhua Group, the Xinxin Group, the Xinxin Group, and the others.
The H3c secure product line focuses on network security and application safety, providing users with products and solutions that integrate networks and applications.h3c has developed an autonomous intellectual property high-performance industry.
The processing chip and dedicated core software operating system, with over 1,000 proprietary information security technologies, works closely with international security organizations cve, Microsoft mapp, cnvd, nnvd, anva, Cloud Safety Union (csa), Cybersecurity and Innovation Technologies Alliance, etc.
The safety product developed by h3c covers three levels of network layer security, application layer security and security management, including firewalls, vpn, utm, ips, acg, load balance, security management centre, cloud safety solution, situational awareness system, etc., and more than 300 products with models covering 100 gigabytes, gigabytes, megabytes and megabyte applications, with full operational security of 2-7 floors.
Protection against future cloud computing, ipv6, web 2.0, etc. The company has hundreds of thousands of security equipment deployed in such areas as the national e-government extranet, the Chinese Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of National Protection, the Ministry of National Transport, the National Power Network and the provincial electricity company, the China National Internet Information Centre, China Mobile and China
Users of various industries and operators such as National Telecommunications, China Business Bank, China Agricultural Bank, Bank of China, Construction Bank of China, China Oil, China petrochemicals, Chinese Life, Safe Insurance, Treasure Net, Zhejiang University, Hunan University, etc. 3.4 Cloud calculations: Xinhua San and Purple Clouds, all-line coverage of cloud computing products.
In 2020, purple clouds were acquired to complete the cloud computing map. Purple Cloud Technology Ltd. became effective on 02082018.
In the same year, a new brand of Xinhua III, Purple Clouds, Congqing Purple Mountain Think-Son and Purple-Swilight Software was created, together with the combined capabilities of private clouds, public clouds, artificial intelligence, video cloud and software services, to create a “violet cloud and intelligent enterprise” and to unify technology, brands, markets and services, with a brand-new “violet cloud” oriented to the market, and to develop the “coated-smart” business.
On December 11, the purple cloud acquired 46.67% of the entire purple cloud in purple at $1.9 billion. In the first half of 2021, the company released a purple cloud of 3.0 based on the violet platform and the oasis platform, with a central focus on mixed clouds. The purple cloud of 3.0 achieved the structure of public clouds, private clouds, mixed clouds, and marginal clouds through the violet platform.
Unified and comprehensive technology co-engineering; provision of mature data operating systems and application of innovation engines through Oasis Platform.