Autonomous brand consumption has led to a sharp rise in prices, with a good performance rating for the year 2024, and a share in Stars (stock code: 601799.sh)
Events: Corporate annual reports for 2024, annual operating income of $13,253 million for the whole year, same rock and gold, corporate q4 driven by an autonomous brand client portfolio and high performance of corporate q4 over the year, with a scale effect of q4 Māori
Qin JiQun added 11 models (+19%) to the same ratio, achieved 40 vehicle-type project batches and continued to build up new orders.
Single. The sales of company headlamps/post-combined lamps in 2024 were 14.7 per cent/28.9 per cent, respectively. In terms of profitability, the company adjusted its accounting policy in 2024 to adjust the guaranteed quality assurance costs, which were not part of a single performance obligation, from “sale costs” to “business costs”, which was adjusted to 2024.
The annual Māori rate of the company decreased by 1.30 pct to 19.28 per cent from the same year, mainly due to a significant but stable profitability of foreign operations. q4 single season, adjusted for accounting policy (no readjusted data from the previous three quarters and therefore applied the original data), q4 single season Māori rate of 20.97 per cent, compared to +0.52 pt, ring
Compared to +1.03 pct, the scale effect q4 Māori ratio has rebounded over the same period. The impact of lower cost rates on the hedge Māori rate has increased steadily in profitability: R&D costs for companies in 2024 have increased by the same ratio - 1.01 ptt - 4.95%, and the cost of post-partum R&D for new products has slowed down and benefits from this.
Revenue scale increases and R & D rates are significantly reduced, and companies are currently strengthening smart headlamps, i.e. microled and related control technologies, i.e. pixel-based interactive lamps, smart digital cells based on innovative materials and light-source technologies.
The development and application of technologies such as grids, lamp controllers, hcm/rcm/lcu, and sensors, self-closing loop systems, aesthetics of carlights and scenario applications that interact with intelligence, have not lost their incentive to innovate. The 2024 public slide effect, which pushed companies to withhold non-net interest rates from the same ratio +0.07 pct to 10.27 per cent, has led to a steady increase in profitability.
Launching of employee holding schemes to deepen the binding of core employee interests and to stimulate corporate growth: November 16, 2024, company employee holding schemes were issued, with a total of 540,000 shares allocated to companies, including company supervisors (excluding external supervisors), senior managers and other key staff members who the board of directors considered needed to be incentivizeda
General share shares, at a yield price of $72 per share, are unlocked by comparing the results of the previous personal appraisals considered by the board of directors of the company’s shareholding scheme for the period 20-2026. The stockholding scheme deepens the bonding of the company’s core workforce with the company’s interests and is expected to stimulate the company’s growth and drive the company’s business expansion.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been available in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.