\triangleright \triangleright downstream customers show strong and fast growth in profitability. 1) End of income: 4,027 million won in 2024q4
\triangleright has achieved 40 vehicle-type project batches. 2024q4, Chir, Ideal, Wei, downstream customers are selling at the same level as Rings, new projects are operational + customer sales are growing, and corporate revenue is jointly driven by rapid growth; 2) profit
lubricant: 2024q4 net profit to the mother of $431 million, i.e. +34.49 per cent, ring of +12.56 per cent; deductible sales (after adjustment)/sales (before adjustment)/management/research and development/financial cost rates, respectively - stable, with a significant decrease in the adjusted cost of sales due to changes in accounting standards.
China contributes a great deal of elasticity to the core series of suppliers. Question group nine locates the flag ship under the banner of Hong Mengji. Class suv.
1. Starwoo shares (601799.sh) series II: Downstream synchronous controls, allowing precision cover for forward vehicles and pedestrians, significantly improving driver safety experience.
The division, as the core supplier of the Chinese department of car lights, provides a complete collection of pre- and post-curve lights for the self-employed m9. The Chinese commercial city data show that the value of the m9ultra version of the dlp lamp amounts to $30,000. Since April 2024, the Quest 2. Stars (601799.sh) series has rated one: Quality.
In 2024, the project growth engine continued to hit 2024/08/Add.9 sales amounted to 150.9 million, making it a strong driver of corporate income growth.
In 2024, the company’s overseas market achieved a \triangleright rating: 2023h1 outperforms expectations, and new energy customers are releasing more.
In the post-natal period, the Serbian factory reached 4. Star stock (60179.sh) depth report: product uplifts will produce 6 million car lights per year. The company has been set up in Mexico and the United States.
The company is expected to open up the North American market gradually by further refining its overseas layout. Investment advice: high-quality lanes for headlights, joint brand supply chain plus autonomous brand supply chain.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.