November 4th, 2024, the heart chief is the leader of the country's autonomous cpu. The main business is the development, sale and appliance of processors and ancillary chips.
Services, major products and services include processors and accompanies chips, which increase by 1.47 per cent compared to the loss.
Overall performance is in line with expectations, and the company is gradually warming. In the last three quarters, the company achieved $308 million in operating income, and two main lines of information systems and industrial control systems were engaged in industrial construction aimed at network security, office and business information, etc.
By 21.94% compared to the same year, q3 performed well, with a positive increase in revenue and a positive increase in losses, maintaining a comprehensive narrowness with its partners in areas such as industrial controls and material networking. For the first three quarters of the year, the information chip camp received $33 million, an increase.
Market cooperation, with a range of products in e-government, energy, 16.70 per cent and a Māori rate of 27.85 per cent, an increase of 14.54 pct over the same period, has become the main driving force behind the recovery of performance.
As a result of the expansion of the Division’s operations, the higher cost of R & D is due mainly to the fact that companies have reached a period of transformationalization of R & D, and that the bulk of the products are in the R & D stream phase, resulting in higher cost inputs and more manageable overall cost levels.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: $142 million in information chip camps in the previous three quarters, an increase of 114.18 per cent over the previous three quarters, mainly from downstream letters to warm the demand, while companies continue to diversify their products, and their product power continues to grow, followed by national production alternatives.
The gradual deepening of the policy and the revival of the credit market, and the prospect of a sustained increase in sales of corporate information-based chips; (2) the industrial control sector is affected by a temporary stagnation in the procurement of key clients in the area of safety applications, and the temporary reduction in the volume of highly reliable chips sold has created new market opportunities. Companies have also continued to increase their investment in research and development to boost the competitiveness of their main products.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: companies are committed to building autonomous command systems and industrial ecology, major production b/h shares (millions of shares)
The company's performance is expected to recover as the credit market warms and deepens.
The source of the east's wealth and wisdom, the east's source of wealth and wisdom, the dragon core (688047.sh): performance meets expectations, and the information business is back on track.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is Jan Young-ja, financialit, car intelligence, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Core Central Section (688047.sh): Performance meets expectations and the information business is stable and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.