In the first half of the year, the company released its semi-annual performance of $8,321 million in gross operating income, which was divided between demand in the field of communications, and a significant increase in high-speed switches and light modules.
There is a greater degree of fragmentation of demand in different areas of the communications market in the year, and according to the expert dell'oro study, in the first quarter of 2024, the global general exchange, light transmission, microwave transmission, wireless network access, etc., was generally close to or above 10 per cent of the decline compared to the previous period, but in the ai context.
Demand driven by demand, there has been a significant increase in demand for high-speed switches and light modules of 400 g and above. During the reporting period, the area of corporate communications benefited from increased demand for high-speed switches and light module products, an increase in the share of cable communications products, further optimization of product structures and improved profitability.
In the first half of 2024, there was a marked recovery in the size of the global capital expenditure of major cloud service providers, with a focus on arithmetic investment, which led to an increase in the demand for ai servers and the build-up of a universal server, eaglestream.
Total stock/flow capital (billion shares) 5.13/5.11 Platform upgrades and overall server demand has returned to cool. During the reporting period, orders in the corporate data centre area increased significantly over the same period, mainly thanks to the ai acceleration card, eaglestream platform
Highest/lowest price in 52 weeks, new energy and adas are growing dramatically, and automobile intelligence drives growth. Professional research institutes, marktline, show a similar increase in global new energy vehicle sales in May of 2024.
The release of demand for new customer targeting projects imported by China Air International Holdings Ltd., and the steady growth of demand for high-end products associated with intelligent driving, have contributed to the continued growth of orders in the electronics sector of cars.
A sustained focus on capacity-building in the enveloped base-plate business has accelerated the import of high-end products. The company’s enveloped base-plate business generated primary operating income of $1,596 million, representing an increase of 94.31 per cent, or 19.18 per cent, in the total revenue of the public sector; and the Māori rate of 25.46 per cent, representing an increase of 6.66 pct, in 2024.
In the first half of the year, global demand for the semiconductor industry as a whole recovered. Wsts statistics show that, as of May, the global semiconductor industry as a whole had increased at a rate of 19.3 per cent, but that the main focus was on logical and storage chip areas.
It is important to focus on opportunities for local demand repair and to speed up the import of new products and customers, and to push for a marked increase in orders over the same period last year, optimize product structure and smooth climb of new tin-free plants to help the business continue to invest in R & D products and new areas of application.
7.68 per cent of revenue, an increase of 1.44 percentage points over the same period. The company ' s research and development projects are well under way, with the development of technology for communications, data centres and electronic vehicle-related pcb, fc-bga-based capacity-building for board products, fc-csp fine-line and rf-frequency base plate technical capabilities
During the reporting period, the company's participation in the project "cmos mm wave ruler, integrated tablet array technology and industrialization" was awarded a second-class national award for technological invention, 56 new patents granted by the Public Administration, 1 new patent application for pct, many products and technologies achieved.
Domestic and international leadership levels. Market recovery has fallen short of expectations; risks of friction in international trade and transfer of industrial chains; increased risks associated with patterns of competition in industry; and risks of price volatility of raw materials.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.