q2 battalion collection, high net profit innovation, ai boost performance improvement, semi-annual review 2024 Deep South circuit (002916.sz)
Incident: Corporate disclosure of semi-annual report 2024. 2024h1 achieved revenue of $8.321 billion, an increase in the annual net profit from q2 and the return of mothers. In the first half of 2024, the company actively seized opportunities for accelerated aa evolution, the continuation of motor motorization/intelligence trends, and demand repair in some areas, achieving revenue of 83.21.
In business management, companies continue to promote digitalization and intelligent manufacturing, strengthening system-level downscaling fees, with a q2 Māori rate of 27.11 per cent, an increase of 4.28 pct, and a net interest rate of 13.94 per cent, the same rate.
Quarter-long net profit returns have reached an all-time high. Chandler wins, company pcb captures structural opportunities and leads to improved performance. 2024h1 company pcb
In the area of communications, thanks to high-speed exchanges, increased demand for light module products, increased demand for cable-side communications products, better product structure and improved profitability. In the area of data centres, benefits were obtained from aiga.
In the area of automobile electronics, the demand for pre-imported new customer targeting projects has been released, and the demand for smart driving-related high-end products has steadily increased, driving orders in the area of automobile electronics has continued to grow.
2024h1 company, pcb, has continued to improve its performance. With regard to the construction of new projects, the construction of plant infrastructure in Thailand has progressed in an orderly manner.
In the first half of the year, the company focused on local demand repair opportunities, accelerated the entry of new products and customers, pushed for a marked increase in orders, optimized product structure and a smooth climb of new tin-free plants.
bt class envelope base sheet operations, company storage products are steadily moving forward on new project development imports, stacking up storage market demand, leading to the growth of storage product orders; processor chip product, which has achieved a breakthrough in large-scale manufacturing capacity based on the wb process; lf radio frequency type products, steady promotion of new customer imports,
For the new project, a one-month balance of gains and losses has been achieved at the Sithless Phase II plant, and the Guangzhou package project is in the early stages of a production slope.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In 2022, you joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.