Shinjiyama Transmitor, Deep South Circuit (002916.sz) pcb
High performance innovation, with deep benefits from the i-demand outbreak, achieved a net return profit of 608 million yuan, an increase of 127.18 per cent, and a 60.11 per cent increase in the ring, compared with the previous year, taking advantage of the structural opportunities of the industry, and the same growth in business orders.
(b) Opportunities, increased market development, business orders increased on a year-on-year basis, and production and crop productivity maintained at the highest/minimum level (in yuan) per year:
Ping, in the first half of the year, the company achieved $8,321 million, an increase of 37.91 per cent.
Product demand has grown steadily; (2) enveloped base-plate operations: income of $1,596 million, or base data on total income: 30 June 2024, mainly due to stable demand growth in data centres and the electronics sector of automobiles.
Product structural optimization and improved capacity utilization drive a significant increase in corporate profitability. In the first half of 2024, the company ' s Māori ratio was 26.20 per cent, with an increase of 3.27 pcts, with a net interest rate of 11.86 per cent and an increase of 4.01 pcts, and the company ' s profitability significantly increased the Māori ratio for both the pcb and the sealboard operations.
Significant improvements. By sub-product, the Māori rate in the enveloped base sheet business reached 25.46 per cent, an increase of 6.66 pcts compared to the previous year, resulting from the optimal product structure and the smooth climb of the new tin-free plant; pcb Māori rate for the pcb operation was Go Wooyang
The product structure is optimized by the growth in demand for related high-end products, such as platform upgrades, smart driving, and, second, the continued improvement in the productivity utilization of pcb. The strategic layout of “3-in-one” and the performance of productive release enablers continued to grow.
The industry’s unique “3-in-one” business layout, with connectivity at its core, is constantly strengthening the pcb business leadership while vigorously developing its “technology-synchronous” enveloped baseboard and “customer-symmetric” electronic assembly operations. In the pcb area, the ai’s accelerated evolution and application deepens, driving top-level numbers and heights.
Rapid growth in demand for high-speed, high-level hdi, and other pcb products, companies take advantage of the structural opportunities of the industry, continuously increase capacity utilization, and the future release of plant capacity in Thailand is expected to lead to higher earnings from overseas customers. In the area of envelope boards, companies have the advantage of technological innovation, fc-bga envelopes, fc-csp seals, fc-csp seals, etc.
In the field of electronic packaging, the company continues to grow in strength by maintaining its strategy of deep-ploughing large customers.
According to the Centre and Automobile Electronics Market, sustained robust growth has been achieved, with companies at the forefront of pcb, benefiting from strong demand from the pcb products in the areas of communications and data centres, while sealing the base plate has accelerated the import of new products and new customers, and the company ' s future performance
A sustained high growth is expected, with “buy-a” ratings being covered for the first time. Raw materials supply and price volatility risk: one of the major risks facing companies is the supply and price volatility of key raw materials.
There are large fluctuations, which have a direct impact on the company’s production costs and Maori rates. While companies stabilize the supply of raw materials by entering into long-term procurement contracts and optimizing supply chain management strategies, further price increases or tight supply of these raw materials in the future may lead to higher production costs for the company, which may be profitable.
Market demand volatility risk: While corporate orders in the area of ai servers and data centres are strong \triangleright, demand in these markets has a certain cyclical nature. If global economic growth slows down in the future or
Changes in the direction of relevant technology development may lead to a weakening of downstream demand, affecting the volume of orders and income performance of companies. Moreover, as competition in the market increases, client procurement decisions may be more cautious, which may also lead to increased uncertainty about demand, and firms need to pay close attention to market changes and adjust in a timely manner.
Technology R & D and innovation risks: The company ' s leading position in the pcb and enveloped base plate areas is dependent on continuous technological innovation and R & D inputs. However, there is some uncertainty about technology R & D, especially in the development of high-end enveloped base plates and complex multi-layer pcbs, where new technologies have a long research and development cycle and input
Costs are higher. If firms fail to achieve technological breakthroughs as scheduled or new technologies fail to be marketed in a timely manner, this may result in uncollectible R & D inputs, thus affecting the profitability of companies. Moreover, as firms rapidly develop their technologies, they also face the risk of new technologies replacing existing products and how to respond effectively.
The market challenges posed by technological innovation are issues that companies will need to focus on in the future.
A range of challenges in the areas of customer outreach, supply chain alignment, management culture, human resources, etc., if not adequately addressed or would have a negative impact on the construction and long-term development of overseas affiliates. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.