Deep South circuit (002916), electronics, digital output scarcity highlighted and profit structure continued to improve at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of performance: In the first half of 2024, companies achieved revenue of $8.32 billion, an increase of 37.9% in the same year, and optimized product structure of .pcb, which boosts the growth of parentage, keeping in view the scarcity of full capacity. The company raised the 24q2 Māori ratio by 2.0 pp, the net profit ratio by 4.4 pct, and increased profitability.
The driving force for the continued improvement of corporate q2 profits is the following: 1)ai servers, switchboards, egs server structures The increase in the delivery of high value added products compared to high-problem upgrades, light modules, etc., has a significant positive contribution to the profit margins of pcb operations; 2) slow recovery of electronic demand for end consumption, mems, rf, processor repository-led load
Prices have recovered, bt crop rates have risen, and prices have warmed. We believe that, with the outbreak of demand for a one-server, 800g switchboard, high-end supply strains have gradually emerged, and deep south circuits have become increasingly asset-scarce as the frontlines of the truncpcb industry.
• Medium- and long-term dimensions focus on the company’s abf board project releasing rhythm. bt board, with a gradual recovery in the terminal storage/radio frequency/mems industry since the Shenzhen I and II plants, bt board crop rate rising markedly, and we expect a steady increase in the company’s soilless plant II crop rate. abf board, with a wide core currently positioning high abf
It is expected that the product will be more than $6 billion in national production replacement and that the product will now be actively imported into the home of gpu/cpu, and we believe that the abf board project is expected to become the company's 1st deep south circuit (002916), in the next 3-5 years: focus on the digital field pcb
Growth and the release rhythm of the abf project (2024-04-26) Scenario 1: printing circuit boards, we assume a steady upturn in the company ' s crop rate between 2024 and 2026, with a run-off of goods
Assumption 2: With regard to the sealing of the base plate, we assume that the company will benefit over the next three years from the release of the tin-free plant and the wide core, with the corresponding dynamic pe 23 times, 19 times, and 18 times, respectively. When considering the scope of the operation, we have selected four listed companies in the pcb industry for valuation purposes.
From a pe perspective, the industry averaged 32 times more than that in 2024. The company’s pcb business advantage was consolidated, the ic-board scheme continued to break high-end and performance showed a high-quality growth trend, and we believe that the company’s profits were expected to be accompanied by crop rates and crop rates.
The company is the leader of the industry in the pcb and the envelopes, and the pcb business is expected to continue to benefit from server and vehicle use, in addition to the bt board and the abf board, which are two major areas of layout, which will continue to fill gaps in national production, and will open up over 6 billion production space for future wide core production. We give the deep south circuit 2024.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.