Pharmacy Mingkund (603259.ch/2359.hk): 1q22 kernel plate overexpected, crdmo continuously guided super-high acceleration 1q22 income and adjusted net profits of non-ifrs increased by 71/86 per cent and chemistry, respectively
Flow and capacity releases, high-growth certainty of subsequent performance, and attractive current valuations (approximately 0.8 x 2022 epeg), reiterating the corporate a/port unit “buy-in” rating and prudent downward adjustment of target • 1q22 strong excess guideline: 1q22 income/adjusted net noon-ifrs growth on a par
1q22 income growth of 78.5% and Māori increase of 1.1ppt.
To 35.7% income from laboratory analysis and testing services increased by 40%, clinical coro and smo services increased by 27% from medical equipment testing operations. -Wuxibiology income increased by 26% to 500 million, and non-ifrs Māori increased by 4.2pcts
To 41.4 per cent of these, with a strong 110 per cent increase in income from new molecules and biopharmaceutics, accounting for between 37 and 300 million. Noon-ifrs Māori rate - 7.5 per cent, mainly due to the new Shanghai port base and Philadelphia base, which are still in the production capacity climb phase.
The Māori rate will improve in the future as the utilization rate increases. wuxiddsu’s income fell by 22% to 200 million and the non-ifrs Māori rate fell by 14.2 pcts to 52 weeks’ share price range (port currency)
33.1 per cent, mainly as a result of company initiatives to upgrade operations, new R & D projects are based on innovative drugs, and the difficulty of R & D and its long cycle have a negative impact on current revenues and profitability.
• Maintain the “buy-in” rating: we maintain the 2022-24e financial forecast unchanged. Given the increased long-term uncertainty associated with the changing global financing environment and recurrent epidemics, we are cautious about investing risks: fluctuations in investment returns; geopolitical risks; and project failures or delays due to the epidemic.
Figure 1: Profit projections and financial indicators
Pulse and Yin International co-existed with crdmo, 1q22 small molecule drug discovery (r) income increased by between 47% and 1.74 billion yuan, 80% of which increased by 80%.
From the global long-tail clients (small- and medium-sized biotech companies), companies have served more than 400 clients in small molecule discovery operations, mostly long-tail clients; the income from process R & D and production (d+m) increased by 138 per cent to $4.37 billion, benefiting from the blow-out growth of new projects under the “followers”, “winners” strategy.
There were 217 new molecules (vs.1q21:169) in the company ' s 1q22 pipeline, with a total of 1,808 molecules at the end of the period, 42 in the commercialization phase and 49 in the iii phase.In addition, the company has synthesized 335,000 new compounds in the last 12 months as at 31 March.
Moleculars increased by more than 20,000 (i.e. 1q22 new synthetic compounds increased by more than 20,000 on a year-on-year basis) compared to 310,000 for the year 2021; and optimized production magnification from r to d, with a total of 5,525 synthetic compounds of 100 g size and above in the last 12 months.
Client penetration continues to increase under the “Longtail” strategy, with cross-practice synergies deepening: 1q22 new clients contributing 75 per cent over the year, while 2 per cent of total revenue comes from new clients. Companies cover an increasing number of small and medium-sized clients with strong innovation potential under the “Longtail” strategy, with 1q22 full clients.
A 39% increase in income from clients other than the top 20 pharmaceutical companies continues to widen the synergy between the different business sectors, with the share of total income increasing to 39%.
Three-phase projects in the Länder. 1q22 million in capital spending. This year, the overall capital expenditure is planned to be 9-10 billion (2021: 7 billion), which will continue to increase capacity by 70%. wuxitesting capacity is also expanding, with 15,000 square metres in Chengdu (non-gmp toxicology) and Nanjing (dmpk) being used in the near future.
The 55,000 square metres laboratory in Suzhou and Kaidong is under construction as planned, with new molecular/new technology platforms expected to become active in mid-2023, and industry leaders are further consolidated: 1q22 vinyl nucleic acid and multipolar drug process development and production services earning RMB 251 million in revenues, compared to the number of clients involved
In terms of cell/genetic treatment, there are currently 74 projects, 8 of which are in clinical iii, 4 of which are in Nda/bla preparation.
The Tesa technology platform for the production of non-transited gland-related viruses has increased by 10 times as much as the current production rate based on particle-based methods. There are currently 14 Tesa projects under evaluation.
The company has been included in the “White List” of Shanghai's first batch of restarts, which has reached 80-100% in Shanghai, and the capacity utilization rate has gradually recovered from 50% from the beginning to high. The supply of raw materials has been hampered by short logistics.
As of April 25th, 2022,
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected
(c) Client access and project progress are better than expected;
Euro-American pharmaceutical companies have reduced R & D spending and suspended R & D projects, leading to less than expected revenues from companies, especially from the Euro-American region;
The failure of projects at the R & D stage has resulted in loss of clients and an impact on income.
Pessimistic scenario: corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected and the globalization of the new crown pneumonia epidemic could lead to a recession, Europe and America.
(b) Mergers and acquisitions by companies to expand their operations have increased their total income better than pharmaceutical companies have reduced R & D spending and suspended R & D projects, resulting in lower than expected revenues, especially from the European and American regions;
The failure of projects at the R & D stage has resulted in loss of clients and an impact on income.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.