Tons. Increase by 50%, with the Ningde era contributing close to 10,000 tonnes: offshore customers start at the lig, the base price of the electrolyte is stable, the raw material advantage is becoming more prominent, and the profit level is rising on a seasonal basis. The electrolytic fluid price has remained at 3$38-40.000 per ton for almost two years, and the base area of lithium nearly 30,000 per ton is fine.
We expect the entire electrolysis fluid price to be stable for 20 years, with a small industry, a stable pattern, and a less volatile price of the main raw materials. At the company level, 1) gifted materials plus large upstream raw materials and new lithium salt layouts, home-made liquids, six fluorine, cost 15-20% less than industry.
The company currently produces 1.2 tons of HFC, of which 0.4 million tons in solid form, 0.8 million tons in liquid form (jointly with the central nitro) and 32,000 tons in production are expected to be produced by the end of 2020, with additional capacity mainly in liquid form. The loss of impairment in the operation of mining and batteries has been largely eliminated.
For two years in a row, as a result of the rapid decline in lithium mine prices, a total of 240 million + damages and losses are projected for 19 years for company mining and positive front-loading operations. In addition, battery operations are expected to lose + about 50 million, resulting in a total of nearly 300 million losses and q1 positive q1 performance.
Pre-drive and battery operations continue to suffer a small loss, with 20q2 starting to lose and a small profit throughout the year. The release of pre-phosphate ex-carriage capacity is expected to benefit from the return of lithium.
(b) At the same time, it is assessed that solar profitability has improved significantly and that 30,000 tons of iron phosphate have been produced, forming the positive chain of iron phosphate plus lithium phosphate.
219-08-29 Effective digestion of sulphuric acid by-products from the lithium hexafluorate production line and recycling economy.
Clients, including Biadi, Guinang, etc., are expected to benefit from a return of lithium in 20 years to make a profit. A review: Performance is expected to improve on a quarterly basis – the second stock incentive programme was announced in March 19 and the reserved portion was awarded in December.
In March 19 the company 3 March, the annual report: The price of electrolyte + the new business culture.
More than 450 people, including mid-level managers of companies and holding companies, core technicians, etc. In December, pre-encumbrances were completed, with stock options of 86.1 million shares and restricted shares of 26.3 to 326x/27x/19x. Given that the company is an electrolyte tap, the main customer needs are restored
The electrolytic fluids increase cost control, the level of profit is rising on a quarterly basis, the electrolyte taps are strong and are expected to reach 75,000 tons + for 20 years, a 50 per cent increase over the same period, and overseas clients increase: overseas clients start at log, we expect overseas customers to increase by about 5,000 tons in 2020, and overseas share rises.
The base price of the electrolyte is flat, the advantage of the raw material is gradually dominant, and the profit level is rising on a seasonal basis. The price of the electrolyte is maintained for almost two years at $3.88-4 million per ton, the base area of lithium nearly 30,000 per ton, and the industry shuffling is initially completed. We expect that the overall price of the electrolyte will be stable for 20 years, with the industry becoming more profitable and the pattern stable, and the price of the main raw materials will be less volatile.
At the company level 1) gifted materials increase upstream raw materials and new lithium salt layouts, home-made liquid H6F, cost 15-20% less than industry 1.2 tonnes of current H6F capacity, of which 0.40 tonnes are solid and 0.80 tonnes liquid (with the Central Nitrogen Company) is leading in the field of new lithium salt. The “5800 tonnes New Lithium Salt Project” is under construction, mainly in research and development.
Lithium bifluorosulfonamide (Lifsi), the most industrially promising new electrolytic at present, is primarily used to address the high-temperature life of batteries and is considered to be an effective substitute for lithium hexafluoride. The company’s new lithium salt production is currently about 600 tons, mainly for Tesla and other 811 battery products.
The company has invested in the upstream lithium mining business for 17 years, with a sharp fall in lithium mine prices for two years in a row, and we expect the company's mineral selection and positive preponderance operations for 19 years to be impaired.
Q1's positive frontal drive and battery operations are expected to continue with a small loss of 20q2 and a small profit from the year as a whole. The release of pre-phosphate excavated capacity is expected to benefit from the return of iron lithium.
Lithium, 2000 plus tons in 19 years, with capacity of 30,000 tons in 2020; while 30,000 tons of iron phosphate (the pre-lithium phosphate drive) has been produced, forming the positive chain of the phosphate + lithium phosphate, which effectively digests sulphuric acid by-products of the lithium hexafluorate production, leading to a recycling economy. The company ' s phosphate clients include Biadi, the Kuenang, etc., are expected to benefit in 20 years.
Figure 5: Positive material project equity incentive target of 510 million in 2020.
In December, the granting of the reserve was completed, with an equity option of 86.15 million shares and restricted shares of 263,000 shares, and with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been in possession of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board.