WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
Best effort to ensure business continuity
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB67.53
WuXi AppTec reported revenue of RMB40.3bn in 2023, up 2.5% YoY,
(Previous TP
RMB116.01)
attributable recurring net income of RMB9.7bn, up 16.8% YoY, and attributable
Up/Downside
32.9%
adjusted non-IFRS net income of RMB10.9bn, up 15.5% YoY. Revenue was in-
Current Price
RMB50.81
line with Bloomberg consensus while attributable adjusted non-IFRS net income
China Healthcare
beat the consensus by 6.3%. Excluding revenue from the COVID-19 commercial
project, the Company delivered impressive revenue growth of 25.6% YoY in
Jill WU, CFA
2023, despite the challenging environment in global CXO industry. For 2024E,
management expected the reported revenue of WuXi AppTec to fall in the range
of RMB38.3-40.5bn, representing a decline of 5.1% YoY to growth of 0.4% YoY.
Benchen HUANG, CFA
Excluding revenues from commercial projects related to COVID-19, the revenue
is expected to rise by 2.7% to 8.6% YoY. Furthermore, management anticipates
the adjusted non-IFRS net income margin will remain approximately on par with
Stock Data
the 2023 level, thanks to the company's ongoing efforts to enhance operational
efficiency, new capacity coming online, and the impact of FX fluctuations.
Solid business development in 2023. With a solid phase synthesizer
capacity of 32k L for peptide production, TIDES revenue remarkably grew
Source: FactSet
by 64.4% YoY in 2023, on top of 337% YoY growth in 2022. Notably,
Shareholding Structure
backlog of TIDES as of Dec 2023 dramatically increased by 226% YoY.
Drug safety assessment and SMO business experienced revenue growth of
27.3% and 26.1% YoY, further solidifying the leading positions in their
respective markets. ATU is working on two commercial projects and is
Share Performance
advancing another two potential commercial projects. Starting to receive
royalty income in 2023, DDSU obtained NMPA approvals for three new
drugs developed for its customers with another two in NDA review stage.
WuXi AppTec is actively cooperating with its customers to ensure
Source: FactSet
business continuity. The management of WuXi AppTec has reaffirmed
12-mth Price Performance
their position, stressing that the company is not involved in the human
genomics sector and maintains no ties with any political entities,
9590858075706560555045Mar-23
governments, or military organizations, thereby not posing national security
threats to any nation. The management also emphasized that WuXi
AppTec's client relationships remain robust, evidenced by several
customers entering into discussions for long-term contracts for their
advanced-stage projects. These negotiations are made possible by the
utilization of the "Grandfather Clause" incorporated in a revised draft bill
Source: FactSet
brought before the US Senate.
Share buyback to show confidence in the Company. WuXi AppTec has
already cancelled RMB1.2bn H-shares under its 2023 H-share Award
Scheme. Following the completion of RMB1bn A-share repurchase in Feb
2023, the Company is in progress to repurchase another RMB1bn A-share.
Maintain BUY. To factor in the uncertainties from geopolitical risks, we cut
our TP from RMB116.01 to RMB67.53 (based on a 10-year DCF model with
WACC of 10.73% and terminal growth of 2.0%). We forecast revenue to
grow by -3.0%/ +10.3%/ +11.1% YoY and adjusted non-IFRS net income to
grow by -5.5%/ +10.8%/ +12.9% YoY in 2024E/ 25E/ 26E, respectively.
Earnings Summary
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 2: CMBIGM estimates vs consensus
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.