The company evaluation report is a better structure for the entire electrical sector, and the business is working together.
□ The pace of performance is as expected, and the business panels perform well. The United States Group reported in 2018 that it achieved gross operating income of $14,373.6 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 15.02% over the previous half; the three major business units of the United States, namely, heating and air conditioning, consumer appliances, robotics, performed the best.
It still accounts for the highest share of heating and air conditioners, with 63.874 billion yuan, an increase of 27.69 per cent, a Māori rate of 30.25 per cent, an increase of 1.04 pct, a clear advantage for the air-conditioning industry, and a second revenue of 55.279 billion yuan, an increase of 6.6 per cent and a Māori rate of 27.56 per cent, respectively.
By comparison, 0.28 pct: The third-largest robot earns $12.502 billion, and by comparison □ full product-based integration plus software support, the company deepens sales changes.
□ There is a steady growth of overseas brands. Overseas markets need to develop autonomous brands to make long-term sales.
The company promotes the pilot operation of overseas regional headquarters, with ASEAN and India operating independently, strengthening the integration of regional market production and marketing systems and enhancing the convergence effect; exploring offshore power vendor platforms and models to speed up online outreach; and exploring overseas branch product managers to strengthen controls.
In the first half of the year, income from overseas ownership of brand names has increased in double digits. □ Toshiba’s synergy continues.
In overseas markets, with a focus on ASEAN, China, India, North America; and in Chinese markets, there is an all or part of the Toshiba complex in one- or two-line cities, which is paved with Skycats. Moreover, there is continuous integration in value chains, organization and process optimization.
□ Actively promote the development of Kuka and its subordinate robots in the fields of industrial robotics, medical care, and warehousing automation. Increasing the number of orders for the Kuka operation has been better developed in the field of industrial robotics, such as those for industrial robotics in China, which provide tens of millions of euros for the new energy sources of the wide-breathing subsidiary of the BG;
It combines robots with automated business platforms to promote more than 30 domestic electric power plants in the United States, to launch an industrial automation project that will raise robots to a density of 1.5 per 10,000 in the future to 625 per 10,000 in the medium and long term and maintain a “recommended” rating.
In the six months following the report’s release, the firm/industry ups and downs were compared to the upwards and drops in the index/subsidiary index for the same period.
Synchronization of markets: The rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuates between ~5 ~ + 5 %; there will be no change. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities in the report.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek investment banking or other services for these companies.