On August 31, the company published its semi-annual report for 2018, which resulted in $142.6 billion in revenues during the reporting period.
14.6% long; net return to mother $12.9 billion increased by 19.7% on a year-on-year basis, diluting the return of $1.94 per share; income growth was robust, with the best air-conditioning units growing 13% in the first quarter of the second quarter, a slight slowdown from the first quarter of the first quarter.
The air-conditioning industry grew by 28 per cent, the fastest and most robust part of all operations, and the heating and air-conditioning industry also accounted for the largest share of corporate activity, accounting for 44 per cent in the first half of the year; the consumer electrical business grew by 6.7 per cent in the same year, including 14 per cent in the washing of clothes; and the Kuka income fell in the first half of the year.
Land revenue grew by 23 per cent, while foreign revenue grew by 5 per cent. The channel structure showed 25 billion electricians selling in the first half of the year, increased retail end-of-end pressure in the air-conditioning sector, uncertainty in export operations, and potential improvements in consumer appliances.
The Māori rate has risen significantly, and the net interest rate has remained stable. The Māori rate in the first half of the year was 1.9 percentage points higher than in the same period last year.
The first half of the company’s net profit rate was 0.38 percentage points higher than in the same period last year. The second half of the year, as the company continued to drive the Toshiba business to lose, and to promote the localization of the Kuka China joint venture, there is scope for further improvements in the company’s profitability.
The company’s cash is $91.5 billion in cash, up considerably from the same period last year. The company’s other current liabilities are $32.2 billion, an increase of $6 billion compared to the end of last year, mainly for sales returns and pre-installed maintenance costs.
Incentives to motivate employees. Repurchase supports market confidence. Based on the company ' s better career manager system, the company has introduced multi-phase equity incentive schemes and multi-phase partner-holding schemes, with a greater motivation to move employees.
The purchase plan, which had been repurchased by about $1.8 billion by the end of August, is better supporting market confidence.
Summary Evaluation Report of the United States Group (000333): Coca-Cardonzi Cotage, good trends in internal and external sales. Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
Marko, graduate from the University of Nankai, has been working on civil securities in 2011 for strategic studies. From 2014 to the present, he has been transferred to research in the household electricity industry.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,