The American group (000333.sz) Wang Wei Chul
Repurchase shares, value, and long-term development of the company Events: The company announces that it will buy back shares of the company through a centralized competitive bidding process with no more than $4 billion of its own capital, with no more than $50 per share.
The limited holdings of the United States underscore confidence that the company's intention to buy back shares with large sums of money strongly demonstrates the company's commitment to the future.
Prospective confidence and recognition of the bottom of the company’s value, as well as the cancellation of the company’s stock after the company’s maximum buy-back, will enhance investor confidence and facilitate the return of the company’s share price to the centre of value. The company’s $4 billion buy-back will not have a significant impact on the company’s operations.
Household power taps, home power masters, will continue to grow robustly: after many years of development, the company has built a home power business centred on air conditioning, refrigerators, washing machines, small household appliances, and has grown to be the leader of the household electricity industry, with all product groups in the leadership of the industry. The company has maintained its net profit rate for the last five years.
Over 15%, a steady growth has been achieved. We believe that, against the backdrop of increased real-estate sales and consumption last year, domestic domestic electricity will continue to grow robustly. Companies will increase their influence in Asia and Europe by buying brands like Toshiba and Clivet.
Robot business is a new growth point in the future: the company has been in the robotic industry for years, and in 2017, by buying kuka, it was directly in the vanguard of the robotics industry.
Only 12%, but we believe that with the loss of the demographic dividend and the demand for industrial upgrading, domestic industrial machines will have greater scope for development, and Kuka, with the help of the United States, will speed up the expansion of the domestic market, will greatly share the dividends of the rapid growth of the domestic robot industry, and will become a new company in the future.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: In the short term, with the continued roll-out of upgraded products and a reduction in kuka amortization, we believe that the company’s performance in 2018 will be better restored. In the medium and long term, the company’s integration of Toshiba, clivet, etc., will enhance its technological strength and its global presence.
The impact will benefit the long-term growth of the company, and the consolidation of the Kuka Group will allow the company to stand directly at the height of smart manufacturing, increase efficiency and expand new growth. We are not considering buying back, and the company is planning to buy back large amounts of money, highlighting a good view of future development and recognition of the bottom of the company's value.
However, we maintain the “buy-in” investment proposal. chinaresearchdept. expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.