I've seen a lot of things happen, and I've seen a lot of things happen, and I've seen a lot of things happen, and I've seen a lot of things happen, and I've seen a lot of things happen.
On 4 July, the U.S. Group issued a repurchase plan for the purchase of shares up to $4 billion, the repurchase price up to $50/share, and an estimated 80 million or more shares, approximately public.
The large-scale repurchase of shares demonstrates management's confidence in the long-term value of the company, the total amount of which does not exceed $4 billion, which, if fully implemented, would be the largest conventional buy-back in the history of a stock, and the large-scale repurchase of shares would significantly boost market confidence.
The strategic vision and medium- and long-term pattern of management shows sufficient confidence in the strategy at the present juncture of a multi-dimensional expansion of the enterprise.2 Adequate asset protection and assurance of certainty in the follow-up strategy
The company maintains substantial surplus funds to ensure the smooth running of the following high-end branding, overseas expansion, machine-enabling capabilities and research and development.1 The American Group (000333) In-depth Report: Successive Pluralism
3.1-May main product harvests grew strongly and performance levels were strong.2 The company ' s flagship air conditioning camp was tested in January-May 18 by the company ' s company ' s financial reporting points (American group 000333.sz) according to the Ovi Cloud Network retail data platform
The cost of traditional business has risen, and at the beginning of the transformation of the science and technology group, the collection reached $11,232 million, up 27.6 per cent from the previous year, followed by a sub-point review of the major products refrigerators, 3, and the American (000333.sz) incident: kuka
During the summer season, during the main months of the first half of the year, the certainty of growth will be driven by the year-round 4 United States Group (000333), Study Brief: Diversity, the “brain” of the layout, 2018-01-15.
East’s financial and intellectual boom, the beautiful group (000333), which is the leading firm in terms of growing corporate confidence, which covers the entire chain of household electricity, has a clear strategic advantage in the medium and long term. It has now emerged as a market for all available goods.
Robust security, with the expansion of the overseas region as a medium-term growth point, and the investment of the robotic industry as a long-term new track for the industry. The company will withdraw its brand brand before the end of the year in order to expand its share of high-end household power, with a focus on the capture of regional dominance by such global home-dwelling areas as South-East Asia and India, and has begun to transform the production capacity of kuka industrial robots to take over China’s blue-sea market.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the group of the United States (000333), the growth of corporate confidence and strong performance.
Chang Yang is the fourth in the real estate industry. In 2016, he invested in Tianyang Real Estate today.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.