On 31st of August 2018, the United States Group (000333) reported for the semi-annual 2018 review of the United States Group.
The rate of increase in revenue was as expected, with HAC leading the first half of the year and market expectations. Of this, HAC was 63.874 billion, up 27.69 per cent from the previous year, leading to an increase in the main camp.
According to the industry online, the central air conditioning sector is running for nearly 20% of the market share for five consecutive years. In addition, consumer appliance businesses received $55,279 million, an increase of 6.66%, as a result of the consolidation of the Kuka business and short-term pressure on the robotic business.
A decline of 8.11 per cent over the same period, but the combined effects of business restructuring have been evident at the profit end, with a significant increase of 9.73 per cent in the Māori rate of robotics, a constant change in the structure of industry, a source of financial growth in the East, technological innovation as an internal nuclear power source, and the power of consumer electrical products to guide the entire industry.
Companies have continued to increase their investment in research and development and innovation, and have built up their capacity to produce their own products, particularly in consumer appliances, through high-end, market-sweeper targeting. In addition to the upgrading of traditional high-end technologies in the area of ice washing, companies have developed core technology in the first half of the year in a variety of new and emerging consumer appliances, such as dry clothes, dishwashers, hh cooking, ovens, vacuum cleaners, etc.
The industrial advantage of Ken and the accumulation of products. I conducted an in-depth study of the small household electricity market, which focused on vacuum cleaners, water purifiers, dishwashers, utensils, etc., into long-term categories, with companies taking the lead, with a large number of superior products concentrated in saengta. The company will demonstrate the technological advantages of diversification of its products in the ensuing large-scale cycle of domestic electricity consumption and will constitute a driving force for sales in the long term.
Outgrower distribution in ASEAN, India, with a huge global potential for home-based electricity, has accelerated global operations, especially in Asian markets, since the acquisition of Toshiba White.
A total of 43.8% of companies have taken the lead in independently operating in ASEAN and India, strengthening the integration of regional market production and marketing systems, and promoting the integration of platforms with Toshiba, with a focus on overseas product lines in ASEAN, India, etc. According to our pre-United States Group in-depth research, ASEAN and Indian domestic electricity markets are still in demand at high speeds and long-terms, with almost 50% coverage of national ice-washing, especially air-conditioning coverage.
Millions, 509 million, and 707 million, the market phase is roughly the same as our country's 1990s, is in the lowlands of the global domestic electricity market, and has gradually demonstrated its regional capacity for acceleration. According to jraya, India's demand for air conditioners increased by more than 6 pct more than the global rate in 2015-2017, and the company's regionalization profile will further highlight its strategy as ASEAN, India, and the economic capacity of its residents improves.
China’s robotics operations have expanded rapidly, and America’s Kuka synergies are beginning to show that the company accelerated the distribution of the industrial robotics track during the reporting period, merged the Chinese operations of the Kuka subsidiary, Rishig, and formed a joint venture with the United States to accelerate the expansion of the Chinese market in the three main areas of industrial robotics, medical care, and warehousing automation.
Human production bases, and investment in key technologies for human collaboration and movement, have consolidated the technological advantage of Kuka. With the consolidation of America’s corporate resources, the Kuka robots have also continued to expand their operations in Asia, for example by seizing tens of millions of euros in orders from China’s regional gas company, and acquiring orders from Malaysia’s mineral-water manufacturer, Spritzer, to automate storage and production.
To accelerate the break-through of core parts, the development, production, and sale of power servers, drives, sports controls, etc. have gradually become more home-grown. More than 30 domestic power plants under the United States are working together on industrial automation projects, absorbing robotic capacity and increasing manufacturing levels, raising the level of industrial robotics from 150 to 625 per 10,000 people.
The company, as a leader in the whole-sector chain of home-based electricity products, has increased its income and profitability in the first half of the year, diversified its domestic sales products, its technical specialization, and consolidated its product advantages in the entire field of domestic electricity, particularly by upgrading the power of small household electricity products to create a strong basis for the next large cycle of home-based consumption options. The company’s external market focus is placed on global domestic power depressions such as ASEAN, India, and the potential growth space for export operations.
In conjunction with Kuka ' s pioneering effect in expanding the Asian industrial robotic market, firm performance in the medium and long term is more certain.
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. In the 2014-million information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasts are the third most accurate real estate industry." Today, 2016, Investing in the SkyEyoma Real Estate industry analyzes my own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies