The American group [000333.ch], we expect the company to sell in the first half of 2018 at a rate that is consistent with the year's expectations, as domestic demand for air conditioners, ice boxes, and washing machines is strong. It is expected that the growth in the sales of KCs and cooking power will slow.
The impact of taxes is expected to be felt, but due to the weakening of the renminbi, we expect that the American bloc will be weakened in the second half of 2018 and the impact of the company’s delay in launching high-end brand products. The AC sales are expected to support performance in the first half of 2018.
Long, because the US has carefully suspended delivery to high-stock distributors in the first half of the year. Because of the weak price of the car market: RMB 46.28 (1 August 2018), the Kuka grew less than expected in the second quarter, but is expected to perform better in the second half of the year.
In 2017, the United States exported about $2 billion in commodities to the United States, representing about 5% of total sales. Of the $2 billion in corporate exports, Trump’s first round of tariffs would only affect between $200 million and $250 million. If the United States were to implement the second round of tariffs, another estimated $400 million would be available.
U.S. exports benefit from the devaluation of the renminbi. As one of China’s larger electricity exporters, the recent weakening of the renminbi will make the U.S. more competitive at prices or price-fixing capabilities and support its export operations.
And, because a large part of America’s international sales are produced in Brazil, Viet Nam, and other countries, the impact will be milder. We estimate that a 5% devaluation of the renminbi would result in a pre-tax gain for the United States in 2019. Net foreign exchange assets mean a gain on exchange. As of December 2017, America held 4 billion people.
The currency’s net foreign exchange assets and its euro debt of about €32 billion. We know that most of its euro debt is based on 16 times the target market rate of 2019, and we believe that this valuation is reasonable for an enterprise with diversified operations and a profit growth of more than 20 per cent.
Jeffdorr - Analyst Zhang Kai - Analyst Jang Fung - Director of Research
[000333.ch] 2018h1 salessouldbeinlinewithfull-yearextactionsinviofslong domesticdemandforacs.refrigerators, andwashingMachines.slower
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2018h2andto2019 dueurtormbweakness.wereduceourtargateprice fromrm67trb63toacaccountforafundforasofteningmacrobackdropandthe delayedprodactlaunchofmidea'shigh-endbrand.
Inventive highlights anccelerated tossuppport 2018h1.weexpectmidea'shvactogrow ~40% yoy, with refrigeratorandwashing machinènes growing ~20% yoy.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
@targetprice: rmb63 (+36%) automaret, butisexpecedtodeliverbetterresourcesinth2.tradewarconcernsoverblown.in2017,mideaexported ~US$2bnof
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We've got 400 mofmideports wouldbeaffected.midea'sexportstobenefromprundepciation.asoneofchina's.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, I'm gonna have to do something about it, because I'm gonna do something about it, and I'm gonna do something about it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm gonna do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, shareoutstanding netforexassessmentlypotentialtranslationgain.asofdec.2017, freefloat
I'm sorry, madeldrm4bnofusdexpoureand~rmb32bnofeurodebt exposure.weunderstandtmostofitseurodebtishedged, andestimate thatsingledigitrmbrepsystem2017levelswouldresultin
3mavgdailyt/o: majorshareholders:
(34%) tracktodeliver 10-15% revenuegrovethin2018h1, versusourfull-year sources: company, bloomberg
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Rmb63isedon16x2019eps, whichwebelieveisjustiablefora businesswithdiversiedfranchiseandarrowsgrovetabove 20% anzhang-analyst
If you're not in the mood, you're in a position to do it, and you're in a position to do it.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Note: ignoreshingeffectsoutsideofkukadebt export stobenefitfromprmbdepciation in 2017, mideabookedrm104bnof241bnofsalesininternationalmarkets.thisfigure
Includedkuka'sssalesfromidea'sfactoriesoutsideofchina.mideoperates manufacturingplantsinbrazil, argentina, italy, belarus, egypt, india, thailaland, vietnam, andjapan. drectsalestotheusareonly~5%ofmidea'soverallrevenue, with mostproductsgotoglobal
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's just that we've got to get to the bottom of it. We've got to get to the bottom of it. We've got to get to the bottom of it. We've got to get to the bottom of it. We've got to get to the bottom of it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The study is not directed at or intended to be issued or used by any person or citizen or entity within or outside the jurisdiction of certain jurisdictions, but it distributes, issues, offers or makes use of such jurisdictions that would be contrary to applicable local laws or regulations or would result in the registration or licensing of China's Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. (“Galactic International Securities”) and/or its group members within that jurisdiction.
Accuracy, correctness or completeness makes a statement or assurance (express or implied). This report should not be regarded as an offer, invitation or solicitation to purchase or sell securities quoted in any document. The past performance should not be regarded as an instruction or assurance of future performance, and the absence of a statement or assurance, express or implied, is made for the purpose of future performance.
The information, observations and projections in any part of the report reflect only the individual opinions and opinions of the analysts responsible for preparing the present report, which do not necessarily correspond to the investment decisions of Galactic International Finance Holdings Ltd. of China and its affiliated companies (“Galactic International of China”), directors, administrators, agents and employees (“associated persons”).