High-scoring, high-quality poles, value-added repair spaces Highlight events: 29 March 2023, China Sea Oil published its annual report for 2022. 2022, China Sea Oil (600938.sh)
The Division achieved business income of $422.23 billion, an increase of 71.56 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother of $141.7 billion; and in the fourth quarter of 2022, the company achieved operating income of $111,085 million, an increase of 53.74 per cent in the same year.
The average price of Brent crude oil was $99.04 per barrel, an increase of 44.56 per cent over the same period. In 2022, the company achieved an increase of $96.59 per barrel in the price of research assistant in the Xiaoping petrochemical industry, an increase of 42.27 per cent over the same period, and an increase of $8.58 per kilogram in the price of gas.
Ten thousand barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 8.88 per cent over the same year, of which 489.9 million barrels of oil liquid production were covered for the first time by China Ocean Oil (0883.hk) Report: High oil prices + low valuation + high dividends, China Sea oil
In the fourth quarter, the company ' s net oil and gas production amounted to 162.2 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 7.63 per cent over the same period, " First approved, China Sea oil rights valuation + ring ratio growth of 4.26 per cent, and natural gas production of 203 billion cubic feet, an increase of -146 per cent over the same period " .
Guyana is a major contributor to the growth of overseas production. In terms of reserves, companies confirmed in 2022 that the reserves had reached an all-time high of 6,239 million barrels of oil equivalent, with a replacement rate of 182%, and that the reserves were collected in China Sea Oil (600,938.sh): high oil prices + low
Valuation + high dividends continue to materialize, China and China oil booms have led to a significant increase in operating income, while the increase in special earnings under high oil prices has also led to business history opportunities (2022.04.21).
In 2022, the company doubled its profits and performed well. China Sea Oil (600938.sh): How China Sea Oil increased its capital expenditure on a year-on-year basis, and barrel oil costs were well controlled. In 2022, the company achieved capital expenditure.
\triangleright, 2201 Prospective + Special 21 Billion, with 23.9 billion yuan spent on production, provides a strong safeguard for future stock build-up.
Quarterly, companies achieved capital expenditure of $33.809 billion, an increase of 6.53 per cent over the same period, and ring growth.
$7,341 million. In 2022, in the context of the continued high international crude oil prices, corporate barrel oil increased beyond income tax due to the rise in oil prices. Other taxes include, among other things, Resources, Marine Hydrocarbons, 2022.10.17.
Taxes, cooperative block value-added taxes, municipal maintenance taxes and education surcharges.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
High dividends + low valuations with a high investment value. Public \triangleright payments amounted to 42.67% in the 2023 strategic outlook for China and China oil, leading the industry. On the other hand, compared to other oils, on the other hand,
Companies, companies, have shown greater profitability, weaker volatility, and better asset quality in the course of the oil price cycle. In the 2010-2020 oil price cycle, China and China have valued their h-shape history.
The reform policy has advanced, and the company has significant value-added repair space. \triangleright $11 billion, the largest increase of 7.32 per cent over the same year, of which exploration, exploitation and production expenditures are respectively
These include China’s 19-6 condensed gas fields [periodic development project, 12-3 oil field development project, Brazil Mero2 project overseas, Guyana Payara project, etc., with a peak yield of 162,000 barrels of oil equivalents per day, supporting the company’s future production goals.
It is argued that China Sea oil will continue to grow steadily in terms of oil and gas production and corporate profitability, facilitated by the domestic stock-raising policy and the implementation of the seven-year action plan by China Ocean Oil Group Limited.
\triangleright December 2023 Occ+ Implementation of a 2 million barrels/day reduction plan based on August 2022 production targets, taking into account the objective nature of the reduction in production in part of the country ' s capacity to increase production
In December 2022, the European Union launched a phased embargo on Russian crude oil and petroleum products, considering that the Western price limit of US$60 per barrel for Russian oil is close to the current price of Russian Ural crude oil.
The role of the sub-ship fleet in Russian oil shipments has been highlighted, and we believe that Western sanctions have had a more limited impact on Russian petroleum exports, while the United States has privately encouraged a number of large global trading companies to resume the transport of Russian oil in order to maintain a stable supply. By the end of 2022, the United States will have released a strategic reserve.
In 2023, the U.S. may be entering a replenishment cycle, with a 70-bail or bottom-up price, taking into account the high-quality shale oil inventory wells that are already heavily consumed, the U.S. shale oil companies are subject to investor constraints (dimensions, buybacks, debt repayments), supply chain shortages, high inflation costs,
A number of factors, such as the Government’s clean energy policy, have influenced the limited increase in capital spending and the lack of willingness to increase production, and we expect a slowdown in crude oil production in the United States in 2023. Moreover, production in the crude oil-producing regions of South America, such as Brazil, Guyana, and others, has gradually increased, but with limited increases, it is difficult to reverse the high supply tensions.
In 2023, we expect that the supply of crude oil will not be sufficiently resilient, that China’s economic recovery will boost global demand for crude oil, and that the oil price hub will be expected to remain high. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we predict the company’s net profits for 2023-2025, respectively.
\triangleright prices 5.84, 5.76 and 5.67 times, respectively, h shares are equal to 3.57, 3.52, 3.52 and 4.46 times. Considering that companies benefit from higher crude oil prices and increased production,
We maintain a “buy-in” rating of corporate shares a and h. Risk factors: recurring epidemics, economic fluctuations, and downside risk of oil prices; and the company’s low yield rate.
Nuclear expert member, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chair), research consultant in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years and chair of the “13th Five” National Coal Survey
From 2019 to the present, Li Chunjing, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, Nanjing University, were responsible for conducting research on the coal sector.
Research on large energy panels such as Lei, Gas, and others. High-level Doctor of Mining, Senior Engineer, former Minister of Investment and Management of Secondary Enterprises, China Coal Industry Group, Chinese University of Mining (Beijing), who worked for many years in coal mining, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the letter in June 2022.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States of America, has three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, in fictional research on applications for power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity research.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
In July 2022, they joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which works as a master of industrial economics at Jilin University, and in July 2022, in the coal and coal industry. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.