22 years of uplifting, and the prospect of increasing production in storage are wide-ranging keywords: #capacity expansion  oil prices are high, prices are high: companies seize the opportunity period of rising oil prices and profit levels are high at the same time as the odds.
In 2022, affected by geopolitical tensions, combined with low global crude oil stocks, the price of crude oil rose and the average Brent crude oil price increased by US$ 99.04 per barrel in 2022, or 40 per cent in the same year. In the context of high oil prices, the average oil price achieved by companies in the previous three quarters was US$ 101.40 per barrel, up from the same time.
55.8 per cent, largely in line with international oil price trends, achieved a total net production of 461.5 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 9.3 per cent over the same period; net production was targeted at 650-660 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2023, of which about China
The Department will continue to insist on increasing production from oil and gas reserves and increasing value-creation capabilities. Cost controls are excellent, increasing profit space: companies focus on reducing efficiency gains and keeping costs low.
Commonly reasonable levels, whether oil prices are high or low, maintain competitive and relatively stable costs. When new projects are considered for investment assessment, firms are strictly controlled over the size of their investments and economic indicators, and stress testing guarantees the normal conduct of projects in an extreme oil-price environment; companies insist.
Measures such as over-watering have increased the rate of oil harvests and increased reserves have reduced the cost of amortization of barrel oil; companies have optimized project construction, centralized processing, and reduced the cost of processing materials such as steel.  Oil prices are expected to remain high in 2023: supply ends: stress.
International oil companies continue to maintain a cautious and restrained production pace, with limited capital spending and insufficient willingness to increase production; insufficient and some decline in Russian crude oil production capacity as a result of sanctions; reduced supply elasticity, a strong willingness to lower production-base oil prices and increased Saudi price control capacity; and United States crude oil.
With limited output growth, persistent production bottlenecks, and a shift away from the release of strategic crude oil stocks in 2022, the economy has recovered further, both domestic and foreign, in the second half of the year, with demand at the top and bottom. Global demand for crude oil, both domestic and foreign, remains on the rise.
In view of the oil price performance in 2023, even in the context of the economic downturn caused by the two oil crises of the 1970s and 1980s, which combined with the US Federal Reserve interest rate hikes, we believe that the Saudi-led Oec+ was controlled by the Federal Reserve as a result of the recovery of the economy.
Production supports oil prices, non-opec is unable to increase production on a large scale, and a sharp drop in oil prices is likely to be smaller, or oil prices will continue to run at high levels.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies are highly profitable and cost-effective in the context of high oil prices
The first coverage gives a “buy-in” rating; sanctions; and high competitiveness in the oil and gas industry.
Three major financial forecasts for China Sea Oil and East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, have been assigned to the Securities Investment Advisory Board.