Pharmacy (603259.ch/2359.hk): Core industry 3q22 surge rebounds are visible; port stock increases are terminated
3q22 income and adjusted non-ifrs net return gain increased by 78/82% in the same year, 1-up 2.2pcts in the same year at constant exchange rates. In view of strong performance and cash flows, the Division decided to terminate the approved Hong Kong stock increase plan, but the capital expenditure plan remained unchanged.
• 3q22 accelerations over guidance, further increased to 70-72 per cent year-round: 3q22 earnings and large orders for small new crowns, with 121 per cent growth in North America and an increase in the share of total income. . wuxichemistry: 115 per cent growth in plate income (2q:102 per cent), non-ifrs Mäori
R & D and production revenues + 164%. Cutting the new crown contribution, plate income increased by 41% over the same period; New crown contributed $2.7 billion, ring equal to 2q, and we expect 4q new crown revenue to stabilize. 219 new molecules were added to the company's 3q22 pipeline, and 2,123 molecules were added to the end line.
Of these, 44 are in the commercial phase and 53 are in the iii phase. Taking into account the new .wuxitting: a 28 per cent increase in plate income (2q:17 per cent), the noon-ifrs Māori ratio rose by 6.6 pcts to 38.9 per cent, benefiting from the revival of domestic operations and offshore equipment testing operations.
Of these, revenues from laboratory analysis and testing services + 36%, clinical coro and smo + 10%. -Wuxibiology: plate income increased by 37% (2q:12%) with noon-ifrs Māori ratio • investment risk: fluctuations in return for investment; geopolitical risk; project failure or delayed epidemic.
Figure 1: Profit projections and financial indicators
The performance of the other business blocks 3q22 has improved. There are 67 projects in the board line, of which 8 are in clinical iii (4 are)
Nda/bla preparation phase, i.e., one project entered the iii phase in 3q. By the end of 3q, 38 Tesa projects were under evaluation (up 8 as compared to the end of 2q), with clients including six major biology technology/pharmaceutical enterprises. As the new production became operational, we expect overseas orders to drive high plate heights in the long term.
wuxiddsu: The income of the plate has fallen by 32%, the noon-ifrs Māori rate has fallen by 19.3 pcts to 28.0% on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of company initiatives to upgrade operations, new R & D projects have been based on innovative drugs, research and development difficulties have increased and the weekly period has become longer, with a negative impact on current revenues and profitability.
Parameters (alk inhibitors) and 5 clinical iii period molecules; 2) 15 new molecular types of clinical prefixes, including polyglues, protacs, oligonucleic acids, many of which are expected to be delivered by the end of the year or early next year
Figure 7: Pharmacy Condéh Unit (2359.hk) peband
As of October 26, 2022, Pilgrim International is optimistic and pessimistic.
Pessimistic scenario: Corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: Corporate growth is better than expected and new crown projects contribute significant income on a sustained basis over the next five years:
(b) Client access and project progress are better than expected;
(c) The new business creates more growth dynamics.
The failure of projects at the R & D stage, resulting in loss of customers, and the impact on income Pessimism: Corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimism: Corporate growth is better than expected
(c) Client access and project progress are better than expected:
Euro-American pharmaceutical companies have reduced R & D spending and suspended R & D projects, leading to less than expected revenues from companies, especially from the Euro-American region;
The failure of projects at the R & D stage has resulted in loss of clients and an impact on income.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.