Based on the cpu business, the horizontal expansion of the ai chip business, the national production of the ai chip for the historical opportunity period, the company is the leader of the national high-end processor, based on the cpu business, and the horizontal expansion of the ai chip business, which was established in 2014 and is mainly concerned with computing chip products and systems such as high-end processors, accelerators, etc.
R & D is one of a few companies with high-end processor research and development capabilities. In 22 years, the company received 98.84% of high-end processor operations and 1.16% of technical services operations; of these, s098051903002
High-end processor operations include generic processor (cpu) products and co-processor (dcu, i.e., ai chip) products, with a ratio of 90 per cent for cpu products in 21 years and 10 per cent for dcu products, which continues to rise as the dcu product is phased out.
cpu has a large market space, with the company's product performance leading the country. 1) The market space is wide: cpu has a 52-week generic maximum/minimum price Chinese x 86 server market size of $27 billion a year, assuming the cpu value is the total server value.
28% corresponding to 52.9 billion yuan market space in the country. 2) Corporate product advantage: (a) x 86 architecture is scarce: the existing server cpu is mostly x86 structure, domestic production x 86 architecture cpu manufacturers are only a few, with sealight information, magnified cores, etc., are scarce. 2) performance leads and have a price advantage:
In terms of domestic dimensions, the company cpu product indicators are the leading country; in terms of global dimensions, the company’s products have a strong price advantage in terms of their similarity to overseas cpu products. The i chip market is growing fast, the national production arithmetic chip is approaching the historical opportunity period.) Markets are growing fast:
According to gartner, the size of the global ichi chip market was $44.22 billion in 22 years, and is expected to reach $119.4 billion in 27 years, corresponding to 22.0 per cent for the cagr in 22-27 years; according to the Leap Panther Industries Research Institute, China's iai chip market in 22 years was estimated to be 95.4 billion yuan and expected to reach 1979 billion yuan in 25 years.
22-25 year cagr 27.5 per cent. 2) National production of ai chip for the historical opportunity period: U.S. upgrades to China export of ai chip control regulations, current market mainstream ai chip (a100, h100, a800, h800, l40s) Sealight Information (688041.sh)-2022 tri-quarter review: profit increases in the first three quarters
All are within the limit, unable to export to China, and the national production of the ai chip offers an opportunity. 3) Product advantage: Sealight Information (688041.sh) - Leaders of the National Microprocessor Industry - a) Eco-plus High Precision: The company's product is gpgpu, fully compatible with the rocm and cuda ecology.
Low cost and good matchability of migration; at the same time, product support fp64, which can be used in the area of high-precision calculations. (b) Excellent performance and comparative advantage: good performance and high value of corporate products compared to the overseas giants.
At the same time, the national production of the ai chip offers opportunities, and the market share is expected to continue. Risks, price increases for raw materials and production constraints; risk of technology catching up or substitution, etc. I. Sealight information: cpu-based, horizontal extension of dcu
1.1 Company profile: Leader of a high-end processor for national production. Company leader of a high-end processor for national products, mainly cpu and dcu. Established in 2014, the company is engaged in research and development of computing chip products and systems such as high-end processors, accelerators, and a few items of furniture.
One of the companies with high-end processor research and development capabilities. The company’s products are dominated by the Sealight General Processor (cpu) and the Sea Light Association Processor (dcu), which cover a wide range of areas such as enterprise computing, cloud computing data centres, big data analysis, artificial intelligence, marginal computing, etc., and meet the Internet, telecommunications, finance, transport, energy, small and medium-sized enterprises, etc.
At present, cpu and dcu products have been produced in volume, with fast-paced products, and in 2017, China launched the development of the Sealight I and Sealight II products, respectively, to locate the high-end processors of national production; and (ii) financing: in 2016, the sum of 400 million yuan in investment was achieved and product research and development was well advanced.
The catch-up period (2018-2023): cpu and dcu products achieve mass production and gradually narrow the gap with international advanced levels. 1) cpu products: sealight 1 achieves mass production in 2018, followed by rapid product rotation, sealight 3 in 22 has been commercialized, sealight 4 is under study and products have been well produced; 2) dcu products:
In 2018, R & D was launched for product one, in 2021 for volume one, in 2023 for commercialization, and in the ai calculation field, the gap with the leading overseas producers was gradually narrowed.
The new generation of cpu products (Sealight IV, Sealight V) and dcu products (Deep Count III) will accelerate. In the future, companies will be expected to gradually reach and outpace advanced product levels abroad, and their market share will rise.
State capital is dominated by a stable equity structure. China and Chengdu are the top two shares of the company, with 27.96% of the company, 17.00% of the company, stable equity structure, and no real control.
The Blue Sea canyon is a stock-holding platform for the company’s employees, and its chairman, Mr. Meng Jianxing, its managing director, Mr. Sha Tai Qun, and its secretary, Ms. Seo Wen-hyo, its deputy general director, together hold 23.68% of the platform and form a joint venture with the md to open the path to autonomous research and development.
The company has now achieved product iterative development on the basis of the technology authorized by the md. 1) Joint venture: the company, jointly with the md, has established two subsidiaries, Sealight and Light, to avoid it.
x86 Cross-authorization of potential disputes and md authorization of nuclear-related technologies for the x86 processor to the sealight integration (70 per cent sealight and 30 per cent amd) to the sea light microelectronics (49 per cent sealight holdings and 51 per cent amd shares) and of technologies related to the peripherals of the instrument to the sealight integration (70 per cent sealight shares and 30 per cent amd shares).
2) Operational division of labour: PVE is primarily responsible for the nuclear development of X86 processors, processor manufacturing, sealing and testing: the overall design of PVC processors and the promotion and application of processor products. PVE is located at the centre of production costs and products can only be sold to PVI.
3) Autonomous R & D: The company Higwang I is mainly responsible for digesting and absorbing the md authorized source code: starting with Haigwang II, the company developed cpu products autonomously and developed 22.71-24.24 per cent of its own product performance compared to that of the previous generation, followed by the launch of Haigwang III and the study of new generation cpu products such as Sealight IV.
The Division already has autonomous R & D capabilities and has sustained product growth. Figure 3: Sealight Information, Sealight Integration, Micro-Sealight Electronics Division of Business
The number of R & D personnel in companies has grown steadily, and as of 30 June 2023, the proportion of firms moving up to higher qualifications (masters and above) to promote R & D.
Figure 4: Steady growth in corporate R & D staff
Based on cpu products, the company expands the dcu products horizontally. The company started its business with cpu, which began the Sea Series in 2016, and the low end (3,000 series), which was produced in 2018, followed by the continuous production of cpu products, which was gradually released and commercialized by the Sealight II and Sealight III. In 2018, the company started the Deep Count One (Public Service).
In the future, companies will continue to produce cpu and dcu products, fine-tune product matrices, downstream customers: telecommunications, finance, Internet customers’ income ratios are rising rapidly.
The commercialization and further refinement of the company’s product matrix has led to the development of a more sophisticated industrial environment based on sealight instrumentation, with a further expansion of downstream coverage of customers. At the same time, the company’s market expansion and the gradual introduction of products through client pre-testing have led to rapid increases in revenues from telecommunications, finance, and Internet customers.
Long. According to the disclosure data in the letter of offer, corporate telecommunications, finance, Internet customers together achieved in 2021, figure 8: a rapid increase in cpu+dcu's two-wheel-drive performance and a continuous increase in the Maori rate of cpu operations. 1) Operating income: cpu operations
The annual income of the cpu operation was 2,071 million yuan, compared to 103 per cent, the 19-21 year capr reached 134 per cent, and the cpu business grew rapidly; the company ' s first generation of dcu products (By Count I) was released in 2021 and received 239 million yuan in 21 years, contributing to the incremental performance. 2) Māori ratio: Māori ratio of the cpu operation continued to increase.
In 21 years, the company’s business of 34.84% Māori is expected to increase further in the future with the effects of scale and product rotation. The high-end processor’s (7,000 series) income is growing rapidly, contributing to the company’s main income.
In 2021, according to the disclosure of data in the company offer statement, the company ' s high-end processor (seven thousand series) achieved income rapid growth: in 2021, the company ' s high-end processor (seven thousand series) earned 65.01 per cent of its revenue, contributing company ' s main income, the ring ratio slightly declined, mainly because of: 1) market-to-country production in 2021, based on the product income structure
Workstation cpu demand has grown significantly, and corporate income from 3,000 series products has increased significantly (year-on-year +254%); 2) Small-scale production of company dcu products (8,000 series) has been achieved in the first half of 2021, with good client feedback, contributing cpu products: compatible with international mainstream x86 processor structures. Corporate cpu products are mainly oriented towards complex logic calculations.
At the same time, corporate cpu products support national secret algorithms, expand security algorithm directives, integrate security algorithm-specific acceleration circuits, and support credible calculations.
The safety of high-end processors has been significantly enhanced to provide more efficient safety and security for users in the processing of data. Currently, the company's sealight I, sealight II, and sealight III products have been commercialized, the sealight IV and sealight V are being studied, the product has been well interlaced, and their performance will be further enhanced.
The annual operating income was 1.780 billion yuan, compared to +248 per cent; the 21-year collection of the Hae-Gwang I (the previous generation of products) was 62 per cent, significantly higher than Hae-Gwang I, and the overall Māori rate of the company ' s cpu operations increased steadily as the income of Hae-Gwang II continued to rise.
dcu products: compatible with "cuda-type " ecology. The company ' s dcu products are one of gpgpu ' s, fully compatible rocm gpu-based ecology (amd ' s self-constructed ecology). Because of the high ecological and programming environment similarities between the rocm and cuda, cuda users can move quickly to the rocm platform at a lower cost, so the rocm is also available.
“Cuda class”. Compatible with the “cuda class” environment, the company can be better adapted to international mainstream business computing software and artificial intelligence software, as well as the ecological abundance of software and hardware, which can be widely applied in the area of computing-intensive applications such as large data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, mainly in server clusters or data centres.
Formerly, the company had commercialized its commercialization applications for Deep Count 1, Deep Count 2, which was under study for the third and was expected to be released in 24 years, and the market share was expected to rise gradually.
The company is responsible for the development of chip specification parameters and programs, the design and validation of chips, the delivery of chip designs, etc., and the processing of chip crystals, the containment tests are done by external means.
The company was supported by process management and testing during the period. 1.3 Financial analysis: the performance rate continues to increase, the Māori rate continues to rise, and the Māori rate continues to rise. The company achieved business income of $5.125 billion in 22 years, a year-on-year ratio.
With the macroeconomic recovery, the credit-for-business sector is warming, and the new generation of the public sector’s dcu product (Beep Count II) is on track to return to growth fast in the coming years. Over the past few years, the company’s product structure has continued to improve, driving the overall Māori rate up.
The size effect is constantly emerging, with cost rates falling steadily over the period. As a result of the rapid growth in corporate revenue, the size effect continues to grow, with the number of personnel coming in and the cost of R & D rising on a year-to-year basis.
Figure 19: A steady decline in cost rates over the period, with emphasis on R & D inputs II.cpu chip operations: 100 billion global markets, with a ratio of product to 2.1 demand end: universal server cores, 100 billion global markets
cpu is a universal server core device with a relatively high value. cpu, as a generic processor, consists mainly of components such as operators (alu), control units (cu), senders (registers), high-speed caches (cache) and so forth, which are logically complex and most transistors are used for control, storage and so forth.
As a matter of fact, cpu is suitable for running irregular and logically complex serial programs of data structure, and is good at measuring metrics (which can be expressed with a specific value, only size, no direction), supporting generic loads. By value ratio, in the typical x86 utility server (non-ai/accelerated server), the cpu value ratio is around
28%, after hard disk (31%), is the second-largest-value device on the server. The global server market was $123.2 billion a year, with 15 million deliveries, and future data eruptions continue to sustain server demand as big model/applications, physical networking, virtual reality, and digital economy evolves.
The increase is expected to be $18.1 billion in 2027 and 19.3 million in 2027, corresponding to 9 per cent and 5 per cent of cagr in 22-27, respectively. 2) The domestic market: our server market is growing rapidly and, according to idc data, our server market was $28.8 billion in 2022 (about 2016 RMB).
In 18-22, cagr reached 20.2 per cent at 7.0 per cent of the United States dollar against the renminbi, and with the future, figure 26: China ' s servers are expected to deliver 4.49 million units in 23 years, figure 27: China ' s server market was $28.8 billion in 2222 and capr 10 per cent in 22-27.
The global cpu market is vast and the industry is expected to grow steadily. According to idc data, the global cpu market was $25 billion in 2022 (approximately 17.5 billion yuan, at the US dollar exchange rate of 7.0 yuan), with 36.7 billion shipments, projected to be global in 25 years, as server demand continues to rise and add to the pc cycle.
The market size of cpu reached $29.35 billion (approximately RMB 205.5 billion at RMB 7.0 per RMB) and the global market size of cpu was $25 billion in 22 years, and the global volume of cpu was $36.7 billion in 22 years.
The size of the server market is $27 billion (approximately RMB 189 billion, at RMB 7.0 per RMB) and the volume of shipments is 3.77 billion; assuming a cpu value of 28 per cent of the total server value, it corresponds to 52.9 billion RMB market space in the country, x 86cpu market space.
Downstream client ratio: the two main pre-downstream demand comes from the Internet, telecommunications, and according to idc data, 98.48 million dollars worth of server sales were achieved in 2022, or 36.0 per cent, or 18.0 per cent, respectively. Second, the demand for finance, services and government was also relatively high, with 30.57 per cent, respectively, in 2022.
2.2 At the supply end: overseas manufacturers monopolize, home country opportunities arrive in the global server cpu market: 1) overseas manufacturers have a pre-emptive advantage, and in the 1970s overseas head manufacturers began to publish cpu products, of which Intel launched intel 4004 (4 cpu) in 1971, including:
2,300 transistors; 1st cpu product am9080, 1975; 1st self-designed cpu product amdk5 in 1996, while the accompanying set of instructions continues to improve and product advantages are further enhanced. 2) Overseas manufacturers monopolize the global market, based on idc data, from 23q2 global server cpu.
Intel accounted for 73.7 per cent of the Bida, md for 16.9 per cent, and two combined for 90.6 per cent of the Bida, while the overseas leader monopolized the global cpu market.cpu market for domestic servers: 1) the domestic manufacturer started relatively late, with the Chinese department's Dragon Quill 1 in 2002.
Successfully, China released the first 64-bit cpupu-912 processor based on arm in 2014, Hae-I and Hae-I in 2018, with an overall start date later than overseas leading producers. 2) Overseas manufacturers cut off the domestic market, according to idc data, from 23q1 Chinese server cpu, Intel Jim Bida.
79.8%, or 5.4%, of the amds, combined, or 85.2% of the country's production opportunities. Sealight cpu has reached the international mainstream level and is a national leader. According to the company announcement, Sealight 3 has been commercialized, Sealight 4 is under study, and the product has been successfully upgraded.
The chips released in recent times were compared to the global dimensions, where the number of cores, superwidths, memory and accesses, pcie accesses of the company's server cpu had been reached by selecting the intel to the power to extend the third generation of gold medal 6354 (21q2 released), and the amd second generation of Yongpyc7542 (19q4)
International mainstream; domestic dimensions, corporate cpu product indicators lead, domestic ownership, organized at the national level: October 2023, six joint initiatives, such as the Ministry of Trade and Finance, published Quality Development in Arithmetic Infrastructure.
The Action Plan, which explicitly proposes “focus on key products such as cpu, gpu, operating systems, storage, etc., to facilitate pilot testing of critical technologies, to form pole applications and programmes, and to build ecosystems for co-adaptation and co-development of hardware and software”, will bring the development of the national product cpu into the fast track.
At the regional level: Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Guangdong provinces have adopted national production as one of the key strategic layouts of their 14th Five-Year Plan.
Command set divides the cpu type, which is currently dominated by x86 and arm structures. 1) Command set: Command set structure is a collection of a set of instructions used by cpu to complete computations and controls, which provides, inter alia, the command format, location search visits (including location range, location pattern, location particle size, access mode, address alignment, etc.), data type and
The sender is a bridge linking top-level software to bottom hardware. 2) Command set classification: The command set structure can generally be divided into two broad categories of complex command sets and streamlined command sets, represented by x86 structures, with major public departments such as Intel, amd, Sealight, etc., and streamlined command sets such as arm, rsc-v, mips, Powerpc, etc.
On the global market, according to idc, the global market for X86 servers in 22 years was $110.955 billion, or 87.5 per cent, and the market for X86 servers.
The field has grown steadily and is expected to reach $165,568 million in 27 years, and capr to 8.3 per cent in 22-27 years. From the Chinese market, X86 (intel, amd, x86 others) of the domestic server output is 92.4 per cent, the main domestic server structure, and the market space is huge.
Barriers to the migration of the processor to the anrm server: 1) overflow problem: x86 structure cpu and arm structure cpu have different behaviors when dealing with certain types of spills; 2) machine instructions cannot fully correspond: as noted above, x86 and arm are in different command sets (i.e. complex and streamlined command sets) and their machine instructions cannot be complete.
On the other hand, under certain circumstances (e.g., faster efficiency), the compiled language is written directly into the machine's instructions, which makes it more difficult to compile the code transplantation of the language part. Of this, applications in advanced languages such as java, python, etc., are relatively easily migrated, while applications in the main language (inner compilation language optimization) are more mobile.
Figure 35: Global x86 servers in 22 years amounted to 87.5%, Figure 36: Domestic X86 servers delivered 92.4% (23q1 shipments) Sealight series cpu is x86 and is scarce in the country.
For example, intel, md, etc., domestic manufacturers use arm structures (e.g. tidium, fly-teng) and self-research command sets/structures (e.g., dragon core, Shinwe), and domestic producers of x86 structure cpu have only a few sealight information, magnified cores, etc., and are scarce.
2.4 Accompanied by a similarity, with a price advantage for the product, the price of the company ' s product is significantly lower than that of overseas head manufacturers and has a value-for-money advantage.
Sealight 2 was published in 2001, selecting chips released in the same or similar period (intel to powerful gold medal 6354, amd 2nd generation Yongpyc7542) for comparison purposes, and the hardware indicators are not very different.
The price of the Kwang-II (7200 series) product is only intel to the power to expand the third generation of gold medals 6354, and the second generation of ad-Yong Pyc 7542 is 46.9 per cent, 55.4 per cent, and the value for money of the product stands out.
iii. dcu chip business: large models drive demand growth to meet the historical opportunities for development At the end of demand: large models drive demand growth to hundreds of billions of levels of the domestic market
The amount of training data + the number of parameters has increased significantly, and model capabilities have "emerged." According to the 2022 Google, Stanford and Deepmind co-published emergentabilitiesoflargegagemodels, many of the new capabilities do not grow linearly in linear magnification in small and medium models, and the size of the models must be exponential.
Growth and beyond a certain critical point will allow new skills to leapfrog. At the same time, the amount of parameters and data in the model is, to a certain extent, positively relevant, because: (a) it is possible that the model will be prepared if the number of parameters is too large in the small-scale data training model; (b) it is possible that the model will be trained on a large scale without increasing the number of parameters in the model.
Large model training + reasoning to drive computing demands are growing rapidly. (a) Model overlaps and volume growth to drive ai numeracy Growth to demand: From a single model, continuous upgrading of model capacity depends on a larger volume of training data and models
The number of parameters corresponds to higher numeracy needs; in terms of the number of models, the diversity of model types (synthesis, video) and the development of autonomous models by individual manufacturers contribute to the growth of numeracy demand. (b) Future ai applications, the demand for reasoning side numeracy is growing rapidly: individual manufacturers develop a variety of ai applications based on a modulus of a modulus, and with this,
The number of users of the ai appliance has erupted, corresponding to the rapid increase in the need for extrapolation. The demand for smart computing has grown rapidly: globally, according to the White Paper on China ' s Arithmetic Development Index (2022) and the White Paper on China ' s Arithmetic Development Index (2023), published by the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, 22
Global smart computing, estimated at 451 eflops (based on fp32), is expected to reach 52.5 zflops in 2030, with rapid growth in global smart computing, and domestically, based on idc and wave information, National Assessment Report on the Development of Artificial Intelligent Calculations in 2023-2024, 22 years of Chinese smartness.
Figure 40: Rapid growth in global smart numeracy, Figure 41: Rapid growth in China ' s smart numeracy
The ai chip provides arithmetic support, and gpu is an international mainstream. The training and reasoning of large models requires the support of intelligent computing, often involving a large number of calculations between matrices or lengths (in parallel calculations) that are suitable for use in gpu. At present, the most widely applied gpu brand in the world is Yveida, and its gpu product is based on matching.
The unified computing device architecture (cuda) is better able to deal with complex computing issues, while at the same time deep optimization of multiple in-depth learning basic computing instructions, such as pytorch, tensorflow and other mainstream in-depth learning frameworks, has been introduced to provide gpu computing support based on cuda and to provide higher, more abstract, user-friendly access.
Programming. In the case of the English H100 chip (sxm5 encapsulation), for example, the 4nm process, with a chip size of 814mm2, has 80 billion transistors with multiple gpu processing clusters (gpc, 8), texture processing clusters (tpc, 66), stream multiprocessors (sm, 132), secondary caches and Hbm3 memory controller groups
As a result, each sm contains 128 fp32cudacorre cores, corresponding to 16896 fp32cudacorre cores in individual gpu, providing a strong numeracy support for the training and reasoning of large models. Hundreds of millions of levels of domestic markets continue to grow in size.) Global: benefits from the training and reasoning of big models.
The resulting growth in the demand for smart arithmetic and the continued growth of the global ichi market, which, according to gartner, in 2022 amounted to $44.22 billion (approximately $30.95 billion, at the exchange rate of 7.0 per cent for the United States dollar) and is expected to reach $119.4 billion in 2027, corresponding to 22.0 per cent for the cagr in 22-27.
2) At the national level: Internet head companies and some of 'i ' start-up companies in the country train large models of national production, while building on China ' s high population base, the demand for extrapolative arithmetic is strong, driving China ' s ' i chip market to continue to grow. According to the first billion yuan, the corresponding figure is 27.5% for the year 22-25.
3.2 At the supply end: the overseas giants monopolize the global market, home-grown opportunities are at the top of the gpu chip ratio, and British Weida monopolizes the global market. 1) Technology architecture: ai chip can be divided into gpu, fpga, asic (npu, asp), where gpu is a more sophisticated generic artificial intelligence chip, fpga
(c) Features: gpu is the best, most flexible, fpga the second, asic (npu, asp) is relatively poor, while asic (npu, asp) has the advantages of low production costs and low power consumption;
According to data released by trendforce, British Weidargpu is the main carrier of the i server, with a market rate of about 60-70 per cent, followed by the asic chip (over 20 per cent) that was developed autonomously by cloud-end producers; according to the data released by idc, in the first half of 2023, China's accelerated chip market delivered more than half a million pieces.
Of these, 90 per cent were in gpuka. Figure 46: Global ratio of ai chip per type (2023 h1) Figure 47: China ratio (2023 h1)
In terms of global dimensions, the gpu architecture, represented by Weida, md, is the mainstream, and the H100ai chip peak (int8, fp16, tf32) is the world's leading, with a new generation of ai chip product b100 expected to be released next year, with product performance expected to double; amd
The release of a new generation of mi300x artificial intelligence chips, with a brand-new cdna3 architecture, each with a high degree of accuracy, with a significant increase in accuracy, and a global lead in the indicators of chip presence, visible bandwidth, etc. Googlei chips, using asic structures with relatively low power and production costs, are now dominated by self-use.
With npu structures (e.g. Heith, typhoid martial arts), sealight information uses the gpgpu structure, which has a natural advantage in the high-precision field of fp64; in addition, 23 years of sealight information, Heith, and cold martial arts have been pushing a new chip, overseas manufacturers monopolize the domestic `ai chip market, and national production opportunities have arrived.
Over half a year, China's accelerated chip exports exceeded 500,000, of which China's indigenous ai chip brands accounted for about 50,000, or only 10%, and national production opportunities. Figure 48: China's ai chip exports as a percentage (2023 h1)
Policy promotes the creation of the IQC to facilitate the development of the national product, i.e., the numeracy. 1) National dimension: 2017, the State Council launched the New Generation of Artificial Smart Development Plan, which supports the development of artificial intelligence software and hardware and the establishment of a human, industrial and industrial intelligence super-computering centre; 2020, for the first time, the CDRC clarified the scope of the “new infrastructure” in smart terms.
In 21-23, the State issued a number of policies to promote the development of the Centre and to provide an arithmetic support for artificial intelligence scenes. 2) The regional dimension: Since 23 years, various regions have been implementing the Centre's industrial policies, such as the Shanghai City Post.
“Encourage the building of autonomous, safe and reliable national production infrastructures and the application of eco-economy based on autonomous national production”, mentioned by the Beijing City in the Beijing City Accelerating the Building of Innovative Artificial Sources of Global Impact (2023-2025).
Greatly guiding large modeling enterprises in the application of home-grown artificial intelligence chips to speed up the supply of artificial intelligence numeracy, advantage one of 3.3: gpgpu architecture, good ecology + high accuracy company dccu product gpgpu architecture, with clear ecological advantages. 1) gpu classification: with gpu in parallel calculations
gpu can be divided into general gpu and gpgpu, where the traditional gpu is mainly used for graphic processing, usually built-in video decoding accelerations, prium, 3d acceleration engines, etc., while gpgpu adds dedicated vectors, lengths, matrix operation commands, float-point calculations.
Accuracy and capacity have been significantly improved to meet the needs of different scenarios: 2) gpgpu advantage: gpgpu has the advantage of high parallel, high-intensity computing, super-long flow lines, etc., which are compatible with the natural calculus of the person, can significantly reduce the length of training in sea-level training data, reduce energy consumption, and thus reduce the cost of the ai.
Software ecology for improved software to facilitate the transplantation of existing applications and the development of new algorithms. 3) Eco-econometric advantages are clear: the company duc is fully compatible with the rocmgpu ecology compared to other architecture chips, and cuda users can have lower yields because of the high ecological and programming environment similarities between the rocm and cuda.
This fast migration to the Rocm platform allows companies to better adapt their products to international mainstream commercial computing software and ai software, software and hardware eco-rich, which can be widely applied to computing-intensive applications such as ai, big data, etc., and corporate dcu products supporting fp64, which can be used in high-precision computing.
Films (e.g. alasic, npu, etc.) often provide faster computing speeds by stacking cores and frequencies, which, by using low accuracy calculations, can provide significant hardware-level facilities, such as lower power consumption, faster speed, smaller computing units, smaller memory requirements, etc., and currently national ai chips are operating with low accuracy.
The field has reached a relatively high level. Superprecision fp64 is still an inescapable computational need, especially in the field of scientific research (e.g. atmosphere, viral structural analysis, etc.), where differences between one or two valid figures can have a significant impact on the outcome, and where companies currently support fp64 precision in their products.
Figure 50: The type of data commonly used for artificial intelligence is 3.4 advantage II: the product is excellent and the value for money advantage is strong, and the company’s dcu product has a value for money advantage compared to the overseas giants.
In the first half of 2021, the Division began small-scale bulk production on the basis of a comparison of the colossal (or similar) offshore giant ai chip products (Vida a 100 and amdmi 100 as control groups), leading the British Weida a 100 performance indicator, in terms of core numbers, capacity, location width, bandwidth, etc.
All were ahead of the competition in the same period, and the company calculated that product No. 1 was in the process, kernel frequency, memory capacity, storage space, and so on, basically flattened the mdmi100 product, while the average sale price of the company ' s product was only 19,300,000 yuan/n, significantly less than the price of the mdmi100, and the company ' s dcu product had a value-for-money advantage.
3.5 Historical opportunity period: US exports to the Huai chip have been reduced, US upgrades to the China export of the ai chip have limited the export to China by multiple dimensions of the chip performance + channel + physical list. Two new policies (3a090a and 3a090b) have been added to the Act, with tpp (calculation formula: tpp=calculation).
Strength *digits) and pd (calculation formula: pd=tpp/diesize) as a determining indicator to satisfy either policy, which would prohibit exports to China, which is measured and currently within the bounds of the mainstream ai chips (a100, h100, a800, h800, l40s) on the market.
Policy I: 3a090a Policy II: 3a090b Channel: Further contraction of export channels to China. This bill requires American firms to export to 40+ countries around the world.
The entry chip is subject to government approval, because there is a risk of moving advanced chips to China. At the same time, if the company’s parent company is located in China and other arms embargo countries, the chip will be banned from being sent to its subsidiaries (where globally) and further shrinking its export channels to China.
The list of entities limits: 13 gpu companies in the country are blacklisted. Thirteen Chinese gpu enterprises, such as Wallau Technologies and Moor Lines, are listed by the United States Department of Commerce (bis) and require a bis license for the production of chips in the list of entities, which in part hinders the development of the national product gpu chips.
Table 16: Listing of 13 gpu enterprises in the country, our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: High-end processor business: the company ' s high-end processor business consists mainly of cpu operations (including Sealight I, Sealight I).
Two, Sealight III, etc.) and dcu operations (Deep Count One, Deep Count Two, etc.), in which cpu is a common feature, used mainly for servers in data centres, cloud computing, etc., and in the field of entry-level computing, station and margin computing servers, and dcu is a calculator chip, used mainly for ai servers in the Intelligence Center.
In 2022, the company’s high-end processor operations generated revenues of $5,066 million, or 98.84%, and increased corporate revenue. 1) cpu operations: the domestic cpu market space is huge, the country’s production rate is relatively low, the build-up of information is a controllable necessity, and the company’s products are rapidly released.
A series of high-end products, mainly for high-end servers, such as data centres, centres of intelligence, and asp and Māori ratios, with a relative income dimension: 23 years of macroeconomic impact, low overall demand in the credit market and weak business growth; 2304, with a marked recovery in the tender pace, 24 years of hope to return to the fast track, we anticipate.
Field supply and demand is tight and the cost of raw materials crystal round rises; 2) 21 years of global high-end supply is tight and booking is high, leading to a 22-year cost increase; we believe the Māori rate will rise significantly in 23 years, mainly because: 1) 22 years of negative factors have been eliminated; 2) 22 years of the company ' s sealight III have been eliminated
Quantified production, 23 years into rapid release, sealight 3 Māori above Hai Xia II, pulling the whole series, such as the 7200 series, which has reached 72 per cent in 21 years, and thus the cpu business Māori, 2) dcu: China's artificial intelligence industry is growing rapidly and demand for bottom-ai numeracy continues to grow.
On the one hand, with the development of a single model model toward a multi-model model, the training data set and the complexity of the model continue to increase, driving the growth of demand for training-side computing; and, on the other hand, the formation of large models.
At the end of the supply side, the ban on exports from the United States of America to the Huai chip was reduced in October of 23 years, none of the British Weida mainstream ari chip could be exported to China, and the national production of the ai chip was expected to grow rapidly in time of historical opportunity.
(a) The income dimension: 23 years of training and reasoning for large models of energy for Internet manufacturers and start-up companies in the country, and rapid release of company dcu products, with the complexity of the models, the commercialization of a new generation of dcu products at Number 2 and higher, and the expected rapid release in 24 years.
In the first three quarters, there was still room for improvement in the global rate of 71 per cent and 46 per cent for the arithmetic chip taps in the world, and 46 per cent for the company ' s dcu product, and it is expected that, as the company ' s own products continue to evolve, it will provide technical services for the performance optimization and solutions of processors and packaged chips.
We expect technical services to be available in 23/24/25 years, subject to the conditions and assumptions described above, cpu operations are affected by low credit-making markets and weak downstream demand, and we expect the next period to be cost-effective: companies based on the Fables model and the R & D, design and marketing of processors.
Thus, the company’s employees’ remuneration costs are high over time. According to the company’s subscriptions, company financial returns, and 1530 persons, the cost increases further over the period, while the company’s income growth is expected to increase steadily throughout the 23-year period; and, as noted earlier, the company’s total workforce is expected to increase steadily.
Cost of sales: The share of company sales personnel is relatively small, and as the volume of company business continues to grow, it is anticipated that the number of sales personnel will grow rapidly and corresponding sales costs will continue to grow, with a projected 23-year sales fee R & D cost rate: 23-year growth in R & D inputs due to corporate income pressure and 23-year R & D fee
In the future, companies will adhere to the development model of high R & D inputs, and R & D, based on two factors: 1) tax incentives for high-technology enterprises: companies, sea light and microelectronics, and sea light integration are identified as high-technology enterprises, valid for a period of three years, with a 15% reduction in tax rates for the period
At present, the company is valid for the period 1 January 20 to 31 December 22, and according to the 23-year mid-year report of the Department, the re-identification of the relevant declaration has been initiated and is progressing well; we believe that the company has a strong scientific and technological identity and will benefit from tax incentives for a certain period of time in the future.
Deduction policy: According to the 23-year Circular of the General Directorate of Taxes of the Ministry of Finance on the Policy for Further Improvement of the Taxes on R & D Costs, the actual R & D costs incurred by an enterprise in carrying out R & D activities are not accounted for as a loss or loss in the current period and, on the basis of the prescribed deductions, effective 1 January 2023,
From 1st day, it is amortized before taxes at 200% of the cost of intangible assets. The company’s research and development costs are significant, amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars, resulting in a smaller amount of corporate income tax and a lower income tax rate.
Taking into account the business characteristics of the company, we use absolute and relative valuations to estimate the reasonable value range of the company, based on the following factors: 1) the company is an artificially intelligent company, with a high rate of product renewal, a long production cycle and a share of intangible assets, compared to traditional enterprises
Companies are technology-intensive enterprises with a large amount of advanced technology, as well as a large number of professionals and high-quality management, and intangible assets are a source of the sustainability of an artificially intelligent enterprise. At the same time, technological inputs can generate excessive returns for an enterprise, which in turn can add economic value to it.
Part of the value will not be presented in the financial statements of the enterprise.) (ii) The eva model takes into account both the cost of debt and the cost of equity capital, and is able to fully reflect the enterprise ' s capital cost and value-creating capacity. 3) The research in question is positive about the use of eva to assess the value of artificial intelligence companies, including " Artificial wisdom based on the eva valuation model " .
In the case of the corporate value assessment study, we found the validity of the valuation model in the area of the value assessment of artificial intelligence companies, using the value valuation methodology of the company, which yielded $89.08-102.70 between companies.
A sensitivity analysis of absolute valuations, which are more sensitive than wacc and constant growth rates, is presented in the following table as a sensitivity analysis. For relative valuations, we select comparable companies from the business of sealight information.
For cpu operations and artificial intelligence chip operations (i.e. dcu operations), the following companies are comparable: 1)cpu operations:
The products are widely used on the Zin arrest server. 2) Artificial intelligence chip business: Xinjiang, Xinjia are organized in the field of artificial intelligence and chip, where Xinjiang is a leading national producer of artificial intelligence chips, which cover clouds, edges, side-side artificial intelligence chips, and a fine jm9 series of graphic processing chips that can be used to satisfy artificial intelligence.
Queer: The company has been focusing on research and development and technological innovation in artificial intelligence chip products and has been working on building core processor chips in the field of artificial intelligence, the main products of which are: 1) cloud-side product lines: cloud-side intelligence chips, plus
Quickcards and training entire machines, with cloud-side smart chips and accelerators as core devices for artificial intelligent processing, such as cloud servers, data centres, providing high-calculation density, energy-efficient hardware computing resources to support the high-speed growth of complexity and data throughput in the scene; 2) edge product lines: edge smart cores
Products such as film and accelerometers: 3)ip authorization and software: includes the ip authorization and basic system software platform.
(ii) Solutions: The company has gradually developed the pc and server master plate odm capability to form a "triple" capacity with the cpu operating system.
The company is mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of highly reliable electronic products, mainly graphics, small-scale proprietary radars, chip fields, where graphics are known as the company ' s existing core business (also traditional niche business), and small-scale proprietary radars and chips are the direction of the company ' s future dynamic development.
1) Graphical Control Products: The company has successfully developed a series of gpu chips with a full knowledge product and developed a series of graphic display module products with the gpu chip at its core: 2) small-scale proprietary radar products: developed a series of radar products such as active protective radar, speed radar, etc.; 3) chip area products: developed by the company with jm5400
The company has recently developed a series of graphic treatment chips that meet GIS, media processing, cad auxiliary design,
High-performance performance needs, such as games, virtualization, and the need for artificial intelligence, can be widely applied to desktops, uniforms, technology: the company is an international leading data processing and interconnection chip design company dedicated to providing high-performance, low-capacity chip solutions for cloud computing and artificial intelligence, and currently has two major products.
Lines: 1) Interconnection chip products: include memory interface chips, memory module packages, pcierettimer chips, mxc chips, etc. 2) Capture server platform products: including Xinse cpu and mixed safe memory modules. Meanwhile, the company is developing an ai chip based on the “near memory computing architecture.”
Table 24: Comparison of sealight information with corporate business, cold martial arts, technology.
The lead manufacturer of the home-grown artificial intelligence chip, the lead producer of the national product cpu, whose autonomous development of the jm9 series of graphic treatment chips (gpu) is also widely used in the capture of cpu products.
Loose core 3 for product operations or properties associated with sealight information devices is applied to servers, desktops, to meet the needs of artificial intelligence computing, wide-ranging coverage of clouds, edges, and side-side artificial intelligence chips.
We use the ps relative valuation method based mainly on the following considerations: 1) artificial intelligence chips and national cpu cores.
The film is still in the early stages of industrial development, with high R & D inputs as a solid foundation for the long-term development of the industry and as an indispensable building block for the future development of the enterprise, with short-term profitability pressure, traditional pe valuations that are not accurate and negative, and pe valuations that are not applicable.
It is expected that the share of the market will increase gradually, thanks to the autonomous control of the home-grown server cpu. 2) The demand for home-grown artificial intelligence chips is strong and the industry is growing rapidly. At the same time, the US policy of shrinking the Chinese chip vent, and the national production of home-grown ones, is approaching a period of historical opportunity. But 23 years of downstream demand has weakened.
Auxiliary valuation judgement: History pe-band is now at a relatively high valuation level, and we assume that in 2024 the company ' s valuation returned to historical hub levels, namely, that sealight information, as the backbone of a home-grown cpu, home-grown artificial intelligence chip, would benefit fully from a national production server.
cpu is self-controllable, product is fast and the market share is expected to rise. 2) Nationally produced artificial intelligence chips need to thrive and industry is growing rapidly; at the same time, the US policy of shrinking exports of Chinese chips, the national production of indigenous chips, is approaching a period of historical opportunity. But 23 years of cpu operations are affected by low downstream demand, with downtime information on the sea.
Absolute valuation risk: We have applied absolute valuation and relative valuation methods, combining multiple perspectives to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company, but the valuation is based on relevant assumptions, in particular the calculation of the company ' s net operating profit nonoplat after tax adjustment over the next few years, weighted average capital cost
The calculation of (wacc) was integrated into the judgment of many individuals, which in turn led to the risk of a deviation in the valuation, resulting in a high value of the 10-year nonoplat (net operating profit after tax adjustment) calculation, which led to a high value of the calculation in the case ofeva, and a risk of an optimistic valuation:
2) The weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm ' s absolute valuation, and we calculate the Wacc assuming a zero-risk interest rate of 2.0 per cent and a risk premium of 7.5 per cent, and there may still be a risk of an overvaluation of the company ' s valuation due to a low estimate or margin for these parameters;
We assume that the company tv growth rate is 2.5% over the next 10 years, that the industry in which the company is located is likely to change more negatively over the next 10 years, and that the company's continued growth is either very low or negative in real terms, leading to high corporate valuation, relative valuation risk: we have selected leading domestic firms, such as the Cold War, that are the same or close to the company's business.
The annual average of ps is used as a reference for relative valuation, taking into account the company ' s risk of over-estimating performance over the next three years by taking into account that the company, as the leader of a national cpu, a national artificial intelligence chip, will eventually be valued by the company for 24-25 times the value of 24 years.
Risks in the development and marketing of new products: the company's recent second generation of dcu chips is now commercialized, the third generation of dcu chips is expected to be released in 24 years, and is still in the R & D phase, with some time remaining for bulk production and marketing and risk of failure in R & D; and, on the other hand, for example, for example,
The former market has already marketed or competed for products of the same kind, the future commercialization is expected to face intense competition, the risks of low or unexpected commercial value, failure to obtain market recognition on schedule, the risk of falling prices for the company ' s products, and a decline in the Maori rate: the company ' s products have been produced at a faster pace, usually from the previous generation.
Risks of price increases and production capacity constraints for raw materials: looking back at history, 22 years of market supply and demand constraints and a rise in raw materials crystal round; 21 years of global high-end supply constraints and higher bookboard prices, leading to a 22-year cost increase; future risks of price increases for raw materials, which have a negative impact on corporate Maori rates.
The production model of the fabless is at risk of production capacity constraints. Risks of technology catching up or substitution: firms are in technology-intensive industries involving technologies such as cpu, duc chip design, and in future competition to upgrade R & D technological capabilities, if the company is unable to do so
Accurate management of technological developments in the sector, and failures in decision-making on the direction of technology development; or failure to advance research and development projects, to apply new technologies to product development and upgrading in a timely manner, and to catch up with or replace technologies, the company will not be able to sustain the competitiveness of its products and thus its operations
The risk of brain drain from key technologies: the development and management of critical skills are the main players in the company’s competitive advantage, accounting for 90.33% of the total. As the pattern of competition in the industry changes, competition for skilled skills in the industry will become more intense. If companies fail to provide effective incentives in terms of remuneration, treatment, etc., in the future,
There will be a lack of appeal to skilled personnel, which may result in the loss of existing core technical staff, which will have a significant adverse impact on the company’s production operations.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject