The securities newtimesecritities have outperformed their performance, and Cis has benefited from the continued growth of the multi-track outbreak.
The company expects to realize a net return profit of $1.984-2484 billion in 2020, an increase of $414 million to $914 million in the same year. The growth in corporate performance is driven by demand in the market and by the continuous roll-out of new profits.
The company ' s 48m series has a fast share of clients, such as hmov, based on international first-line quality and performance.
Upgraded; 64m products pre-positioned to an upgrade of 48m to 64m. Mobile phone cis technology drives up the share of the drive. Cis operations, with corporate breakthroughs on the bottom and on small pixel, have the ability to provide clients with a full set of products from the lower to the middle to the upper end, matching Andre's strategy.
Minimum/highest in a year: benefits from the company’s breakthrough from a single model to a customer’s whole-course product, thereby significantly increasing its share. • Car cos benefits from a wave of smart cars, which is expected to increase in the outbreak, security, vrr, medicine
In the area of automobiles, smart cars will be equipped with more cameras than conventional cars to release the latest model, et7, with 11 8 million pixel cameras on board.
The size of the car-borne cis market will rise from $870 million in 2018 to 3.2 billion litres in 2023, and the company, with the technical strength of the car cis product, is expected to grow in an outbreak. In addition, the company has a layout in a variety of fields, such as security, vrar, medical, etc., and it will achieve technology, R & D, finance, etc.
Synergy, opening up space for growth in new areas. ..profit predictions and investment proposals.
With the general trend, mobile phone cis city coverage is expected to rise, while car cis benefits from a wave of motor intelligence and rapid deployment in a wide range of areas, including security, frar and medical care, and future q3 profits are expected to improve, and high levels of cis performance are expected to break through.
Merger and Purchasing Howell's Revenue Up the Steps with a Spot, Optical Innovation for Long, 2020-08-21.
The New Path to Optics 2020-06-16, Performance 2019.
"Relaunching of the Dragons" 2019-09-08