China: c Designed to hold - beyond large disks (maintenance) with electric intelligence faster than expected.
The stock of Xavier announces a net profit of 24.5 to 2.95 billion dollars over the year, which is the same period when car ciss is delivered at an accelerated rate.
We're opening up market space, we're scarce, we're running out of cell phones/cars, we're getting a premium.
Company brief: Weir shares are produced by semiconductor products.
The 2020q4 performance was further ahead of schedule, the cis price increase was higher, the q4 was higher than expected, and the cis was still high: Weir shares forecast a full year of net profit of 24.5 to 2.95 billion, compared to +42.6 per cent – 533 per cent; and the +498 per cent + 648 per cent.
After the q3 deadline, the high industry performance was highlighted, either as a significant increase in Dragon Head Weir’s performance or as a result of higher than expected delivery and higher product prices. Middle- and low-end mobile phones/carciss were unresponsive, and product structure prices increased: 8 inches of crystals worldwide.
The production is tight, the car core is missing, and the price is rising. 2020h1 is pessimistic about demand due to the effects of the epidemic, while H2 is being cut off because the city is warming, the car is running out of time, some of which are upstream electronic zeros, and the manufacturers are fully loaded, unsatisfied, and are still on the move.
Not only for car use, according to the omdia report, there is a serious shortage of 5 million and 8 million pixels at the lower and middle ends, which reports that Sam has raised the price of his cis by 40% since 2020/12, and his cis supplier prices have risen by about 20%.
The short profit statement (rmb million) is expected to raise the price of the improved climate and the better structure of the industry.
The product is an important increase, with 108 m/0.6 m in the future, with firm client positions such as ov. The global car market is expected to increase from the first $1 billion to $5 billion in 2025, and the Weir car level has risen to 50%, with half in Europe/China.
The previous figure is expected to continue to cut cars both inside and outside the country and to raise the market rate. Other businesses, such as the acquisition of tddi, will be contributing tens of thousands of dollars next year, medical treatment and security. Car electricization and intelligence are moving faster than expected, but the lack of core for the whole car still needs to be considered.
q1-q2 sales impact. Overall, Weir's global cis is stable, car ciss opens the market space, especially if the equity conglomerate works to value the scarce dragon stock premium, and increases the price of Chang's cfafrm.
An analyst's statement and an important disclosure can be found in the attachmenta. The company's name, which was carried by Yuan Da and his research report, may be in the business of the present or future, and the investors should know about Bloombergcode:youta.
In making investment decisions, investors should consider this report only one of these considerations.
20,01,2021 Weir shares (60,3501sh) Data source: company data, dollar coupons (Hong Kong)
Source: Corporate Data, Grand Certificate (Hong Kong) Data source: Corporate Data, Grand Certificate (Hong Kong) 200101
Weir shares (603501sh) China: design page 3, page 5
Annex: Key disclosures: Analyst who is primarily responsible for writing the full or partial content of the study report and who is responsible for issuing the certificate or certificate in this report, this statement: (1) all the points in the paper reflect his personal views on the issuers of the certificate or certificate; (2) any specific investment proposals or observations made by the analysts of the Department of Research in this study are not directly or indirectly related to any part of his past, present or future remuneration.
Weir shares (603501sh) - Investment proposals and target prices: three years of historical trends: bloomberg, dollar coupons (Hong Kong) note: a = share price adjusted for equity and cash equity; b = target price not adjusted; c = target price adjusted for equity and cash equity.
This view is based on the Centre’s analysis of the future of the stock, its financial statements, its problems, comments and risks. It is recommended that investors increase their share in the investment pool.
Holding-over: The Center believes that the fundamentals of the file are more attractive than the current stock prices. This is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, typologies, evaluation of price information, and risk profile. Holding-down: The Center believes that, based on the current stock prices, the underlying features of the file are less attractive than the big ones. This is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, typologies, and ratings.
This view is based on the Centre’s assessment of the future of the stock, its financial statements: the Centre’s estimates, its ratings, and its targets are still under evaluation, but it is still actively tracking the stock.
The Chinese Survey series does not have a formal 12-month target price, and its investment proposal is owned by a major copy of the analyst's report, which is based on data that the company recognizes, but does not guarantee its integrity or correctness. The report does not contain any offer or invitation for the sale of tickets.
This report provides only general information, information contained in it, or any opinion, and does not create any solicitation or solicitation of a purchase certificate or other investment. The publication of the report is for the general purpose of communication to clients, and is not intended to provide investment advice, nor does it take into account the financial circumstances and objectives of any person who might receive the report.
This report does not contain any statement or guarantee of accuracy, integrity, or correctness, either explicitly or implicitly. This report does not (and should not be interpreted as such) in any jurisdiction, any person or company that is not in compliance with the law and that is the manager of the certificate or the firm, for the purpose of managing or trading the certificate in that jurisdiction.
In the United States, only major investors are reported to be registered under section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act 1934 and its amendments (released under Rule 15a-6 of the Securities Exchange Act 1934 and its amendments by the United States Securities Exchange Commission). American investors who want to carry out transactions related to the certificates in this report are required to pass through the securities register under section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act 1934 and its amendments.
The committee approves the registration of the voucher and is authorized to conduct regulated activities, including category 4 activities (discussion on the certificate). Without the written consent of the Grand Credit Certificate (Hong Kong), the full text or part of the study ... shall not be retransmitted, retransmitted or disclosed in any form or form. Hong Kong citizens wishing to obtain details of any certificate contained in this report should contact the Grand Certificate (Hong Kong) Limited by:
China: c Designed for 20/01/2021 Weir shares (603501sh)
China: c Designed for 20/01/2021 Weir shares (603501sh)