Weir shares (603501.sh)
The company issued a fast-track report on its performance, with a 32 per cent increase in its 4q20 revenue and a 196 per cent increase in its net profit from the same year. The quarterly deduction of the non-mortality net profit of $630 million, an increase of 133 per cent from the same year. The 4q20 net profit jumped significantly, and the demand in the counter-cis industry continued to flourish, while the company accelerated the pace of its research and development of new products and the city’s share continued to rise.
Looking ahead, the cis industry has continued to rise, the company's 1h21cis business is expected to increase at a very high price, and, in addition, the company's future product line in the mobile phone sector continues to be enriched through the acquisition of neo-thddi, and the market position of the 4020 company has increased significantly in net profits: 19.5 billion won in 2020, while yoy grew by 43.4 per cent.
The net profit now stands at $2.71 billion, while yoy increases by 481 per cent, yoy gains by $2.22 billion, yoy by 564 per cent, and profitability increases further. On a quarterly basis, 4020 companies achieved a revenue growth rate of $5.58 billion, yoy by 32 per cent, net profits by 980 million, yoy by 196 per cent, net profits by 196 per cent, and net profits by deduction by 196 per cent.
634 million yuan, while yoy grew by 133 per cent, with a record high performance in the first quarter. We believe that the reason for the significant growth in corporate performance is the high demand in downstream markets and the continued demand for national production, the strong demand for corporate cis industries downstream in 2021, and the continuing demand for national production: the global mobile phone market.
After three years of recession, it is expected that, as the impact of the epidemic gradually decreases, and with the impact of the 5g lead switch demand, the global cell phone is expected to grow by two digits in 2021, while car cis accounts for the share of institutional investors in circulation a.
High growth will also be restored in the context of the upgrading of autopilots, with companies, as the leading global cis-business, continuing to accelerate the pace of product research and development, reaping the dividends of industrial development, while allowing for more room for improved corporate performance as national production is replaced.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.