By 2020, it outperformed market expectations.
The event company issued a performance forecast for 2020, which is expected to achieve a net return profit for the entire year.
The market expected the company to grow significantly in 2020, with the same four-quarter round of performance ahead of market expectations, and we believe that the main factor is the high demand for downstream cos sensors, while the company ' s continued introduction of high-end products optimizes the product mix and makes it profitable.
In addition, the company's involvement in Hengen Technologies, the center core international strategy, etc., has received a certain amount of investment in high-grade products, and mobile phone cis has infiltrated from low-end to medium-high-end, enjoying the industry's growth dividend, which, at the industry level, is expected to warm back from global smartphone sales.
The trend towards hyperpixel upgrading will lead to a pattern of rising prices. According to frost&sullvans, the average number of security cameras on single smartphones increased from 2.0 in 2015 to 3.4 in 2019, and is expected to increase by 7.3% compound.
At the same time, 64 m products will be replaced by 48m as a medium- and high-level mainframe programme, leading to price increases. At the firm level, recent high-level products have been successfully rolled out, breaking through 48m in 2019, and three further 64m in 2020.
The product, which gradually closes the gap with Sony and Samsung, recently released mobile phones such as Nova and Opporeno, have all used the company ' s 64m product, the Mi 11 flag ship has also taken the company ' s 13m ultra-wide corner product, and the company ' s cis product is moving from low-end mobile phones.
Infiltration of the middle- and high-end mobile phone market will lead to further upgrading. Cars are growing at a high rate, opening up space for future growth based on icinsights data, and the size of the automobiles market is expected to grow from $900 million in 2019 to 1.9 billion in 2023.
In the United States dollar, the car law market will maintain a 20 per cent annual compound increase at an annual rate of 22 per cent, followed by 36 per cent of Ansomé, and the company has large and large pixel conflation technology, and the trend towards faster penetration of smart cars is gradually rising in camera pixels.
The company’s share in the car cis market is expected to increase further. In December 2020, the company issued an announcement that it would issue $2.44 billion in debt swaps, coded crystal round seals, and car cós, among others, and that there is much room for long-term growth.
The company will benefit significantly from the rapid growth of the cis industry and the trend of national production substitution, and it is expected that future leadership will be further strengthened with a “recommended” rating. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
There is no, present, or future direct or indirect relevance to the specific recommendations or perspectives of this report. Macro-level grasping, top-down mining of investment opportunities in different segments of the industry chain and in different industries; deeper understanding of the industry’s climate and changes in the industry’s chain; better understanding of marginality, change, and cyclicalization; and exploring potential investment targets with a unique perspective.
The Chinese Academy of Sciences joined the China Galaxy Certificate Institute in 2018, mainly in electronics and science and technology. It worked for the Space Science and Technology Group.