The potential of an exclusive dpp-4 inhibitor is clear, and the company is moving from imitation to innovation.
South-West Securities Research and Development Centre incident: The company recently announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Central America, Hangzhou, has been working on new drugs and tablets for the Hd118 raw materials of the dpp-4 type of diabetes mellitus.
The market for diabetics is huge, and the domestic market is over 40 billion yuan. Diabetes is known as the “source of the disease” and has no cure, and it needs to be taken for life. According to idf, there are currently more than 100 million diabetic patients in China, and the demand for the market is high, and we expect the domestic market to be more than 40 billion yuan.
Sample hospital data show that oral dpp-4 inhibitors, such as sigletin and its complex formulations, are more than $12 billion globally and are growing at a very high rate in the country. Dpp-4 inhibitors are able to suppress glp-1 and gip extinction, increase endogenous glp-1 and gip levels, and promote insulin beta cell release.
The size of the global market for dpp-4 inhibitors and their co-agents exceeded $12 billion a year, of which the size of the Sigletine market reached $6.4 billion. The new version of the Health Insurance Directory in 2017 included all of the nationally marketed dpp-4 unilateral formulations, although second-line drugs were restricted, and we believe that this area will be driven by rapid growth.
Data from the International Multi-Centre II Clinical Trials are excellent, the company Hd118 has a significant potential to do drugs, and the sugar reduction effect is not lower than the best-selling drug in the world, Sigretin. hd118, commonly known as dutogliptin, was first developed by the United States phenomix, which acquired hd118 in 2011 by the United States company sino-medinational.
In 2014, China and the US signed a technology transfer contract with the company Sino-Med International, thereby acquiring all of the rights of hd118 in the Chinese district. According to the data from the International Multi-Centre II Clinical Trials released in 2010, the sugar dropdown in dutogliptin was good and the main clinical endpoints were glucose red.
Protein concentration: 0.52 per cent (p<0.001) and 0.35 per cent (p=0.006) for 400 mg and 200 mg, respectively, after placebo orthopaedic correction, while Sigletine, at the top of the global market for dpp-4 inhibitor drugs, reduced by 0.5 per cent (100 mg, 18 weeks) and 0.6 per cent (100 mg, 24 weeks) for glucated haemoglobin after cure,
The clinical trial data for hd118 show that it has not been less effective than Sigretin, and that it has not seen serious and high-prevalence adverse effects. That is, the company has a significant potential for Hd118. . ..the exclusive 1st type of new drug tttp 273 and hd118, which drives the company from imitation to innovation.
The domain is the company ' s core product line, starting with glp-1, dpp-4, sglt-2, three generations of insulin products and exclusive dpp-4 inhibitor hd118, and the company will accelerate the transition from imitation to innovative medicine and advance the process of corporate internationalization, and the company ' s valuation is expected to increase gradually.
Receptive agonists, diabetics add pounds of products, large distribution networks, corporate growth certainty through self-researching and introduction of the accumulation of innovative products (2017-12-22)
The “buy-in” rating is maintained for diabetes, autoimmune, kidneys and super antibiotics.
Luang, building 5 billion diabetes product lines (2017-06-09)
The market for 1 mellitus is huge and the domestic market is over $40 billion. 1.1 Diabetes: “The Source of All Diseases” has no cure and requires life-long medication. Diabetes is a metabolic disease with elevated blood sugar due to insulin partition defects or impairment of their biological effects.
In our country, type 2 diabetics account for the highest proportion of patients with diabetes, close to 90%, and treatment can be based on the weight of the disease, either oral sugar or injection of insulin-type drugs, of which more than 30% must be treated with insulin. Type 1 diabetes accounts for about 5%.
Diabetes are a chronic metabolic anomaly, and the patient's blood sugar levels continue to increase, which can lead to abnormal metabolic conditions in his body, as well as in his body's fats and proteins.
The main cause of death and disability for diabetic patients is a series of acute and chronic complications. If treatment is inadequate, it can easily cause retinal lesions, kidney problems, foot failures, oral ulcers, comas, etc.
1.2 More than 100 million people are diabetic in China, and demand in the domestic market is strong, and according to idf data, the number of diabetic patients (20-79 years) globally reached 420 million in 2015, with a prevalence rate of 8.8 per cent.
The number of patients increased by 40 million compared to 2013, with a combined growth rate of 3.4 per cent over three years, with 190 million undiagnosed and an undiagnosed rate of 46.5 per cent, and the global prevalence of diabetes is projected to reach 640 million by 2040, with an increase to 10.4 per cent according to idf;
Half of the population is not aware of diabetes, while only half of those diagnosed have been diagnosed, and only half of those diagnosed have received one degree of treatment, while only another half have received good treatment, and only 6.3 per cent of the patients who eventually achieved the desired treatment, and less than 3.2 per cent in developing countries, according to Idf estimates, about 190 million, or nearly half (46.5 per cent) of the world ' s urinary sugar.
Patients are not aware of their disease. Less than 40% of undiagnosed in developed regions, while 66.7% of undiagnosed in less developed regions, such as Africa, can be divided into chemical and Chinese drugs, with chemical drugs in treatment.
It is dominant, and the mesmeric medicine is in the position of ancillary treatment and is characteristic of the country. Chemical drugs can also be divided into bipolars, insulin-promoting agents (sulfur, glena), alpha-sugar enzyme inhibitors (Acarbo sugar, volley glype sugar), insulin desensitizers (ana diketone), intestinal insulin (glp-1, receptor agonist, dpp-4 inhibition).
Six major groups, such as insulin. The method of use can be divided into oral and injection sugar. 1.3 The domestic market for diabetes is over $40 billion, with the highest rate of growth of dpp-4 inhibitors, and according to the pdb sample hospital database, the market for diabetics was about $5.7 billion in 2016.
The size of the national market is expected to exceed 25 billion yuan, and if the market is taken into account, we expect the size of the national market to exceed 40 billion yuan.dpp-4 inhibitors and oral co-suggests are the fastest growing, with 217 q1-3, sample hospital revenues of 173 million yuan and 0.44 million yuan, respectively, at 25.6 and 67.4 per cent respectively, respectively.
The largest and fast-growing combination of dpp-4 inhibitors (Sigretine) and 2dpp-4 inhibitors, i.e., dpp-4 or 2dpp-4, is over $12 billion globally, and the domestic high-speed growth rate is 2.1 dpp-4 inhibitors can reduce blood sugar orally and not easily induce low blood sugar and weight gain.
Dpp-4 inhibitors, i.e. diphthrin enzyme 4 inhibitors, are a type of drug to treat type 2 diabetes, which can suppress insulin samples-1 (glp-1) and glucose dependence for the extinction of insulin-sulin-disrupted gip, increase the level of endogenous glp-1 and gip, promote the release of insulin from the insulin cell beta cells, and suppress insulin from alpha-cell insulin from the insulin island.
Insulin is a type of intestine-genuine-genuine-genuine-genuine-genuine-genuine-genuine-genuine-genuine-genin-genuine-genin-genuine-genin-genuine-genin-genuine-promotion-1 (glucagon-licepeptide-1, glp-1) and glucose-dependent insulin-gen-genuine-genuine-genin-genuine-genuine-polysis.
(glucose-dependentinsulinotolicpolypeptide, gip). dpp-4 is a cell surface filtrate protein enzyme. dpp-4 is the highest expression in the intestinal tract, as well as in the liver, pancreas, placenta, breast. dpp-4 can kill a wide range of bioactive pelicans, including glp-1 and gip. dpp-4 inhibitors can cause dpp-4 to lose its function, so it can not be solved in any way.
glp-1, by raising the level of glp-1, to take control of blood sugar, is currently the main target of 2.2 global dpp-4 inhibitor market for diabetes treatments, exceeding $12 billion. With new health insurance, the country has so far marketed a wide range of dpp-4 inhibitors: sitagliptin, Vigletin.
(vildagliptin), Shagletine (saxagliptin), Agrettin (alogliptin), Ligrettin (linagliptin), Gemigliptin (gemigliptin) and Tengelitin (teneliliptin). According to the pdb global bestseller 500 database, the combined sales of Dpp-4 inhibitors in the top 500 sales in 2016 amounted to $12 billion, all of which
The first Dpp-4 inhibitor to be marketed by the ball is Sigletin, with a global sales scale of $6.42 billion in 2016. Siegre Leedin, after being approved for listing by the United States fda in 2006, sold in the global market for unilateral agents on a global scale of almost $4.5 billion. Its complex formulations are growing steadily each year as awareness increases, reaching $2.25 billion in 2016.
The formulations are expected to gradually encroach on the market for unilateral formulations based on the advantages of tasting efficacy, ease of use, etc. The products in the dpp-4 category above, including the related combination formulations, most of which are already on the market in China, such as Sigletin, Shagletin, Wigretine, Agretine and Ligletine.
The share of the domestic market for diabetic drugs is still small, with $195 million in sales at the pdb sample hospital in the third quarter of 2017, an increase of +31.6 per cent over the same period, although these dpp-4s still account for a smaller share of the domestic market for diabetic drugs, these dpp-4 unilateral varieties have been included in the new version of the 2017 national health insurance catalogue.
The positive performance of products in the global market, followed by an annual increase in the number of diabetic drug users in China and an increase in doctors ' and patients ' awareness of the Dpp-4 product, is expected to lead to a gradual increase in the domestic market share of the product. 3 companies have excellent data on Hd118 international centres and have a clear potential to produce medicines
Hd118, commonly known as dutogliptin, is a dempp-4 inhibitor-type sugar-lower, first developed by the Finnomix Department in the United States, and won a global patent on hd118 in 2011 by the United States firm sino-medinational. In 2014, China and China signed a technology transfer contract with sino-medinational.
All pharmacological, non-clinical and clinical research data are being developed, produced, and sold in China. In 2010, Dutogliptin completed a 12-week international multi-centre bi-blind clinical experiment with 423 patients and published it in the journal Diabetes, Obesityandmetabolism.
According to publicly available clinical test data, sugar drops in dotogliptin were good, with glucose haemoglobin at the main clinical endpoints: 0.52 per cent (p<0.001) and 0.35 per cent (p=0.006) below the placebo correction for 400 mg and 200 mg, respectively, while Sigletin, the leading drug dealer in the global dpp-4 inhibitor, reduced the glucose haemoglobin by 0.5 per cent after the placebo correction.
(100 mg, 18 weeks) and 0.6% (100 mg, 24 weeks), see hd118 clinical ii clinical trial data showing that the efficacy of the treatment as compared to Sigretin is not much different, and that there are no serious and high incidence of adverse effects. From secondary clinical trial endpoints: drop in glucated haemoglobin to less than 7%, placebos, 200 mg, and
The drop in Hba1c concentrations to 7 per cent after treatment of 400mgdutogliptin was 12 per cent, 21 per cent (p = 0.056), and 27 per cent (p = 0.008), respectively, from an analysis of the swarms of glucated haemoglobin concentrations at the beginning of the treatment, the effects of sugar reduction were most pronounced for those with high Hba1c concentrations at the beginning: placebos, 200 mg and 400 mg at the beginning of hba1c > 8.5 per cent and hba1c
The variation in Hba1c concentrations among patients at ~8.5% was -0.36% vs-0.19%, -0.86% vs-0.46%, and they thought that Hd118 had a significant potential for sugar reduction or was not lower than the best marketed Sigretine in the world.
The glp-1, dpp-4, sglt-2, three-generation insulin, and mono-resistant new drugs have focused product layouts. From the start of the new ttp273 product, the world’s first-ever diabetes drug, and the exclusive dpp-4 inhibitor hd118, companies are expected to scale up the transition from imitation to innovation, and to move the company internationalization process forward.
The success of phase ii, which is a preliminary validity study, does not bode well for 100% of the success of clinical test data in the iii. The company hd118 has now received a clinical batch, which, after completion of the clinical trial, also requires a declaration of production, which is either on the market or at a lower rate than that of Nome, and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.