Deutsche Bank
Markets Research
Asia
Industry
Date
Hong Kong
ZTE-A and -H
Telecommunications
Initiation of Coverage
James Wang
Caution, speed bump ahead; initiating
Research Analyst
ZTE-H with Hold, ZTE-A with Sell
Leverage to 5G and market share gains mostly priced in
Peter Milliken, CFA
ZTE is well leveraged to grow in telco capex from 5G build-out starting in 2020.
Research Analyst
That said, current global appetite for large 5G capex is limited; while there is
stronger political support for 5G tech in China, with limited application
opportunities, we expect Chinese telcos to tread a middle path in the 5G build-
out. Short term, global telco capex is set to fall 5-7% p.a., although ZTE's
Robert Sanders
competitors struggle with profitability, providing some room for share gains.
Research Analyst
With ZTE's share price doubling YTD against a tough market backdrop, upside
potential appears mostly priced in; Hold ZTE-H and Sell ZTE-A.
Limited applications to support a widespread 5G rollout
Global telcos have expressed reservations about 5G, which likely reflect a
Johannes Schaller
combination of: 1) failure to monetize 4G, 2) reduced profitability and 3) limited
viable applications requiring nationwide 5G. For many applications, e.g., video
Research Analyst
streaming and IoT, existing technology suffices; for others, e.g., robotics, needs
can mostly be met by regional 5G rollout. For most global telcos around the
world, we expect 5G networks to be deployed like islands in a sea of 4G.
Stronger political support in China should see ZTE better placed
Companies Featured
There is stronger political support for a 5G build-out in China, with the
government aiming to make the nation a networking powerhouse. Hence,
Chinese telcos spend on 5G capex will likely be more than their international
peers. Our bottom-up build suggests a total 5G capex in China of ~RMB1.5trn
to be spent from 2020 (twice the estimated 4G spend), which would lead to
c.RMB1.9trn in total capex spending between 2020 and 2024. This would drive
a 30% lift in ZTE's China carrier revenue in 2020 and a further 15% in 2021.
Opportunities in the near term, but it is a tough environment
In the near term, operating conditions for equipment vendors remain tough,
with our global team expecting a 6-7% p.a. decline in telco capex (ex US) over
the next two years. Issues at its major competitors present some opportunities
for share gains for ZTE, i.e. teething integration issues and potentially
excessive pricing discipline at Nokia and poor profitability at Ericsson. We have
assumed a 2-3ppt p.a. market share increase for ZTE in the Asia Pacific and
EMEA regions over the next three years to reflect these. In China, we see
limited opportunities for ZTE to gain further material share prior to 5G, given its
already dominant position with a 30-35% market share in wireless equipment.
Many of these factors are priced in, with close to no upside potential for ZTE-A
While ZTE has put the litigation issues in the US behind it, significant execution
risks remain, given the competitive threat posed by Huawei. With ZTE-H
trading in line with its peers (albeit expensive vs. its own long-run average
12mth PE), and with ZTE-A valuation already implying a bullish scenario of
share gain, margin lift and significant capex blowout in China (leaving little free
cash flow for the telcos), we rate ZTE-H a Hold and ZTE-A a Sell.
Valuation and risks
PT based on mid-point of SoTP and DCF valuations (WACC 8.7%, TGR 1%).
Upside risks: 1) keen 5G applications and 2) govet push to drive 5G spending.
Downside: 1) share loss and 2) delays in formalizing 5G. See pp. 36-7.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should be
aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider
this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURIDistributed on: 08/11/2017 20:48:29 GMT.
LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 083/04/2017. THE CONTENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC
OF CHINA ("THE PRC") (EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF PRC),
EXCLUDING SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGIONS OF HONG KONG AND MACAU.
ZTE
Reuters: 0763.HK
Bloomberg: 0763 HK
Hold
Company Profile
ZTE is an integrated telecommunication equipment
manufacturer, supplying to telecom operators in China and
across the globe. It also manufactures handsets and
provides ICT related services to government and enterprise
customers.
Price Performance
Margin Trends
Growth & Profitability
Solvency
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
James Wang
ZTE-A
Reuters: 000063.SZ
Bloomberg: 000063 CS
Sell
Company Profile
ZTE is an integrated telecommunication equipment
manufacturer, supplying to telecom operators in China and
across the globe. It also manufactures handsets and
provides ICT related services to government and enterprise
customers.
Price Performance
Margin Trends
Growth & Profitability
Solvency
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
James Wang
Investment thesis
5G lacking viable business cases: Telcos around the world are not
willing to increase capex significantly for 5G, given limited viable
business cases and subdued growth.
Better prospects for 5G in China: The Chinese government is
supportive of 5G, which will be helpful for ZTE. However, we do not
believe the level of spending will be overwhelmingly high. We expect
5G capex in China to total RMB1.5trn over 10 years.
Opportunities offsetting challenges near-term for ZTE: In the near
term, ZTE could benefit from issues at Nokia (integration) and Ericsson
(poor profitability). However, it faces a declining market. There has
also been limited evidence of market share gains outside of China.
Valuation appears full: ZTE-H valuation appears full while ZTE-A is
already factoring in a bullish 5G build-out scenario in China.
Lack of enthusiasm for 5G globally
To date, most telcos across the globe have been lukewarm towards 5G,
reflecting a combination of:
Declining profitability and limited evidence of 4G monetization;
Lack of compelling business applications, e.g. unlike 4k, 8k video
cannot be discerned with the naked eye, AR/VR is still nascent;
Existing technologies may be good enough in most cases, e.g.,
Massive MIMO for bandwidth and NB-IoT for IoT and
High cost involved in building a national 5G network, given the higher
spectrum frequencies involved.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Company Data
Level of coverage for a new 5G network in early deployment
% of operators seeing the highest priority use in early 5G deployment
Source: Deutsche Bank, GSMA CEO 5G Survey
Source: Deutsche Bank, GSMA CEO 5G Survey
The telcos operators have made the following comments on 5G investments:
China Mobile chairman: We will not blindly invest in 5G without viable
business applications, and there are no such viable applications under
5G at the moment:
China Unicom chairman: 5G will co-exist with 4G for a long time, and
it is different when migrating from 2G to 4G than from 4G to 5G. 5G
remains just a story at the moment;
MTS (Russia) chief marketing officer: There is no business case behind
it, and it is not in our business plan for 2017 or 2018;
Deutsche Telecom chief technology officer: 4G will evolve further, and it
is not going to be a big bang with 5G. Greater industry collaboration is
needed to reduce the cost of rolling out a 5G radio network and some
established vendors may not survive the transition from 4G to 5G;
DoCoMo management: We would like to see capex decline up until
FY19 and then flat from FY20 onwards.
Singtel CEO: It is too early to discuss 5G while 4G remains
unmonetized.
Hence at this stage, we expect 5G networks to be islands in a sea of 4G.
Better prospects for 5G in China
We see better prospects for 5G investments in China, due to strong
government support for the tech industry and its over-arching aim of making
the country an IT and networking powerhouse. With that said, we also see a
number of moderating factors, including:
The need to improve SOE returns: the government wants to improve
SOE's returns, reduce unwanted supply and for all telcos to have profit
targets on which they need to deliver;
Telecom infrastructure has caught up: the Chinese telcos have
invested a significant amount in the past and the state of Chinese
telecom infrastructure has caught up with (and even exceeded) many
of its international peers;
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, Ericsson, OECD, 3Q17 for China, 4Q16 for other countries
Unbalanced competitive strength in the telecom sector, with China
Mobile still making the lion's share of industry profits. A drive to spend
significantly on the network would invariably tip the competitive
balance against smaller players, given their lower margins and weaker
financial strength.
We believe the government will likely factor in the needs of all stakeholders in
its considerations, and given the limited global support for 5G, we expect
Chinese telcos to be somewhat cautious in capex spending. We estimate that
in aggregate Chinese telcos will likely spend RMB1.5trn on 5G over 2020-2030,
a level sufficient for nationwide coverage by 2030, but not so exorbitant that
every corner of the country would be covered by high bandwidth 5G.
The table below shows our forecasts of total 5G capex in China. We have used
7m base stations as the basis for coverage achieved by 2024, which is based
on the current number of 4G base stations multiplied by two to account for the
higher frequencies used, partially offset by the larger bandwidth offered.
Our 2030 target assumes a higher number of base stations for improved
coverage and higher bandwidth needs, offset by declining base station prices.
The total capex under 5G based on our forecasts imply 2x the level of capex
spent on 4G to achieve an equivalent level of coverage. The total capex for
Chinese telcos and the implied share of China carrier revenue forecasts are
shown below.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Company Data
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Company Data
Using the forecast telco capex as our base, we forecast a significant uplift in
ZTE's China carrier revenue in 2020 from a combination of: a) an increase in
5G capex and b) an increase in market share, as has been the experience in the
past. These are set out below.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Company Data, Ericsson revenue includes some revenue from North
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Company Data, Ericsson revenue includes some revenue from North
East Asia
East Asia
Opportunities offsetting challenges near-term
The near-term industry outlook is challenging for telecom equipment vendors,
due to a declining capex outlook, including China. We estimate global capex
(ex US) to decline at a rate of 6-7% p.a. over the next two years.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Industry Data
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Industry Data
However, two of ZTE's key competitors are having issues of their own: Nokia
in terms of integrating with Alcatel, and Ericsson with profitability.
Furthermore, with the number of competitors reduced (due to the Nokia and
Alcatel merger) and Huawei becoming dominant globally, there is an
opportunity for the number four player (i.e., ZTE) to increase its market share,
particularly in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions, which are generally more
receptive to Chinese equipment vendors.
We have assumed a 2-3 ppt p.a. improvement in ZTE's EMEA and Asia Pacific
market share over the next three years to reflect the above factors, which we
believe is more than adequate.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, FY16 reported for Huawei and FY17E DB est. for the others
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, Assume 5% net profit margin for revenue
Valuation close to full for ZTE-H and stretched for ZTE-A
We rate ZTE-H a Hold as we believe it is fully valued at the current price, with
the PE multiple above the long-run average, albeit in line with its long-run
relativity vs. other telecom equipment vendors.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, Bloomberg Finance LP
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, Bloomberg Finance LP, 12mth forward relative PER
Source: Deutsche Bank, Bloomberg Finance LP, Based on DB forecasts for ZTE, consensus forecasts for
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, Bloomberg Finance LP, 12mth forward relative PER
other names
Stress testing ZTE-A valuation
We rate ZTE-A as a Sell, as even with rosy assumptions, there is limited
valuation support on offer.
As shown above, ZTE-A would still be trading on ~15x FY20 PE assuming:
Chinese telcos' capex reaches 30% of revenue by 2020, a level that
would leave them with little free cash flow over the next five years,
ZTE's net profit margin rises to 6% from the current rate of 4%, a level
it has yet to achieve in its history and
Its share of Chinese telco capex rises to 15%.
5G as it stands is not a
blockbuster
Each change in mobile technology generation brings with it upgrades to
network functionalities and is typically a time for equipment vendors to
monetize their research efforts as new network equipment replaces the old.
However, as it currently stands, 5G does not appear to be a blockbuster for
equipment vendors as 4G is good enough for most applications and few of the
applications currently would potentially require a nationwide 5G rollout.
Furthermore many telcos around the world are struggling to generate growth
and hence do not have the financial appetite for a new wave of capex,
particularly given the limited monetization benefits of their 4G investments.
In this section, we look at:
The 5G criteria
Potential application scenarios; and
Evidence of why global telcos are not keen on 5G.
What is 5G, briefly?
From the first generation (1G) mobile technology to 4G, each generation of
mobile technology has resulted in a substantial improvement in the way that
telecommunication services are provided. 2G allowed small amounts of data
(including messages) to be transmitted in addition to voice communication, 3G
and 4G allowed significantly more data to be transmitted, and 4G enabled
"things" to be connected.
Each generation of mobile technology is also defined by different
communication standards and performance requirements as shown above.
The communication standards and performance specifications for the fifth
generation of mobile technologies (5G) have yet to be formally defined,
although there is some consensus on what 5G would be able to achieve. The
GSM Association (which represents mobile operators' interests globally)
identified a set of eight requirements for 5G technology as shown below.
The improvement in performance of 5G vs. 4G revolves around three main
aspects:
Improved data download speed (enhanced mobile broadband)
Peak data rate from 1Gbps to 10-20Gbps
1000x bandwidth per unit area
Ultra reliable and low latency communication
Reduce latency from 10ms to 1ms
(Perceived) 99.999% availability
(Perceived) 100% coverage
Massive machine type connections:
Improve energy efficiency tenfold
Allowing 10-100x number of connected devices in an area
Up to 10 years of battery life for low power, machine type devices.
It is worth noting that not all these requirements will need to be met at the
same time across a network. Rather, various combinations of a subset of the
above requirements will be supported "when and where it matters". For
example, it is unnecessary to have download speeds of 20Gbps for typical
industrial sensors, but they may need to be run with low-energy usage and a
large number of them may need to be connected in a small area.
While previous generations of mobile technology have significantly improved
consumer adoption and experience in using their mobile devices, enterprise
applications of mobile technology have so far been limited. It is hoped that 5G
will be a key enabler of many enterprise applications, such as:
Internet of things (IoT), which will require the large number of
connections afforded by 5G;
Robotics (and tactile internet), which will be enabled by the precise
and low latency properties of a 5G network;
Big data: with significant volumes of data coming from connected
devices such as sensors, vehicles (e.g. self-driving cars); and
Cloud computing (and artificial intelligence) with large processing
capabilities stored in data centers in remote locations.
With enterprises being the dominant target customer group for 5G technology,
it is hoped that telcos will be able to monetize their 5G network investments
better than in the past. We suspect that typical conversations between telcos
and their enterprise customers will sound like these:
We will save you $10m in labor costs by installing these sensors /
robots, and each year we will charge you $100k for the network
usage, a fraction of the costs saved;
The driverless car costs $1m but it may need to upload 1,000GB of
data per day. We will charge the car company $10k for 10 years of
data usage, a small fraction of the price of the car;
These robotics arms installed for surgeons/technicians will save them
10 trips a year; for linking this service to the 5G network, we charge
$10k a year, which is still cheaper than the $100k required for
travelling.
For these reasons in the long run, we see better monetization opportunities for
telcos under 5G than under 4G, which mostly just improves the download
speed of mobile handsets without attracting new customers to mobile
operators.
% of operators considering where the revenue opportunity is likely to be most important
Source: Deutsche Bank, GSMA CEO 5G Survey
Source: Deutsche Bank, GSMA CEO 5G Survey
No current need for a widespread 5G rollout
While we share some of the excitement around what the future technology
may entail, early application scenarios under 5G would merely enhance the
mobile broadband experience. As it currently stands, we do not see the need
for a 5G build-out at a similar pace or coverage to the 4G network, since the
4G technology is good enough in some of these scenarios or the 5G
technology or application scenario is not sufficiently mature to require a
nationwide rollout. We explore these factors below.
Existing 4G technology is good enough
The enhancement to the video viewing experience on a mobile phone
Figure 28: Limited visual
is limited when stepping up from HD to 4K/8K, given the small display
improvement from 4K screens
screen. We suspect a 5G network is more likely to be used as a
marketing gimmick by telecom operators, particularly in the initial
stages of the build-out.
Most of the IoT applications are likely to run on the NB-IoT standard
under 4G for some time. In fact the 5G IoT standard won't be ready
until Release 16 in 2019.
No need for a nationwide rollout of 5G network
Cutting-edge technologies, such as robotics and e-health, remain
expensive and can be satisfied by a limited rollout of the 5G network,
focusing mostly on Tier 1 cities or specific regions and supplemented
Source: CNet
by Wi-Fi and fixed broadband.
For self-driving cars, we do not think the mission-critical components
will be reliant on the 5G network, given improved processing power
and the significant litigation risks associated should accidents occur.
While there is significant data upload needs for self-driving cars, this
should be done when there is a 5G or Wi-Fi network available (e.g. in
city areas). Furthermore some sources indicate that the level of data
uploads could reach around 3,000GB per day (e.g. CSIA) for a self-
driving car. With the average fixed broadband user using only 20-
50GB per month, other methods may need to be contemplated.
Augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) applications will require
the support of a 5G network, but it's still early days for these
technologies. With VR taking some time to take off despite the initial
launch hype, we think some degree of skepticism is in order.
Furthermore, we expect the usage of AR and VR to be most likely
focused on city areas and the more affluent regions.
A nationwide rollout of 5G network will be much more expensive than 4G
Currently typical 4G spectrum frequencies are 700MHz, 900MHz and
1800MHz, while the lowest frequency currently allocated for 5G is 3500MHz.
As a rule of thumb, the 1800MHz spectrum covers around double the distance
of the 3500MHz. Hence, to achieve the same level of coverage, the number of
5G base stations required will be 3-4x. Furthermore, building a standalone 5G
network may require further significant investments in the fiber backhaul.
Relativity between number of base stations required for coverage
Source: Deutsche Bank
Source: Deutsche Bank
There are some offsets: the use of beam forming techniques can increase
propagation distance and, given their higher bandwidth capacity, 5G base
stations can reduce the number of base stations required in high-density areas.
Furthermore some uncertainties remain around the spectrum to be used for
5G, with different frequencies proposed by different countries. Ultimately some
of the 2G/3G spectrum in lower frequencies may be re-allocated to 5G later.
Struggling telcos generally cautious about 5G spending
The investing intentions of telcos in the 5G era are generally subdued as telco
profitability and growth stall and with evidence of 4G monetization generally
limited for telcos.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Company Data
Hence it is understandable when we hear such comments by telco operators
on 5G investments:
China Mobile chairman: We will not blindly invest in 5G without viable
business applications and there are no such viable applications under
5G at the moment;
China Unicom chairman: 5G will co-exist with 4G for a long time and it
is different when migrating from 2G to 4G than from 4G to 5G. 5G
remains just a story at the moment;
MTS (Russia) chief marketing officer: There is no business case behind
it and it is not in our business plan for 2017 or 2018;
Deutsche Telecom chief technology officer: 4G will evolve further and
it is not going to be a big bang with 5G. Greater industry collaboration
is needed to reduce the cost of rolling out a 5G radio network and
some established vendors may not survive the transition from 4G
to 5G;
DoCoMo management: We would like to see capex decline up until
FY19 and then be flat from FY20 onwards.
Korean telcos: The annual capex burden won't be too different vs. 4G.
% of operators seeing the highest priority use in early 5G deployment
Level of coverage for a new 5G network in early deployment
Source: Deutsche Bank, GSMA CEO 5G Survey
Source: Deutsche Bank, GSMA CEO 5G Survey
Upgrade path for 5G
There are two broad deployment scenarios for 5G networks: standalone and
non-standalone. A standalone network is newly built and includes new base
stations, backhaul links and a core network, while a non-standalone network
piggy-backs on the existing infrastructure (e.g. adding new aerials and
modules to existing base stations).
Standalone offers better performances as well as less complexity from legacy
LTE integration but is more expensive in the early commercial stage. According
to GSMA, operators in China are more inclined to take the standalone route
while operators in other countries are likely to opt for a non-standalone
approach in the early stages.
A 5G build-out would most likely require:
New base stations or upgrades to existing base stations (e.g. new
aerials), depending on whether a standalone or non-standalone 5G
network is being built and whether the base stations would readily
accommodate 5G equipment;
New routers and backhaul, or upgrades to existing backhaul, to
accommodate the increase in data usage; and
New core network (Evolved Packet Core) for the new functionalities
offered for the standalone 5G while the existing core network may be
used for non-standalone 5G.
Source: 3GPP, Deutsche Bank
Notes: UE = user equipment, BSC = base station controller, SGSN = serving GPRS support node, MME = mobility management entity (control plane - session management), SGW = serving gateway, PGW = packet
data network gateway, HSS = home subscriber server (user identification), PCRF = policy and charging rules function - manages the service policy, OSS = operation support systems (fulfillment, assurance - service
quality); BSS = business support systems (billing, CRM, customer care); Gi-LAN = gateway internet LAN interface
ZTE 5G revenue growth forecasts (outside of China)
The following table shows our forecasts for ZTE's revenue growth outside of
China for 2020 and beyond. We have assumed a combination of market share
gains and a reasonable capex increase under 5G but a later rollout date of
2021 for the global telcos. We discuss the near-term forecasts in a later
section.
Better support for 5G in
China
While there is a general reluctance by telcos around the world to increase
capex for 5G, the prospect is better in China as:
Chinese telcos will likely adopt a standalone 5G network, which is
higher in cost; and
There is general support by the Chinese government to lead
internationally in terms of its IT and network infrastructure, and to
facilitate the development of technology related companies.
At the end of the day, we believe Chinese telcos will likely tread the middle line
in terms of capex spending and estimate that they will spend in aggregate
RMB1.5trn on 5G over 2020-2030. However, we do not see a capex blowout in
the face of moderating factors, including the need to deliver profit targets for
telco operators.
ZTE, which has bigger exposure to the Chinese telecom capex cycle, should
benefit more than global equipment vendors. We explore these issues, our 5G
capex forecasts for China and its implications for ZTE below.
Chinese telcos will likely tread the middle path on 5G capex
The Chinese government has long been supportive of the country's technology
sector with companies such as ZTE enjoying a lower tax rate and government
grants (ZTE for example receives ~RMB1bn in grants each year). This message
was reiterated at the recent 19th National Congress with the government
aiming to make China a global IT and networking powerhouse.
The government would have also been proud of the achievements that Huawei
has made on the international stage and the country's increased ownership of
global mobile communication standards. Hence, some pressure is likely by the
government on Chinese telcos to invest earlier and at a larger scale on 5G than
international peers.
That said, we see some moderating factors, including:
The need to improve SOE returns: the government wants to improve
SOEs' returns and reduce unwanted supply, and the reform actions at
China Unicom suggest a desire to improve telco sector returns;
Telecom infrastructure has caught up: Chinese telcos already invested
significantly in the past and the state of Chinese telecom infrastructure
has caught up with (and even exceeded) many of its
international peers;
One national champion is enough? China has already had significant
success in promoting Huawei as a global powerhouse. Hence there
may be less motivation to lend support to a similar equipment
manufacturer beyond the level provided in the past.
China already has a strong say in international standards, with Time
Division (TD) now a globally recognized standard under 4G and this is
likely to form a core component of the 5G standards;
Unbalanced competitive strength in the telecom sector, with China
Mobile still making the lion's share of industry profits. A drive to spend
significantly on the network would invariably tip the competitive
balance against smaller players, given their lower margins and weaker
financial strength.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, Ericsson, OECD
DB China 5G capex forecasts
The table below shows our forecasts for total 5G capex in China. We expect
total 5G capex to be around twice that of 4G, to reflect the higher frequency,
offset by improving technology (e.g. higher propagation) and declining
equipment pricing over time.
We forecast total 5G wireless capex spend of RMB1.5trn with an initial spend
of RMB0.8trn spread over the first five years on the following basis:
Cost per 5G base station added of RMB115k, broadly based on the
historical average spend per 4G base station added and CU's own
estimate of RMB100k to RMB130k per 4G base station.
We assume a total of 7m 5G base stations being deployed over five
years based on 3.5m 4G base stations as at 1H17 (where the major
operators already have 85-95% 4G network coverage), multiplied by
two to account for the lower penetration of the high frequency 5G
spectrum, partially offset by the larger bandwidth offered.
We assume the number of base stations required doubles from 7m in
2024 to 15m in 2030, to account for increased data usage, partially
offset by a decline in ASP due to improvement in technology.
Source: Deutsche Bank, CAICT, Company Data
Our 5G capex forecasts are lower than CAICT's (a think-tank for the MIIT)
forecasts in their 5G White Paper (published in June 2017 and shown above),
particularly after 2022. We do not think the CAICT capex forecasts are
reasonable (particularly those beyond 2022) at the moment, given the limited
number of use cases for 5G. Applying such a hefty capex burden would imply
that the Chinese telcos would hardly generate any free cash flows in FY22-24,
2-3 years after 5G launch when the telcos would have already tested the
waters in terms of user demand for the services.
Source: Deutsche Bank, CAICT
Source: Deutsche Bank, CAICT
Implied Chinese telco overall capex forecasts
The following chart summarizes our telco capex forecasts. Backhaul capacity
upgrade is assumed to occur at a constant pace and here we assume a 5%
p.a. increase in spend each year. We forecast 2020 and 2021 being the peak
years in terms of total 5G spend, averaging RMB200bn p.a. which is in line
with the peak wireless capex in 2015. While our total capex spend is less than
the 2015 peak, this accounts for the following two factors: 1) RMB28bn of the
wireless capex is spent on 2G/3G by CU, and 2) the operators no longer need
to spend on fiber for the last mile fixed broadband access in 2020.
The capex spend by telco is shown below.
The implied capex to sales ratio for the telecom operators beyond FY17, based
on our forecasts, is around 23% which is 8ppts lower than the past, though we
note that their EBITDA margin is also 8ppts lower than the past, as shown
below.
How would a 5G build-out benefit vendors like ZTE?
For ZTE, we estimate that 39% of its revenue is exposed to the domestic
telecom capex cycle, while 19% of its revenue is exposed to the global capex
cycle, as at FY16. Its leverage to the Chinese telecom capex cycle has
increased in recent years, due to the increased scale of the Chinese telcos.
We also find that in times of technology change, ZTE tends to benefit more
from a higher revenue share than the historical average, as shown below.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data
ZTE China carrier revenue forecasts under 5G
Our forecasts for the equipment vendor revenue from the Chinese telecom
operators are shown in the following charts. We forecast a 30% increase in
ZTE's China carrier revenue in FY20 and another 15% increase in FY21.
We assume some market share gain for ZTE during the 5G era, however this is
unlikely to be a one-way street where the local Chinese vendors continue to
take share. Nokia has a JV in China, for example, which is 50%-owned by the
state and, furthermore, we expect the operators to also want to leave some for
the overseas vendors to retain competitive tension.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Company Data, Ericsson data includes North East Asia which may
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Company Data
have slightly overstated their market share
We also note that the equipment vendors' revenue as a % of telco capex has
increased noticeably in recent periods, as the equipment and software
component of capex increases and as telco capex no longer includes tower
constructions, which are now being carried out by the TowerCo. Hence, we
have used the more recent years as a better guide for the relativity between
equipment vendor revenue vs. telco capex.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Company Data, Ericsson data includes North East Asia which may
have slightly overstated their market share
Opportunities and
challenges near term
Before the 5G build-out arrives, the growth outlook is challenging with telco
capex set to fall in China and globally over the next 2-3 years. That said, with
ZTE's US regulatory issue having resolved and its European counterparts
looking to improve their profitability, ZTE has the opportunity to lift its market
share.
In the following section, we look at the growth outlook in the next 2-3 years
before 5G arrives and we outline the various risks (both upside and downside)
that we see to ZTE's near-term earnings.
Telco capex spend slowing
Globally, we estimate that telco capex will decline 3-5% p.a. over the next two
years, as the pace of 4G and fiber rollouts slows. North America is the only
region where we expect to see a rise in telco capex; however, it is the region
where ZTE has the least potential for growth. Excluding North America, we
expect the capex of telcos in the other regions to fall 6-7% p.a.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Industry Data
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Industry Data
For Chinese telcos, the picture is no different with their capex set to fall ~5%
p.a. over the next three years.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Industry Data
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Industry Data
With a challenging near-term outlook for the telecom capex cycle, the biggest
opportunity for growth for ZTE would be via market share gains, which we
explore in the following section.
Market share gain opportunities
The equipment vendors have limited segmental disclosures around their
operating businesses, we believe for competitive reasons. While some
independent data sources are available, differences still exist and the data are
often overly segmented and do not include a holistic picture of the providers.
Hence we look at market share based on reported revenue by the equipment
providers on the basis that they have similar competencies and would be
competing against each other on similar contracts.
On this basis, ZTE appears to be slowly gaining share in China, which is
leading to an increase in global market share, while Huawei is the one that is
consistently gaining share from the other vendors.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, Carrier revenue only
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, Includes carrier and enterprise revenue
We do note that ZTE has lost share in the government and enterprise segment,
which may be the result of recent regulatory issues as well as changes in their
strategy – i.e. moving away from package solutions to equipment sales only.
Profit focus from the global peers providing an opportunity for share gain
We see some opportunities for ZTE to gain market share from the likes of
Nokia and Ericsson, due to the following:
Ericsson's focus on return to profitability may see the loss of some
less profitable customers;
Nokia bedding down its acquisitions of Alcatel may see some
customer attrition;
ZTE's product and execution capabilities have improved. Our channel
checks in China suggest limited quality difference in the 4G RAN
product between the top four equipment vendors;
The Chinese government provides financial support to the equipment
vendors which allows ZTE to charge lower prices than the overseas
peers;
The desire by telco operators to maintain a reasonable degree of
competitive tension between the equipment providers with the loss of
one competitor in the market (i.e., Alcatel Lucent) and with Huawei
becoming ever more dominant.
Figure 65: Nokia and Ericsson focused on profitability
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, FY16 shown for Huawei, FY17E DB est. shown for the others
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates. Company Data
More share gain opportunities in EMEA and Asia Pacific
We see limited opportunities for ZTE to gain further material market shares in
China. Our channel checks suggest that ZTE already has a 30-35% market
share in the radio access network business, in line with Huawei. While ZTE's
market share in optical equipment and routers are lower, Huawei's dominance
in these markets may make any material market share gain more difficult.
However, there may be more opportunities in EMEA (Europe in particular) and
in Asia Pacific. As shown below, ZTE has less than 5% share in the EMEA
regions and has recently had some more high profile contract wins such as the
deployment. Meanwhile, some of the Asian telcos are still rolling out their 4G
networks, which provides some room for market share gains.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, Based on the disclosures of Nokia, ZTE, Huawei and Ericsson
The following table summarizes the revenue pie for each region. We see the
biggest upside for ZTE in the EMEA and Asia Pacific region, given ZTE's small
market share, and with Huawei's success in the region, it is likely that the
telcos there would be accommodative of ZTE's approach.
If we assume ZTE gains 3ppts in market share in the EMEA and Asia Pacific
region, this translates into a 10% increase in its overall revenue. Hence, there
does appear to be some material upside if ZTE was to gain market share.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, Based on the disclosures of Nokia, ZTE, Huawei and Ericsson
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data
In the following table, we provide some sensitivities for the earnings
opportunity for ZTE, assuming it is able to gain share from the peers.
Execution risks remain
Despite the upside from market share gains, we do think significant execution
risks remain for ZTE to deliver on the above. In particular, ZTE has not shown
itself to be able to gain market share outside of China, and Huawei may end up
scooping up more share as it has done in the past.
Furthermore, winning contracts in overseas markets may result in margin
dilution as ZTE uses pricing as a lever to get its foot in the door on some key
customers.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data
Carrier revenue forecasts over the next three years
We assume that ZTE's carrier revenue growth in China is relatively flat over the
next three years due to its high market share and as the domestic telcos' capex
declines. We have allowed for 2-3ppt p.a. market share in EMEA and Asia
Pacific for ZTE over the next three years, which we believe is more than
adequate, given its track record to-date.
Employee share scheme provides confidence in earnings
ZTE's employee share scheme stipulates that ZTE delivers ~10% p.a. in net
profit growth off an adjusted FY16 net profit over the next three years and an
ROE of 10% or above.
As shown below, it won't take much for ZTE to meet such targets (e.g. a 0.4%
margin improvement and 1% market share gain in EMEA and Asia).
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Company Data, ZTE profit margin based on its employee share
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, Applies a 5% net profit margin to revenue gains
targets
The existence of the share scheme could see ZTE selling off some of its core
assets faster in the near term to prop up its earnings should there be hiccups in
its revenue growth. As such, this may see its share price supported at current
levels before more clarity on the 5G build-out emerges.
Long-term disrupters: SDN
and NFV
Telecom equipment providers historically sell hardware with embedded and
dedicated software components. Typically, equipment providers make very
little margin on the initial hardware implementation phase in the hope of
recouping the cost via future software upgrades which have significantly
higher margins.
Network functions virtualization (NFV) is a move by telecom operators to
disaggregate software and hardware within telecom equipment, in order to
improve efficiency and flexibility. This unbundling process, however, may
result in reduced profitability for the equipment providers as the more lucrative
software business becomes more open to disruption and competition from
dedicated software providers.
The evidence of disruption is relatively limited so far, but may become a major
headwind in the longer term, as NFV and SDN are essential in enabling some
of the 5G functionalities (e.g. network slicing). Our European team, led by Rob
Sanders, has delved into this issue in significant detail for the European
equipment names in the note "Telco Cloud – Resistance is futile". We explore
the issue briefly in the following section.
What are NFV and SDN?
Network functions virtualization (NFV) was created in 2012 by telcos that were
frustrated, as existing hardware had limited their ability to speed up
deployment of new services, as the network functions are carried out by
embedded software in proprietary hardware. NFV disaggregates software and
hardware with network functions being run in software via virtualization
techniques and then run on commoditized hardware (e.g. a standardized
server). This allows network resources to be divided into individual channels
which can operate independently, enabling virtual applications to be quickly
implemented without the delays that come from installing new equipment.
NFV then allows telecom operators to improve resource utilization, reduce
hardware purchasing costs, reduce opex and provides the ability to launch
services more quickly.
Software defined networking (SDN) is a related concept that looks to promote
an open network architecture by centralizing the software that controls the
various network components, which would have previously been controlled by
its own consoles and commands. The end-result is to enable an open
multivendor ecosystem that allow automation of IT tasks.
NFV and SDN, hence, are complementary concepts that promote an open and
flexible network architecture. That said, the virtualization of network functions
does not rely on SDN technologies and vice versa.
How could they disrupt value in the equipment vendors?
For an equipment vendor like ZTE, the implications are mostly negative:
Until now, equipment vendors have preferred to sell equipment as an
integrated device, essentially as a closed black box. They have then
managed the pace of upgrades, with upgrades often the highest
margin sale within the customer lifecycle. With NFV/SDN, the
operating system can be supplied by a third party or internally and the
hardware sales are likely to decline.
The promotion of open standards means that vendors are not locked
in, hence making it easier to switch vendors in the future.
The unbundling of the software and hardware components also invite
competition from the large software vendors.
While software sales from equipment vendors may rise, this is unlikely
to offset the loss from hardware sales. Overall margin is likely to be
permanently depressed for the industry.
As shown below, DB's global team expects up to 20% revenue erosion from
NFV and SDN adoption by 2025.
Attitude of the telcos?
We do note that currently SDN is occurring at the core and backhaul level only
and the radio access networks ("RAN") equipment are still sold as "black
boxes". That said, a number of telcos have long-term goals of increasing the
penetration of SDN/NFV in their network architecture, which could see the
level of disruption increase over time.
The following table below summarizes NFV/SDN targets made by some of the
large telcos globally.
Figure 79: Virtualization targets set by telco operators
Telco operator
Comment
AT&T
NTT Docomo
Telefonica
China Telecom
Vodafone
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data
Our channel checks so far suggest that there remains some resistance to the
adoption of NFV and SDN by the telecom operators (noticeably China) due to:
Difficulty in implementing SDN concepts at the base station level;
A lack of visible cost savings due to the costs associated with renting
mini data centers to store the servers and additional maintenance
associated; and
Lack of interoperability and issues integrating with legacy equipment.
This issue is a risk for the likes of ZTE in the long run and is worth monitoring.
Valuation is broadly fair
ZTE-H relative valuation broadly fair
ZTE PE multiple has increased vs. its long-run average; however, it is broadly
fair vs. the domestic and international peers as shown below.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, Bloomberg Finance LP
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, Bloomberg Finance LP, 12mth forward relative PER
Source: Deutsche Bank, Bloomberg Finance LP, Based on DB forecasts for ZTE, consensus forecasts
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, Bloomberg Finance LP, 12mth forward relative PER
for other names
DB valuation
Our target price is HKD26.50/share for ZTE-H and RMB23/share for ZTE-A. We
have not ascribed any premium for the A-share stocks, given there is no
fundamental difference between the two stocks and no reliable or scientific
way of ascertaining such a premium.
We value ZTE based on the mid-point of our DCF and peer-based P/E
valuation. Our DCF valuation is HKD26.40/share, based on the following
assumptions. TGR is 1%, below GDP growth given the lower earnings growth
of the telecom operators. We assume ZTE will grow generally in line with
telcos long-run revenue growth.
PE of 22.7x.
Risks
The key upside risks include:
The government pushing for an earlier 5G rollout, e.g. if the 5G license
is given out in early 2019;
The government stipulating larger-than-expected spend on 5G;
Higher-than-expected market share gains;
The advent of a "killer" application that requires large-scale 5G
network build-out, e.g. the proliferation of Augmented Reality
applications;
Larger-than-expected margin improvement.
The key downside risks include:
Market share losses;
Delay in formalizing the 5G standards;
Reluctance from telecom operators to spend on 5G;
Increase in competitive intensity.
Company description
Management background
Mr. Yimin Yin – Executive Chairman
Mr. Yin was born in 1963 and graduated with a master's degree in
Telecommunication and Electronics from Nanjing Postal University. He joined
ZTE in 1991 in one of its subsidiaries as a research director and has since held
various roles including vice president in handsets, sales and research. He has
been a director of the company since 1997. Mr. Yin was most recently the
head of ZTE's handsets business and has been ZTE's chairman since March
Mr. Xianmin Zhao - CEO
Mr. Zhao was
born
and
graduated with doctorate in
Telecommunication and Electronics from Harbin Industrial University. Mr. Zhao
joined ZTE in 1998 in its CDMA product division, looking after research and
management. Since then he has been a research team head, and product and
project manager and was senior vice president of the company from 2004,
looking after the CDMA and mobile division. Between 2014 and 2015, Mr.
Zhao was the CTO of the company and he was the acting chairman between
2016 and 2017.
Mr. Zaisheng Wei - CFO
Mr. Wei was born in 1962 and obtained a master's of business administration
in 2004. Mr. Wei joined ZTE in 1988 and has held various positions, including
assistant to the CEO and head of markets. He has been CFO of the company
since 2008.
Shareholding structure
ZTE is dual-listed on the Hong Kong and Shen Zhen stock exchanges. Each A
and H share has equal voting rights and there are ~3% of shares in
performance options and locked up management shares.
The largest shareholder of the ZTE Corporation is Zhong Xing Xin, which is in
turn owned by three other shareholders, Xi'An Microelectronics, Aerospace
Guangyu and Zhongxing WXT. Xi'An Microelectronics is a subsidiary of the
China Aerospace Electronics Technology Research Institute, which is a large
state-owned research institute. Aerospace Guangyu is also a state-owned
enterprise with a business scope including aerospace technology products and
machinery equipment. Zhongxing WXT is a private enterprise and its legal
representative is Hou Weigui, who was the chairman of ZTE between 2004 and
Key historical charts
The following charts summarize the revenue split by division.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data
58% of ZTE's revenue comes from mainland China and we estimate around
39% of its total revenue comes from the China carrier network products, while
19% of its revenue comes from overseas carriers.
Figure 92: Carrier revenue market share
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data
From a gross margin perspective, carrier equipment is the most profitable
segment at 39%, while handsets are the least profitable at 14%.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data, As at FY16 for others
Comparison vs. global peers
Figure 96: FY16 cost structure vs. peers
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data
Figure 98: Number of R&D professionals vs. peers
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company Data
Earnings forecasts
Key drivers of our earnings forecasts are shown below.
We are 3-5% below Bloomberg consensus forecasts - with FY17 earnings
having benefitted from ~RMB2bn in marked-to-market gains on the Nubia
sale, it does make growth in FY18 more difficult to achieve. That said, ZTE has
historically had lump investment income from sales of subsidiaries which
could help cushion the earnings gap in future years.
Major products by business segments
Carrier (58% of revenue, 39% gross margin)
Wireless: base stations, controller and network management
solutions:
Core: packed core, OSS (operation support system), user data
management systems, IP Multi-media systems;
Backhaul: optical transmission (OTN) and data communication (switch
and routers);
Fixed access: optical and copper access.
Government and enterprises (9% of revenue, 37% gross margin)
Cloud and cloud security;
Big data solutions;
Video conferencing and surveillance;
Smart metering;
Command and control systems for emergency response agencies.
Consumers (33% of revenue, 14% gross margin)
Handsets.
Historical accounts
Important Disclosures
Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Other
information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the
primary subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at
"Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
Important Disclosures Required by U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.
See Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received non-investment banking related compensation from this company
within the past year.
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst about the
subject issuers and the securities of those issuers. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst has not and will not receive
any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. James Wang
Historical recommendations and target price: ZTE-A (000063.SZ)
(as of 11/7/2017)
Historical recommendations and target price: ZTE (0763.HK)
(as of 11/7/2017)
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Equity rating key
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total
share-holder return (TSR = percentage change in
share price from current price to projected target price
plus pro-jected dividend yield ), we recommend that
investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-
holder return, we recommend that investors sell the
stock
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months
out and, based on this time horizon, do not
recommend either a Buy or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target
prices supersede previously published research.
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of these websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this
report, or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche
Bank may act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its own
account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those
taken in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis,
equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication
may differ from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies or
otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on.
Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment
banking, trading and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts
sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas that are consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term
conviction belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or sector delineated over a
time frame of no less than two weeks. In addition to SOLAR ideas, the analysts named in this report may from time to
time discuss with our clients, Deutsche Bank salespersons and Deutsche Bank traders, trading strategies or ideas that
reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return
or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to
otherwise notify a recipient thereof if any opinion, forecast or estimate contained herein changes or subsequently
becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company
specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion
of the coverage analyst concerned or of the Research Department Management and as such the majority of reports are
published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account
the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation
of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are
inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst's judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not
be suitable for all investors and investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of
financial instruments are subject to change without notice and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of
price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's
currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily
indicative of future results. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session,
and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is sourced from Deutsche Bank,
subject companies, and in some cases, other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business areas divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect
available
website
under
Disclaimer
found
the
our
research
our
Legal
tab.
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a
loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency
convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and
settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed
income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to
FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the
index fixings may -- by construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended
to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon
rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is
also important to acknowledge that funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are
denominated carries FX risk. Naturally, options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to
the
risks
related
rates
movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.
The appropriateness or otherwise of these products for use by investors is dependent on the investors' own
circumstances including their tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and
liabilities, and as such, investors should take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar
to or inspired by the contents of this publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can
be substantial. As a result of the high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be
incurred that are greater than the amount of funds initially deposited. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable
for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized
website please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: ( i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed
exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at
review this information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and all affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you, any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information
provided in the materials attached hereto. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as Your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any
trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or
account type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in
making Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to
particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the
offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this
directly
from
inform
us,
ask
that
you
immediately.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and
SIPC. Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA
regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Pvt Ltd, which is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(SEBI) as a stock broker. Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number is INH000001741. DEIPL may have received
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA,
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks
involved in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by
multiplying the transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to
losses as a result of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional
losses stemming from foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories
of investment advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk
of losses to principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in
market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the
relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in
this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the
name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank
Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are
not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's
equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number
South
1998/003298/10).
Africa:
Singapore: by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (One Raffles
Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters
arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated in Singapore to a person who
is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and
regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank
research may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without
written consent. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and
is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited,
Taipei
transactions
clients
these
securities/instruments.
Branch
may
not
execute
for
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower,
West Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related
financial products or services are only available to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority.
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company, (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District.
P.O.
Box
Faisaliah
Tower
17th
Floor,
Riyadh,
Saudi
Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai
International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been
distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as
defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please
refer
Australian
specific
research
disclosures
related
information
and
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of APAC Research
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Anthony Klarman
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
Head of Research - Germany
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
2-11-1 Nagatacho
Filiale Hongkong
60329 Frankfurt am Main
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Germany
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America