Events: A draft equity incentive scheme was released on the evening of 27 December, and the company plans to grant 46,680,000 stock options to the incentive audience, representing about 0.95 per cent of the total equity of the company.
In the event that the conditions for the right to move are met, i.e. 1.2, 1.25 and 1.35 yuan for each share lost during the 2019-2021 test period, the duration of the equity options awarded by the incentive scheme during the period of validity is calculated for a maximum period of up to 60 months from the date of the award. Equity incentives to boost the core team are conducive to long-term healthy development of the company.
The scheme involves a total of 502 persons, including company directors, senior managers, middle-level managers and core corporate staff. The equity incentive scheme is conducive to the creation and soundness of corporate long-term incentives to attract and retain good talent and to fully motivate core corporate talent. It is an effective research assistant for Wang Chimin.
The performance test of the right conditions enhances the company’s performance predictability, while at the same time highlighting the company’s confidence in its future development. The price of this equity incentive is $9.64 per unit, higher than \triangleright.
Xiaojie Research Assistant, a company with high cash profitability, high book undistributed profits, moderate leverage, capital expenditure is down and has high potential for future dividends.
The three-quarterly review of the Luangzhou coal industry (600188) reports a limited coal production rate of 57.85%, a moderate leverage rate of 1.09 pct below the end of the previous year, and the level of indebtedness is expected to continue to fall as part of the company’s debt is expected to be repaid through targeted increases. With the completion of basic coal investment at the Limong Base, Australia’s base, future corporate capital spending is expected to decline significantly, with the potential for high future dividends.
In the Riongzhou Coal Industry (600188.sh), the price increases are high, in the Luang State Coal Industry (600188.sh): Four domestic regulatory winds, and the Australasia Base has a bonus in industry, 2018.05.28.
Stock price catalysts: Profitability continues to be released in Australasia, and constraints on normal production at the triangleright Sindh Securities Co. Ltd. \triangleright
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. House No. 1, 9 Downtown, Beijing, Beijing. Risk factors: the risk of a marked decline in coal prices, the risk of a safe production affecting production progress, and the risk of releasing production capacity below expectations.
Toming Zhok, a Ph.D. from the China Mining University (Beijing), a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, a member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing, and a former deputy director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Research, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, and in June 2016, the Union Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry.
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering of the China Mining University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal sector. Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering of the General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of Business and Industry Management of the Chinese People’s University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.