Quarterly Report 2025 (001965.sz) Review: q3 performed steadily, net return profit + 3.91 per cent incident: Quarterly 2025 published by Mercantile Road.
Impact; operating costs of $1.99 billion, +7.28 per cent of the year, and cost increases have led to a pressure on Māori, > Roads to run the flagship platform, and to watch the development of the industry and the industrial chain. > Company is a leading platform with a strong alpha road to operate, and we continue to see two major growth factors: 1) Roads.
On the one hand, the company maintains a more active pace of asset buy-over and acquisition of high-quality targets than its counterparts, and its own established road output is younger than its peers, and is therefore expected to contribute significantly to the growth of performance; on the other hand, on road production, on the business side of the chain, on the company's intelligent transport and transportation technology business, with a larger industry.
In addition, the company’s cash flow was stable and focused on shareholder returns, with a cash score of over 53% in 2024, looking at the value of the company’s absolute revenue allocation. Double, 11.9 times, 11.3 times.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. is expected to continue its high-scoring weight and maintain its “buy-in” rating.
In Beijing, in Beijing, in the West Side, in the Golden House No. 127 A, Wumenxi Street, risk factors: extended acquisitions are not as expected; traffic flows are not increasing as expected; road rate policy waves \triangleright \triangleright
In the major areas of transport such as transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, several provinces submitted external assessments. In 2023, they joined the Sunda industry, mainly for aviation, airports, etc. In 2024, they joined the Sunda industry, mainly for couriers, logistics, roads, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.