Thirty-sixty (601360): Political and business security is growing rapidly, and the second engine of growth is starting.
The net profit is 48,87 per cent lower; the net profit from deduction is $497 million, a decrease of 46.30 per cent. The company’s corporate security and service providers are the first initiatives for free Internet security.
The company is mainly engaged in research and development of Internet security technologies and has a stable income of the Internet plate, with a large user group as the cornerstone of its operations.
In the industry, companies face shocks such as 360 security guards, 360 mobile security guards, 360 security online advertising and budget cuts, increased competition, but company pc safety products.
Market penetration rate is 97.60 per cent, with an average of more than 479 million active users per month, secure markets, a broad user base for network products, and Internet providers.
Industry and value-added services, smart hardware, etc., will rise to hundreds of millions; the average number of active monthly users of mobile safety products amounts to 550 million, with large user groups setting a higher threshold for corporate performance, despite corporate advertising revenue pressure.
The core security capabilities accumulated by the stated business are applied to companies that maintain monthly activity at the top of the market, have limited scope for decline, and have a steady long-term income support in areas such as security, digital cities, etc.
With limited future growth in Internet sector operations, the Department is actively expanding the second growth curve. Political and business security is the focus of the transformation at the end of the company, with companies achieving $912 million in revenues from their security operations in the first half of the year, an increase of 322.45% over the previous three years.
73% of the company's security operations include several local safety brain, terminal safety, and safety operations and services, with the “360 safe brain” at its core as the framework for a new generation of cybersecurity capabilities, located in Chongqing, Tianjin, Qingdao, crane walls, Suzhou, and Chengzhou. In 2021, the company government was established.
The number of new orders for the section grew by 484 per cent over the year, the number of clients grew by 500 per cent over the year, and more than 20 government agencies and large corporations have been successful in contracting, with companies building up on brand advantages and deep industries and increasing hand orders, and the performance of the portfolio is expected to increase.
Bus-based car-networked security lanes, which invest in the pilot car industry. There is a significant trend towards car trilogy, and new circulation-b/h units (millions of shares) new site terminals should also focus on new security issues, and car-connected security is the security that accompany car-connection.
All New Tracks. Thirty-six are the first security companies in the field of deep-farm vehicle network security. The company has its first car safety research team in the country, team 360sky-go, and is currently involved in more than 30 ICA network safety standards, leading the development of the first Chinese-led international vehicle network safety standard.
The report shows that the company’s other non-current assets have increased to 1.5 billion, with the increase being mainly in the amount of 3600 car investments. The strategic investment in this car is to be based on smart network car safety, building on its own accumulation and experience in areas such as network security, smart hardware security, car network security, etc.
The company’s profit forecasts and investment ratings: the company’s Internet operations have limited space to decline and are expected to remain stable ...
A new growth point in the development of secure business and car networks for the expansion of government, but companies have been affected in the short term by reduced Internet advertising expenditures on the one hand, and significant growth in operating expansion costs and performance pressures on the other, 3600 (601360): rapid growth in business security and second engine of growth on the other.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Three hundred and sixty (601360): The security of government and industry has grown rapidly, and the second engine of growth has been activated by Wang Kenhui Calculating, Information Networking, Medical Informatization, Industrial Software, Ia Big Data, Smart Nets, Visual Industries, Material Network 5g Applications, Finance
The research assistant provides an overview of his research views. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.