New energy cars are growing and the new product cycle is expected to continue.
The fall in performance was reduced by a quarter, with revenue from automobile operations growing by 34 per cent a year and the company ' s total operating income of 18q4 amounted to $41,073 million, an increase of 28.43 per cent a year, an increase of $7,607,700 million a year, an increase of 34.23 per cent, with new energy sources.
Car revenue was $52,422 million, an increase of 34.21 per cent; mobile phones, photovoltaics and downstream markets were depressed, leading the global new energy car sales champion, and the new product cycle was expected to continue.
Revenue structure (2018) The new generation of Dondm, the new generation of Song, the new generation of Qinpro, etc., has successfully rebounded in sales, bringing the annual number of cars to 52.07 million. The new generation of Dondm, the new generation of Song, the new generation of Qin.
The dm and the e5 and the dollarev and the other pure electric vehicles are the best-selling new-energy models, with 24.7 million new-energy vehicles sold throughout the year, a more than one-fold increase over the 110,000 in 17 years, a near 20 per cent share in the domestic market for new-energy vehicles and a four-year-long global connection.
New-energy car sales champions. This year, the company will launch a new generation of Wonev, a new generation of Donev's stock over the last six months, compared to the Songmaxdm model of 300 deep, and the new product cycle is expected to continue.
The igbt technology broke the overseas technology monopoly by actively developing and developing the sicomsfet industry since 2005 and is now the country’s first vehicle company to achieve a large-scale production of igbt. The company released the igbt 4.0 technology at the end of 18th year, together with market owners.
The flow of igbt is 15% higher, combined loss is 20% lower, and temperature life is more than 10 times higher. Meanwhile, the company sets up the third generation of semiconductor material sic development sicmofet, and the next electric vehicle under the flag will gradually ride on sic power control, with the whole vehicle performing.
Increased by 10% from the current level. Igbt is the core component of an electric vehicle-driven system, accounting for about 5% of the total cost of the car, but 90% of it is monopolized by foreign manufacturers such as British fliers, Siemens, Mitsubishi, companies breaking the overseas technology monopoly in the field of Igbt, and the release of Igbt 4.0 marks even more.
The company's competitiveness in the area of new energy vehicles has increased further, and the main focus of seating operations has been to promote the external supply of power cells.
The company will continue to open up its supply system and will establish a joint venture with Fogia to strip off the seat, promote the external sale of power batteries, expand customers such as East Wind, and sign a strategic cooperation agreement with the Chang-Ann vehicle, which will jointly establish a battery plant with an annual output of 10 gwh to supply Chang-Aun.
Power cells. According to the Power Batteries Application Branch, 18 years of the company ' s new energy automobile battery installed at 11.43gwh, with a market share of 20.1%, is the second largest in the country. Power cell outlet will effectively contribute to corporate power cell business development.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.