New energy vehicles are in a state of disarray, and the Dynasty+e Network guarantees future growth: the company published a May sale fast, with a total of 33.39 million vehicles sold in May, compared to the previous year.
Of these, 219,000 vehicles were sold in May, an increase of 53.77 per cent over the previous five months, while 1,191 million vehicles were sold cumulatively, an increase of 106.64 per cent over the previous five months, and the total number of motor and energy batteries installed in May was 1.312gwh.
The power of the new energy vehicle has continued. The Dynasty +e network pulled a two-track follow-up sale. In May, the company sold 219,000 new energy vehicles, of which 153,000 were sold in pure electric vehicles, an increase of 193.73 per cent over the previous five months, and a cumulative increase of 769 million during the previous five months.
375.22 per cent, continuing the strong growth of the company's pure-trailer model; plugged-in hybrid power; 0.56 million vehicles sold in May, with a cumulative sales of 3.8 million vehicles in the previous five months, a slight decline of 2.09 per cent over the same period; the company's new energy vehicle, dominated by the “Dynasty” series, was widely available to consumers.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) is recognized. In addition, the company launched a series of multi-dynamy retransfer vehicles from March to May.
The new two-track strategy of the "Dynasty" series and the "e-Net" series of mini-cars e1, e2 and small suvs2 products, with a 12-month maximum/minimum sum, has been one step towards refining the "Dynamy" series and the "e-Net" series of strategic planning.
It is hoped that the "Dynasty" model will be upgraded to continue to meet low demand consumption with the "e-net" and that the Bialdi (002594) "Creating high-end brands, strategic players, taking advantage of the mini-car market" will further boost the steady growth in subsequent sales.
The external supply of batteries is promising and the capacity to climb is opening up a new round of growth. The domestic market is increasingly demanding high-quality automobiles, power cells, companies are accumulating deep power in the battery sector, battery loads have remained stable in the country for a long time, and new power cars for their own batteries are recognized in the market.
With a better reputation, the market outlook is long overdue. The company has signed a Battery Cooperation Agreement with Chang-Ang in 2018, and will be producing power cells at a joint venture in Chongqing District, and the company has been working with North Gas and East Wind.
These two vehicles supply power cells, whose share in the domestic market was more than 20 per cent in 2018, a total of 1.312gwh of the company ' s power cells and storage batteries in May 2019, a climb of the company ' s power cell production capacity, and an expansion of the company ' s out-of-cell supply business.
The new energy vehicle, the “Mathel effect,” has increased, and hard power has gained a sense of strength. As the new energy truck subsidies slide back, those with insufficient technology and capital will be phased out of the market, and new energy will become available.
Source car market polarization and the “Mathic effect” are expected to intensify further, and companies have been leading the domestic market since this year in new energy sales. Companies have long been fully active in new energy fields, with mature and reliable battery, electric power, control, etc. core products.
Research and development (R & D) and capacity to produce. The company’s combined power in the field of new energy vehicles, technology research and development, and industry’s chain layout are among the highest in the country, with hard power, which is expected to further strengthen the company’s leading position in the field of new energy vehicles.
Investment proposals: the company, as a leader in the new energy vehicle sector, has a long history of good markets, monuments and technology accumulated, the whole industry chain layout is perfected, and the extension of product line layouts began in 2019.
Three hundred and fifty million yuan, and the company's preponderance in the area of new energy vehicles is expected to continue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.