Peace Bank (000001.sz): Other non-interests. 22nd April 2024.
On April 19th, the Bank of Peace published a report for the first quarter of 2024, which enabled 1q24 to be collected and pre-positioned.
Merit-based banks are dualized. Integrated finance is a corporate niche, with companies relying on a large personal customer base, strong revenue collection expectations, and counter-bullying profits are increasing.
(a) The brand influence, wide distribution networks and well-developed aggregate income ends: net interest income, continued pressure, self-investment in other non-interest income performance.
The leading intelligent retail banks provide a powerful nuclear power, with safe bank receipts equal to 14 per cent in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 5.6 pct over 2023; the main drag is the impact of the plant, with the wealth management fee of $1,074 million, a decrease of 54 per cent in the same year.3 Other net non-interest income.
Gains and losses on promised value changes of $1,572 million, 28 times higher than in the same year; investment gains of $4,202 million, compared to the same year
At the end of March, the balance of Sake’s bank loans was reduced by 1.1 pct at a slower rate than at the end of the 23-year period.
Of this amount, $155.9 billion was added to public loans and $996 million was reduced (credit cards, consumer loans, operating loan balances were lower than at the beginning of the year).
1q24 loans and interest-bearing asset returns have fallen by 14bp, 10bp, respectively. At the end of the liability: deposit cost rigidity has not improved significantly, and 1q24 deposits have remained interest-paying.
The personal rate of interest on deposits falls by 1 bp, reflecting the interest-reducing dividend or gradual release. The interest rate on public deposits rises by 3 bp, with the interest rate on public time deposits rise by 11 bp, or is associated with continued high foreign currency market interest rates.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is gradually released; the spread continues to hold, but the risk-adjusted returns are expected to remain stable. ▪ The quality of assets is generally stable and there are fluctuations in the quality of public real estate, consumer loans, operating loans, etc.
0.61, the criteria for negative determinations are strict. The net rate of creation of non-performing loans after write-off is measured at 2.78 per cent, and the ring ratio rises by 0.31 pct. From a breakdown of the quality of loan assets: 1 pair of public: at the end of the quarter, the default rate for general enterprise loans was 0.78 per cent.
This represents an increase of 4bp from the end of the 23 years. Of these, a negative rate of 1.18 per cent on loans to public real estate is 32bp from the end of the 23 years.2 Retail: 1.41 per cent per loan at the end of the first quarter and 4bp from the end of the 23 years.
Under the current economic pressure, retail credit, high-yield loans, are still under adverse stress, but are expected to be generally manageable under companies’ initiative to adjust risk preferences and optimize their structures.
Investment proposal: We expect a small increase in the size of the bank loan in 2024, with a narrow balance of interest, but a narrow decline; a smooth recovery in non-interest income, which is expected to remain under pressure. But considering the overall stability in asset quality and adequate provision, net profits are expected to be smooth with sustainable support for real economy claims
The market net rate is 0.46 times higher, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
Figure 2: The performance of the Bank of Peace 2023 and 1q24 split.
Figure 6: A decline of 16 pct to 261.7 per cent in the cap 1q24 coverage ratio `, qpgd, qpgqp, qp, qp, qp, qp, qp, table 1: Indicators related to wealth management in the bank
The East's financial and intellectual sources, the East's financial and intellectual sources, the Peace Bank (000001.sz): other bright spots, the provision of money for counter-feeding profits are increasing — a review in the first quarter of 2024.
The University of Cambridge, England, Master of Finance and Economics. Years of experience in banking, analysis of gold securities, sea-ton securities, skywind securities.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Bank of Peace (000001.sz): The rest of the time, the money for anti-breeding profits is rising - the one-quarter review in 2024 does not guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points and conclusions in the paper are clear.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.