Refrigerant average price up, 18-year weather period, electrostatic sub-chemical operational release, mega-equity
As of December 5, 2017, R22 Zhejiang region market price (high end) is $15,500.
R134a Zhejiang region market price is 27,000 yuan per ton, with an average value of 26,697 yuan from October to date.
1. The overall rise in the price of the fluorinated industrial chain, particularly refrigerants, is a major factor in the improvement of corporate performance The positive effects of the deepening structural reforms on the supply side and improved downstream demand, the up-to-down rise in the price of the fluorinated industrial products: raw materials, hydrofluorocarbons, methanol, benzene, vcm
Total equity/flowa shares (million shares) and fluorescents together account for 85 per cent of the company ' s raw material cost, with the average price of the first three quarters of 2017 being, respectively, the circulationb/h shares (millions)
In the previous three quarters, the average price of the company’s main product, refrigerants, increased by 32.4 per cent to $17630 tons and $24,000 per ton on a year-on-year basis, and the company fully benefited as a domestic leader with a capacity of 100,000 tons (57,000 tons), 40,000 tons, 60,000 tons and 22,000 tons, respectively.
A high degree of integration can be countered to rising prices of raw materials.2 In 2018, refrigerant prices remained optimistic. Refrigerant demand was high in one quarter, air-conditioning companies were ready for supply, production and procurement during one quarter of the year.
The increase in demand for agents, coupled with the historical high of the refrigerant market in 2011, is a source of financial growth in the East, and it is now expected that the five-year cycle of 2017 will come, with prices rising irrationally, middlemen.
1 Quarterly Review of Megashares (002341), 3 Quarterly: Fluorinated Fly as a hoard. Then, when the bubble burst, the middleman threw it, the price fell rapidly, the stock went up, the value of the industrial product chain increased, the refrigerant q4 went up again.
It's more thorough, and brokers and manufacturers are more cautious in their mindsets, so the suppression factor of the stockpile is about to disappear in 18 years.
2. " Magnificent shares (600160) assessment report: supply diversities " (600160): increase in average refrigerant prices, 18-year weather period, waiting for e-chemical operations to release air-conditioning refrigerants. In terms of air-conditioning refrigerants, the increase in real estate sales this year, although at a peak, is still positive, and air-conditioning production is a commercial house sale.
In the post-cycle period, the acceleration peak is approximately one year behind, and next year ' s new house delivery and renovation will drive demand for air-conditioning refrigerants; in the case of vehicle refrigerants, it is expected that developed countries will follow up with import quotas to drive the preparation of refrigerants; on the supply side, emissions of fluorinated ionine by-product acid from production in the refrigeration sector remain a priority for monitoring the environmental sector.
In addition, small-scale acid-cleaning plants in various regions of the country absorbing by-products have been affected by, inter alia, the under-utilization of waste acids; downstream by-product absorbers have stopped working, modified and constrained the start of refrigerants; while the production quota of R22 in 2018 has not yet been introduced, the trend towards a reduction of the quota has not changed, and the concentration of the industry has been further increased through the introduction of the purchase quota.
3. The company fosters new profitable growth points in the field of e-chemicals The company is the first country in Zhejiang Kai and Zhejiang Bori to industrialization production of e-hydrofluoride and is the only company in the country that fills a gap in the country and replaces imported pt-grade hydrofluoric acid, and is also the home country.
Ten thousand tons of electro-grade hydrochloric acid, 10,000 tons of electro-grade sulphuric acid, 0.6 million tons of electro-grade nitrate and 0.5 million tons of corrosion engraved fumes. The first phase of the Borre electric high-purity electronic gas project (which produced 0.1 million tons of high pure chlorinated hydrogen per year, 500 tons of high-purity chlorine gas and 0.1 million tons of pharmaceutical-grade chlorinated hydrogen per year) has been put into production and is currently in the process of product certification and market expansion.
RMB, ring ratio + 40.2%, expected to increase revenues in high-end markets as product grade increases and markets expand further. Better demand, high environmental stress, and cost-driven refrigerant prices are expected to remain strong, companies are well equipped as domestic refrigerant pipelines, rising profit-sharing prices, and new projects are expected to result in additional high-performance barriers of 235,000 tonnes of fluorinated new materials, Hfp50 million, and 100,000 tonnes of high-performance blockage materials.
The company is the leading fluorinated industry in the country and the refrigerant leader.
The company, which is a leader in the domestic fluorinated industry, has a leading domestic fluorinated industry, a combined fluorinated industrial manufacturing base for chlor-alkali industries, concentrated in the Länder, Ningpo and Lang Creek, forming a complete fluorinated industrial chain consisting of basic raw materials, fluorinated refrigerants, organic fluorinators, fluorinated polymers, fine chemicals, electronic chemicals, etc.
Refrigerant: The company ' s fluorine is a domestic front brand. Second generation HFC-based r22 is second in the country; third generation HFC-based refrigerants (including r125, r134a, r32, etc.) are global leaders, of which r134a scale and start-up are global leaders; blended small packagings are the first in Asia to have a refrigerant market;
Companies are the only ones in the country that use their own technology to industrialize fourth-generation fluorinated refrigerants. With the introduction of projects such as r245 (phase I) and new fluorinated refrigerant technologies, the firm’s all-round leadership in the fluorinated refrigerant industry has been further consolidated.
In the case of fluoropolymers: the company ' s lfp product is in the lead in the industry, and the production of the fep, ptfe, is in the forefront in the country in terms of capacity. With the implementation of projects such as 23.5 kt/a new fluoromaterials (phase II), 10kt/apvdf (phase I), the company ' s fluoropolymers will further expand to new varieties, new uses, high end competition, etc.
In the case of chlor-alkali products, the company has restructured chlor-alkali products and phased out the production of 100,000 tons of membrane per year, 230,000 tons of pvc production devices and electro-stone vcm devices, optimized 460,000 tons of membrane burning units, methane chlorination units, and developed large-scale chlor-alkali products such as pce, tce, vdc, pvdc, etc.
The transition from a basic chlor-alkali industry to a fluorinated industry compatible with new chlor-alkali materials dominated by pvdc - petrochemical products: company-based products in the petrochemical industry are mainly cyclohexone products, with an existing capacity of 150,000 tonnes/year, 140,000 tonnes/year of cyclohexone and 380,000 tonnes/year of ammonium sulfide.
E-chemicals: The company is the only company in the country to industrialization the production of e-hydrofluoric acid in Zhejiang Kei and Zhejiang Bori, respectively, in wet electronics and electronics, and is the only company in the country that fills a gap in the country and replaces imported pt-hydrofluoric acid, as well as in the country.
Enterprises with the largest, most varied and most specified level hydrofluoric acids are currently producing 0.6 million tons of hydrofluoric acid, 0.5 million tons of ammonium per stage, 0.30 tons of electron hydrochloride, 10,000 tons of sulphuric acid, 0.6 million tons of nitrate and 0.5 million tons of oxidized etching fluids.
Production of 0.1 million tons of high-purity hydrogen chloride, 500 tons of high-purity chlorine gas and 0.1 million tons of pharmaceutical-grade hydrogen chloride) has been put into production and is currently in the process of product certification and market expansion.
2. Refrigerant price center rises for improved profitability and subsequent prices remain to be seen
The company, as a domestic leader, has a capacity of 100,000 tons, 40,000 tons, 60,000 tons and 22,000 tons, respectively, and the upstream package has increased the prices of full benefits.
Quarterly revenues of $10.23 billion, or +36.03 per cent, achieved a net return to the mother of $808 million, or +104 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $282 million, or +1187 per cent, or 17.6 per cent, were realized in the third quarter alone.
(b) On the supply side: environmental stress was unprecedented this year, with poorly equipped small producers being constrained to work in waste-acid shrubs and without water.
Hydrofluoric acid (HFC) is under stress from environmentally friendly sources, refrigerant companies are forced to fall, and it is expected that environmental stress will continue at a later stage, and supply and demand patterns will continue to improve. Cost aspects: favourable impacts, such as deeper structural changes on the supply side and improved downstream demand, fluorinated industry up and down
The price of industrial goods rose on a full-scale basis, with hydrofluorinated hydrogen, methanol, benzene, vcm and fluorescents together accounting for 85 per cent of the company's raw materials cost, with average prices rising by 27.4 per cent, 22.9 per cent, 17.4 per cent and 9.4 per cent respectively in the first three quarters of 2017.
Figure 4: 18.5 per cent increase in domestic air-conditioning production in the period up to October 2017: 13.7 per cent increase in domestic household refrigerator production in the period up to October 2017
Specific analysis of the sharp rise and fall in refrigerant prices this year, for example, r22: cost: r22 is mainly for waterless hydrofluoric acids and trichloromethane. At the beginning of the year, ahf was affected by environmental inspections, with more parking at the plant, lower overall supply levels, tight spot supply in some areas, plus raw flints.
In the face of difficulties in procurement and inadequate supply, market prices are rising at a higher cost, driven by raw materials and higher costs; in the second quarter, prices fell sharply to higher prices, while the cost of r22 collapsed and prices began to fall; and in the third quarter, environmental, local gas and installation routine inspections became non-existent.
The main factors contributing to the decline in the start-up of hydrofluoric acid units, combined with the partial cut-off in the transport of dangerous chemicals during the eleventh period, and the continued impact on the supply of hydrofluoric acid in October of the nineteenth largest conference, which was held to stifling the start of refrigerant industries, with production falling again in October and market prices rising again.
Demand side: During the quarter of the year, air-conditioning companies prepared, produced, and demand for refrigerants increased, together with an historical high in the refrigerant market in 2011, which had been expected to arrive in 2017 in a five-year cycle, with prices rising irrationally, and broker businesses hoarding.
The price drops rapidly when the middleman throws the goods. But, due to environmental pressures, it is difficult for businesses to get started, and the cost of raw materials is supported, and the r22 price is still above the profit level. The demand for the 2018 season is a source of financial prosperity in the East.
The price of refrigerants in 2018 is optimistic: AC refrigerants for demand: the increase in real estate sales this year, although at a peak, is still positive. And air-conditioning production is a post-marketing cycle, with a peak of about one year behind, with new houses delivered next year and more.
Import quotas in developed countries abroad are introduced in r134a, and it is expected that stocks will be replenished significantly in 2018. With regard to stocks, the rapid increase in prices in the first half of the year was followed by a sharp fall in demand, mainly during the season, in addition to the stock cycle.
As a result of the rapid price decline caused by the fact that the manufacturer went to the stock and the distributors contributed to it. The price recovery started in September, driven mainly by the cost of raw materials represented by hydrofluoric acid, and the current stock is low, with little pressure on the price increase.
Small-scale acid-cleaning plants in all regions of the country that absorb by-products are the focus of monitoring by the environmental sector, affected by the underutilization of waste acids, the suspension and restructuring of downstream by-products absorbers, constraints on refrigerants, the start of work, taking into account such factors as the scarcity of raw materials and insufficient by-product absorption capacity in downstream by-products, and the next year ' s by-product acid shrub.
Risks remain; the latest production quota for 2018 r22 has not yet been introduced, but the reduction trend in the quota remains unchanged, new refrigerant use will increase, national supply-side reforms will continue, and three generations of refrigerant will continue to lag behind in their production phase-out.
The source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the mega-stock (600160): the average price of refrigerants moved up, the 18-year boom, waiting for e-chemicals to be released.
The company is the second largest refrigerant manufacturer in the country, with a capacity of 100,000 tonnes, with 57,000 tonnes of the 270,000 tonnes quota; the world’s largest third-generation refrigerant manufacturer, r134a, 380,000 tonnes of global capacity, 120,000 tonnes of foreign capacity, etc.
The company currently has more than 50,000 tons of R125 capacity. The total capacity of tfe is approximately 220,000 tons. R32 has more than 200,000 tons of total domestic capacity and the company has 22 million tons of capacity. R22 of these is largely non-productive, is tending to trade its own quotas, the industry’s leading preference is to buy quotas for small businesses, and concentration continues to rise, largely in the oligopoly pattern, with two leaders pricing it.
3. The company fosters new profitable growth points in the field of e-chemicals The company provides wet e-chemicals and e-temperatures in electronics via fully-owned Zhejiang Kei and Zhejiang Bori, respectively. Zhejiang Kei ' s first home country industrializes the production of e-grade hydrofluoric acid and is the only home country to fill.
Blank, import-substitution enterprises with HPt-grade hydrofluoric acid are also among the largest in-country electronic-grade hydrofluoric acids, tons, 30,000 tons of electron-grade hydrochloric acid, 10,000 tons of electron-grade sulphuric acid, 0.6 million tons of electron nitrate and buffer oxygen etching fluids, 0.5 million tons of engraved engraved fluids, with downstream customers being the main chip manufacturers, and the electron-grade sulphuric acid being the most used wet power.
Subchemicals, but the company has not yet released sulphate on a large scale. Phase I of the Borret electronic high-purity electronic gas project (which produces 0.1 million tons of high-purity hydrogen, 500 tons of high-purity chlorine gas and 0.1 million tons of pharmaceutical-grade hydrogen chloride) has been put into production and is currently awaiting the issuance of a production licence, which is in the process of product certification,
The second phase consists mainly of 200 tons of high-purity electronic-grade carbon dioxide, 150 tons of high-purity electricity, a bottle of high-purity electronic-grade mixed gas, 2,000 tons of high-purity trifluoride nitrogen and 50 tons of high-purity hexafluoride production assembly.
By comparison with +40.2%, revenue from higher-end markets is expected to be higher as product grade increases and markets expand. Together, corporate equity prices are now relatively marginal. Total fund-raising is close to 3.2 billion yuan. For participating investors, megagroups subscribe to 22.2%, natural persons.
Yuan Zhimin (head of the blonde technology board) subscribes to 40%, Zhejiang Salt Holdings Ltd. (Zejiang Salt Industries Group, East Financial and Spills) Giant Shares (600160): Refrigerant Average Price Moves, 18 Years Windtime, Waiting for E-Chemical Business Releases