On December 05, 2020, an in-depth foundational study of the virus built a whole industry chain: a company with complete antigens, resistance.
The development and production of bioactive materials such as body, enzyme, can produce high-quality, highly specific ivd and vaccine products.
The back end process is built, tested, and industrialized by the listed company Vantaa. Gene engineering driver: 2-priced Hpv vaccine (comfort) is on the market at the end of 2019, with not only excellent results (100% protection rate) but also higher than the same type of vaccine.
The company's three-pronged marketing activities in the adult vaccine market will provide its industry with a powerful technical advantage: 1. The unique macrocolonist expression system, which is not only low cost, but also efficient in its expression, can be used in the production of multivirus vaccines; and 2. A rich antigen decision is available.
Experience with discovery, expression, protein recombination and assembly to vlp; 3.vlp assembly synthesis technology with a very long spread, the platform can not only produce e-hepatitis, 2/9-priced hpv vaccines, but can also be used to produce 20-priced samples of various viruses and other viral vaccines (e.g. rotational)
With the technical advantages described above, Hpv’s 9-priced vaccine has been on the market for two to four years in the pipeline.
In the future, vaccines such as herpes virus vaccine, new rotational virus vaccine, and so on, could become the next heavy-pound species.  Chemical luminium plate would lead to a rapid growth of ivd operations: the company’s in-depth foundational research in the field of viruses would give it a very competitive edge in infectious disease detection, and the company of the future would ivd.
An important engine for plate growth comes from chemical luminates. As the load increases and chemical luminescence projects continue to be registered (e.g. oncology markers, hormone tests, etc.), it will lead to high-speed growth in public ivd plates. The amount of chemical reagent revenue is expected to reach by the end of 2024.
As growth is continuously validated, the company's valuation logic will be reinforced, with a reasonable valuation of the 2-priced Hpv vaccine of the Vantae (50 timespe) and a reasonable valuation of the ivd plate of 29.9 billion (45 timespe), with a combined reasonable market value of $134.9 billion, covering the first time for the "buyer"
The owner of the Vantaa Biological Holdings Company Limited, with 56.98 per cent shareholding, is the real owner of the bell.
It is an investment company focused on the great health sector and is directed towards drinking water, health care and healthy foods, biopharmaceuticals, cultivation, etc., and its controlled enterprises and products include drinking water and beverages (farmers' springs), diagnostics and vaccines (Mantai), health products (sangmen's medicine industry) and healthy foods, cosmetics, planting and real estate.
The company’s core operations are mainly located in Beijing and Xiamen, where, as of 2020h1, the company had 2100 employees, of whom 453 were research and development staff. Xiamen has focused on the development, production and sale of genetic engineering vaccines, and in 2012 it was founded with 95% share in the Academy, 3% share in Qiu, 1% share in Li Weimin, 1% share in Li Sha Yan, 2008
The chemistry business in the ivd plate was set up at the Xiamen, with Van Tahrir, Jumico. Beijing Vantaa is primarily responsible for traditional ivd technology platforms such as life-mitigation vaccines, stickers, and enzymes avoidance, with Van Tedery, Conchistan, Té and Tai.
With a nuclear expression platform, viral particle assembly technology and multiple antibodies screening platform, the company has the full capacity to develop and produce bioactive materials such as antigens, antibodies, enzymes, to produce high-quality, high-specific ivd and vaccine products, and to develop a whole industry chain layout capability that provides sufficient assurance that the company will carry out innovative diagnostic reagents.
The success of Vantaa is dependent on a smooth transformation of production studies, with the company's front-end research being given the title of two national laboratories (National Center for Diagnostic Reagents and Vaccine Engineering, Moleculars, Xiamen University) with the teaching of Xia Ning Yu at Xiamen University.
The National Priority Laboratory for Vaccines and Molecular Diagnostics completes basic viral-related research (e.g. virus structure, infection mechanisms, dominant antigen decisions) and laboratory tests of related technologies, with back-end processes being built, tested and industrialized by the listed company Vantai.
The agreement currently being implemented by the University of Mantae and Xiamen, which was signed in 2011 under the agreement on cooperation in research for the “Joint Laboratory for Prophylactic Drugs at Xiamen University” for the period from 2011 to 2021, is considered to be highly definitive and will not affect the subsequent transformation of the company's products and technologies.
The University is primarily responsible for research and development of diagnostic reagents and vaccines, building key technological platforms for innovative research and transformation of results at the source, and industrializing the corresponding research results. The patents for the results are held jointly by Xiamen University and Vantaa.
In addition to funding for basic research, which is to be provided annually to the joint laboratory by the Congregation, the Vantaa and the Vantaa, respectively; in accordance with the type of R & D project, the Congregation and the Vantaa will be paid to Xiamen University on 31 January of the following year (1 per cent of the annual sales) in each year, in addition to basic research funding.
Vantai paid 3185, 1686, 1602 thousand dollars in agreement costs to Xiamen University, respectively.
The annual transfer of biopharmaceuticals, such as soluble viral drugs, hepatitis B therapeutic drugs, to the feeding industry, recognized in 2018 $134 million in the proceeds of asset disposal. The high growth in company performance in 2014-2016 was mainly due to high enzyme elimination, biochemicals, and rubber gold (containing quality control).
Rapid growth. In 2017, the company won a public bidding order for the iv fast-test test product from the Drug Fund and Supply Authority (phyrmaceutils fundandsupplyagency, pfsa) of the Ministry of Health of Ethiopia. The failure to continue winning the bid in 2018 resulted in a significant decline in the sale of the fast-diagnostic reagents of rubber gold, which affected the revenue growth rate.
By 2019, the company’s income had been mainly from ivd plates, with 40% of ivd income coming from testing of infectious diseases, oncological markers, and macterium & hormones accounting for about 30% each. We believe that in the next three years, the company’s income constituted a medium vaccine.
The share of plate size and chemical light will increase significantly, with the growth of ivd plate sizes largely driven by the growth of new chemical emitters (e.g., oncology, hormones, etc.) and a significant increase in the volume of chemical luminometers. Corporate overall Māori rates remain above 70%, overall net interest rates in 2019 were 17.8%, and sales gross in 2020q1-q3
The sale of new diagnostic reagents, both internal and external, as well as the sale of a 2-priced Hpv vaccine, is lower because of the sub-product line, where the chemical luminometer is not marketed for more than four years; the ivd Mäori rate has been maintained at around 77% and at a higher level in the industry; the hepatitis e vaccine is small and the Mäori rate is currently at 75%.
The company spends about 15% of its income annually on R & D, with R & D investments of over R & D billion in the last three years, both in the case of epidemic seedlings and in the case of vd, where R & D inputs are relatively high. Marketing rates are relatively stable, with a slight increase in the q1-q3 sales rate in 2020 compared to the same period last year, to 28.06%.
2. Potential leaders in the field of domestically produced Hpv vaccines 2.1.1. Genetically engineered vaccine technology platforms have global leadership.
The company’s 2-priced Hpv vaccine (16/18) was launched in 2003, submitted to the market in November 2017, approved at the end of December 2019 (global 2nd-price cervical cancer vaccine), and the commodity was called “Funny”. For the 16, 18-type Hpv virus, the comfort rate was 100%.
There is no case of pre-cancer cin2. Cin. Cin is 9 to 45 years old, of which 9 to 14 years of age require only 2 doses, equivalent to $329 per needle (priced at 5.7 per cent of gsk2 x hpv, gsk2 x 1082 per cent difference between cervarix and Cincidence); the age for the import of 4-price hpv is 20 to 45 years of age (798 yuan).
Note: The price in the figure below includes a 25-dollar fee for vaccination services. Figure 8: Results of clinical trials for Hpv vaccine ii 2 for 10,000 Thais
Figure 9: Comparison of the Hpv vaccine rate of 2/4/9. The company's technical advantages in the Hpv vaccine series are reflected in the following four points:
The original nuclear expression system is produced with global patents, the technology platform is universal and extended, and low cost, high output, and high value for money are significant advantages.
Insect cells separate from them vlp at a higher cost. Except for the Vantaa and the Beijing Conservative, the rest of the country uses yeast expression systems. In addition to the expression patent, Van Tai has a pure hpvl1 protein sequence of l1 protein in the country, 9 species of hpv short, hpv1l2 coated protein.
A patent for interacting sites and applications; a patent for the series of l1 protein-amino acids (licence valid until 2028-2033) of nine types of hpv cut off overseas; extensive experience with recombination of antigen protein expression and assembly of vlp. The traditional yeast expression is a true nuance.
Cells, equipped with protein translations, can form a three- and four-tier structure of proteins, so that the l1 protein can be self-assembled as a virus sample particle (vlp).
It can be assembled as vlp. The company has accumulated a wealth of experience with these technologies, such as the first Hepatitis E vaccine, the 2-priced Hpv vaccine, and the 9-priced Hpv vaccine under study, the gene engineering recombinant rotavirus seedlings, all of which are evidence of the firm’s deep accumulation and leadership in these technologies.
Not only has the patent barriers been bypassed by msd/gsk, but the “blue-for-Blue” has produced a higher-priced and safer Hpv series of vaccines. Figure 10: Global patent distribution of Hpv vaccines by msd and gsk
3.vlp synthesis technology has a strong extension. Vantai's technology system is not only capable of producing a 2/9-priced Hpv vaccine, but can also be used to produce 20-priced samples of various viruses (with global patents) and other types of virus vaccine. Vlp structures are essential for spherical and non-film virus vaccine development.
Hpvlp, for example, can only induce non-medium and l1 antibodies; the expression of l1 protein alone is not capable of stinging the antibodies; the expression of l1 and l2 proteins creates abnormal particles; even if wild strains of viruses differ from mutated strains with an amino acid, they can affect the self-assembly efficiency of the l1 protein.
The techniques used to express antigen decision boxes using mutated or missing coliforms and to assemble vlp in vitro recombination, thus allowing manual intervention in the formation of a group consisting of three types of hpv virus l1 proteins, a mixture of seven vlps to achieve a 20-price hpv vaccine, and because of the antigens contained in it
The dose is significantly reduced, and therefore safety is greatly improved. The traditional way of producing a 20-priced hpv vaccine requires the preparation and mixing of 20 different types of vlp, not only at high cost, but also at potential safety risks due to increased antigen doses (higher incidence of adverse effects).
Figure 11: Hpvvlp in vitro synthesis (upper) and Hpv virus natural synthesis (down) 4. Top global genetic engineering vaccine technology, endorsed by foreign technical cooperation.a In September 2019, Vantai Bios signed an agreement with gsk to develop a new Hpv vaccine, with gsk paying 134 million euros to Vantai
Cost of meta-milestones (paid in eight phases, excluding future sales, gsk pays Gsk 7% of the net sales of vaccines occurring within the country and region of gsk ' s sale to the Wantai Sea every quarter after the vaccine has been marketed) and gsk will provide saagent technology. The first milestone is Euro11 million.
The release of the anti-prescription materials for the production of vaccines for clinical concept testing confirmed the income. The new Hpv vaccine developed in collaboration with the gsk is expected to be available five to seven years later.b In July 2020, the Vantaa Bioauthority Sanofibasd conducted the new rotavirus vaccine (primarily for pre-emptive use).
The amount of the transaction involved is: (1) an advance and a milestone amount of $68 million, including $10 million and a milestone payment of $58 million; (2) a commercialized visual sale of the product.
Of this amount, $10 million was paid for the prepaid licence, $10 million was paid for the first commercial sale in the United States ($10 million) and $10 million was paid for the first commercial sale in the European Union (US$10 million).
Figure 12: Milestone payment plan agreed by Vantaa and gsk 2.1.2. Creative adult vaccine marketing model for domestic industry leadership Policy context: Healthy China Initiative, jointly developed in September 2019 by 10 sectors such as the National Commission on Health and Health
The Programme for the Implementation of Cancer Control (2019-2022) (hereinafter referred to as the Healthy China Programme of Action) clearly states: “Promotion of vaccinations, enhancement of the scientific dissemination of vaccinations against human papillomavirus (Hpv) and promotion of vaccinations for people of appropriate age.
By means of centralized procurement, the Hpv vaccine supply company will be encouraged to make a reasonable price and explore a variety of ways to guarantee poor areas, and it will be preferable to position itself as a “one-timer than one-timer; full custody of the daughter and the mother”. According to the view of the Xiamen City Maternal and Child Protection Institute and the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences Oncology Hospital, there is no need to wait blindly for a “high-priced vaccine”, the existing Hpv vaccine.
For those already infected with hpv, the pursuit of high-priced vaccines may, in turn, cause infection due to waiting periods and miss out on the best chance of vaccination. And in China, 84.5% of cervical cancers are induced by the 16th, 18th type of virus, while the 9th price protection rate is 90%, so there is no big difference between the 2nd and 9th price of vaccines.
In December, the global goal for the elimination of cervical cancer was proposed, the key measure being vaccination against cervical cancer among girls aged 9-14 and raising the rate to more than 90%. Our Comprehensive Cervical Cancer Prevention Guide recommends that the best possible way to immunize cervical cancer is for girls aged 13-15.
The sooner the vaccination against cervical cancer is promoted, the better for girls aged 9-14, who are among the most recommended groups, and for mothers, figure 13: Marketing location of the 2-priced Hpv vaccine by the Vantaa & poster The three-pronged adult vaccine marketing model has established the status of a national Hpv vaccine leader:
With its marketing experience in the field of fast eating and health products, the Van Tae is expected to build strong market leadership in the field of adult vaccines. The Department has formed marketing teams with professional backgrounds in medicine, marketing, market services, etc., and has established 15 districts throughout the country.
Regional marketing and management, and the establishment of functional services such as market promotion, business support, medical support, logistics distribution, mainly for promoters, teachers and students in primary and secondary schools, and doctors in the CDCs, through the policy context of the Healthy China Action Programme, through the education sector, women ' s union institutions, public security
Through this kind of useful education, some students have voluntarily gone to the CDC clinic to receive a twice-priced Hpv vaccine at the expense of their parents.
When a student makes an appointment for a 2-price hpv vaccine at a CD clinic, the company initiates a local needle-linking ceremony, which is promoted through micro-publics, television, newspapers, display boards, electronic screens, etc.
The quality and high-value ratio of Hpv vaccines produced in the country. Moreover, for doctors like CDCs, the spread of cozy expertise, branding, etc., is done by a marketing team and a cooperative promoter of the Department’s own, in the form of professional training, Sharon’s activities, etc.
The bidding process and the filling of tenders in the foreign provinces were also carried out in conjunction with the promoters.
Fig. 15: The first needle launch ceremony in Rhodes, Pilgrim City, Figure 16: The Hpv vaccine in Vantaa is not only original and leading in technology, marketing, but also a 9-price Hpv vaccine.
The fastest progress is in the country, where the lead competitors are expected to be on the market for two to four years. For clinical trials of the Hpv vaccine, the incidence of adverse effects within 30 days of the general I clinical observation vaccine; the antibody drop-down and safety during the seventh month of the first dose of the ii clinical observation; and the effect of the ii clinical observation mainly on the prevention of precancer pathologies (cin2) 5 to 5.5 years after the vaccination.
According to the current approved policy, only a low-priced Hpv vaccine can be approved as the clinical end of the ii clinical trial with a sustained infection rate, saving a clinical cycle of two to three years. With the exception of Mantai, the country is now on the market for the low-price Hpv vaccine, only Watson, which is expected to be marketed in q4 in 2021.
To the extent that even the 9-priced hpv vaccine of the Shanghai Bozos and the Beijing Conservatives has entered the iii phase of clinical trials, neither has been declared or approved for listing, so that the iii period of clinical endpoints to prevent precancer pathologies (cin2), at the current rate, will have to be put on the market at least in 2027.
3. Vaccines are rich in pipelines, with some varieties with global technical leadership, classified into bacterial and virus-type vaccines; vaccine research and development is divided into upstream pathogens and downstream production processes, particularly for virus-type vaccines.
Research is critical, and the increasing reliance on genetic engineering for viral vaccines avoids the risks and costs of traditional processes of detoxification or extinction and increases production and costs. According to Xiamen University's National Center for Infectious Disease Diagnosis Reagents and Epidemiology Engineering, National Focused Laboratory for Molecular Vaccines and Molecular Diagnostics, Vantae Organisms are using viral vaccines.
The field has a deep and leading upstream pathogen base study, along with a full set of experienced macrointestinal processes in downstream processes. The global leadership of the company’s viral vaccine has gained the same brand, the endorsement and collaboration of vaccine companies such as Seinofibasd, gsk, the Hpv vaccine series, the water pox-band herpes virus.
Vaccines, new rotavirus vaccines, multi-priced intestinal virus vaccines, and rsv extinction vaccines have a significant competitive advantage. Hepatitis E vaccine: a vaccine was created in 1998, a clinical application was submitted in 2003, a clinical trial of 100,000 people was completed in Jiangsu in 2007-2009, and the vaccine was marketed in 2012 (the only global).
The first vaccine that was born from the XT platform proves the company's technical viability (the original nucleus expression system + virus particle assembly technology). The value of the platform is that some of the pathogens (e.g., the new crown virus) that cannot be cultivated can be industrialized with genetic engineering routes to avoid the spread of the virus.
There is a risk that the seedlings will become infectious and unstable. Hepatitis vaccine has global patents, is certified and recommended for whopq, is being internationalized, with sales in the United States of about $20 million a year of clinical activity, and is expected to exceed $100 million in subsequent sales.
Declared production, marketed in 2022. The drug reduction vaccine was produced in a 40-storey cell plant, with low-cost and efficient preparation. Vzv-7d hydroctopus vaccine: v-oka pox vaccine re-activated, causing safety risks with herpes, and vzv-7d hydroctopus detoxification vaccine was the first global detoxification.
The new vaccine, orf7, has a core patent technology to remove key toxic genes through reverse genetic techniques, so that the virus does not infect the skin tissue and neurocells of the upper skin of a human, and is safer from the zillion without causing herpes.
ii. Clinical phase, expected to be on the market in 2025. Genetic engineering rotavirus vaccine: a life-mitigation vaccine separate from msd and gsk, the company ' s new rotavirus vaccine is a genetic engineering vaccine, which has already achieved a double composition of vp2 and vp6 proteins.
In vitro assembly of layers of vlp, which is currently in the pre-clinical research phase. In July 2020, a technical authorization was granted to Sénofie to receive a milestone fee totalling RMB 440 million and a net sale of 1 to 2%.
The Vantaa has been developed to insert new coronal virus gene fragments into the flu virus, making a living virus vector vaccine. Distinguishing dry muscle injections, which are inoculated by nose spray, via mucous cells in the nasal cavity, which induces protective t-cell responses.
The vaccine is currently in its bed stage and is expected to enter clinical stage ii during the year. b. covid-19xwg03 is a candidate for vaccine: in order to reorganize the protein vaccine (silent slate), gsk will provide Xiamenvantai with a vaccine against the epidemic.
Other: In addition to the above-mentioned vaccines, the combination of multi-priced intestinal virus vaccine (the country ' s Kozac virus vaccine is 16, while the incidence of 10 and 6 is rising), the universal influenza virus vaccine, herpes-carriage vaccine, respiratory resonance
The twin virus (rsv) extinction vaccine, hepatitis B therapeutic vaccine (b-cell-based nested virus particle disease 4.ivd plate, with infectious disease detection at its core, is constantly expanding to other areas. 4.1.1. The largest ICD enterprise in the country
The company ' s in vitro diagnostic reagent (ivd), which covers tests of infectious diseases, metabolics, infections, thyroids, etc., has become one of the most abundant types of products in the industry. Specific products are the chemical light, enzyme immunisation, rubber gold, biochemicals, and nucleic acids.
Microparticles, other vd raw materials, such as antigens, are self-sufficient. With the depth and leadership of the company’s research on the basis of the virus base, 40% of the company’s income from the company’s vd business comes from infectious disease detection, oncological markers, and the meth & hormone test, each of which accounts for about 30%.
Over 30 per cent (the industry ranked first) in all three years, nearly eleven points higher than the second Cohua Biological City. iv Test: in 1999, the company made a breakthrough in synthesizing hev high-activity antigens and achieved three- and four-generation hiv detection techniques, which are the main diagnostic reagent production bases for AIDS in Asia and the Pacific.
There are: the first global hev reagent box for rapid detection through urine (glute gold, third generation); the third generation (double antigen pivot) hev anti-medical test box; the fourth generation antigen anti-medical test box (with antigens and antibodies): the iv antibodies tape confirms reagents: highly sensitive hiv viral load reagents, etc.
Since 1999, the company has taken the lead in the development of a wide range of hev diagnostic reagents, bringing the quality of nationally produced hev diagnostics to an international lead level, with the hev series of diagnostic reagents ranked first in the multi-year market (37 per cent in Van Tai City and 17 per cent in the second place, according to the company's caliber).
Hepatitis detection: Hepatitis E, Hepatitis A, Hepatitis B, and albinos 6 are the first nationally produced luminous product series; the company's Hepatitis B core antibody Quantification test is a unique domestic test target for Hepatitis B treatment drug guidance, which is included in the APA Hepatitis B guidelines.
Hbv Core Antibody Testing, Hep C Double Anti-Hepatitis Legal Quantities Test (IPS, capable of predicting treatment return efficiently before treatment is administered); Hepatitis D chemical phototest; Hepatitis E sero-diagnostic reagents, etc. Root, according to the company's caliber, the company has more than 37% of the approved screening in Hepatitis B and the municipal screening rate in Hepatitis B.
Close to 30% (the city's highest rate, over 26% in Cohua, the second highest). Tuberculosis detection: nodule infection t-cell detection (quantitative detection of levels of peri-blood individual nuclear cells releasing gamma-disruptives in combination with a branch of bacterium specific antigen irritation) used to identify diagnostics, lung out-tuberculosis, latent properties
In addition to this, the company also has a meth spiral antibody diagnostic reagent (IUD) and a meth meth meth-methamphetamine non-heating.
Diagnosis reagents for sero-testing. Figure 21: The first global "Aichi" via the urinary rapid detection hev reagent box developed by Vantae. Figure 22: The Vantae biosterase exemption series reagent menu.
Chemical luminescent plates are the engine of rapid growth in the company's ivd business over the next few years The first fully automated chemical luminescence machine (caris 200) was launched in 2016 with the Daesaw Electronics Corporation, using a direct ester luminous route, and the second generation fully automated luminometer (wan200+) was launched in 2020.
With modular design, a flexible combination of 1-4 instruments (200 t/h per module flux, four on-line to 800 t/h) can be connected to the current water line and provide continuous online loading of samples with a fast 15-min output. As of 2019, close to 470 chemical luminometers were sold at the bottom of the company (with a single machine output of $600,000), with level III hospitals accounting for the country ' s passengers.
45% of households. The company’s chemical luminous platform has obtained more than 120 diagnostic reagent product registrations, especially for the advantage of infectious disease detection projects, which are also product-based at the chemical luminous platform, as well as the layout of reagent products in the fields of thyroid, hormones, oncology markers, etc.
Figure 23: Vantaa Biochemistry luminous Reagents menu. The sale of new coronary diagnostic reagents drives the domestic load of chemical luminometers. The company’s new coronary diagnostic reagents are divided into two major categories, with the main domestic sale of anti-test kits based on chemical luminous platforms, and the main overseas sale of nucleic acids,
Adopted through the Emergency Approval of the FDA in March of that year as the world's first approved new C.O.T. test, using a dual antigen puncture method to detect new C.O.V. in blood samples (including various antibodies such as gm, gg and iga) and to provide methodological assurance that reagents are more sensitive and specific, and with the introduction of the reagent box into the hospital.
The rapid growth of the company’s ivd plates will be greatly driven by increased loads and continued registration of chemical luminous projects. In 2020, benefiting from the epidemic, the company’s chemical luminometers increased significantly, with a projected annual load of 700, with a cumulative load of more than 1,100 at the end of the year, with an additional 300-400 installed each year.
1184 million, of which traditional vd (enzymes, biochemistry, etc.) earned 908 million, and chemical luminous operations earned 25: Vantaa bioivd plates are working on 5. Profit Forecast & Valuation Ratings
5.1.1.2 The price of hpv vaccine spatial measurements and valuations of companies, 5.54 million and 9.56 million bulk issuances, respectively, total market size of 10.2 billion yuan. By the end of 2019, the cumulative number of vaccinations was expected to be 7.18 million (based on China) and the corresponding market penetration rate was close to 2 per cent (based on China).
Demographic Yearbook, which currently stands at 366 million women aged 9-45, with actual penetration expected to be less than 2 per cent due to differences between the number of batches issued and the actual number of vaccinations; the United States, Australia and Europe for inclusion of the Hpv vaccine in the plan exceeded 75 per cent; we expect medical treatment.
Educational and product outreach, and the penetration rate of Hpv vaccines in the country among the population in stock (366 million women aged 9-45) is expected to increase from 2 per cent in the 12-year period from 2018 to 2029, with the marketing and distribution of domestically produced vaccines, the Hpv vaccine penetration rate among the population in stock is expected to increase from 2 per cent in the medium term.
The price of the 2-priced Hpv vaccine in 2027 could be reduced to $80 per year for the domestic Hpv vaccine, and $366-44 billion in the corresponding market space. For the incremental market, it is mainly for newborns to promote young girls to the age-appropriate population.
There are 7.5 million newborns, corresponding to 187.5 million vaccines. The Hpv vaccine penetration in the incremental market is assumed and the annual contribution increases are shown in the table below. Until around 2029, the annual contribution increases will be stable at 112.5-13.13 million units (equivalent to 60-70% penetration), and the base demand for the entire Hpv vaccine market will be determined by that addition.
For the valuation of the company ' s Hpv vaccine, we measure it in two ways: 1. Similar to the business rotation and valuation logic of the innovative drug line, the 2-price Hpv vaccine is in a high-growth period between 2020-2026, the 9-priced Hpv vaccine will be marketed after 2024, and the water pox-band herpes will be on the market after 2024.
New and highly competitive vaccines, such as virus vaccines, gene-restructuring rotavirus vaccines, are expected to be on the market. Based on the theoretical 30 million Hpv vaccines currently produced at the company’s 2-priced Hpv vaccine, happy sales will peak in 2026, corresponding to 17 million annual sales (accumulatively around 120 million) and corresponding annualized revenues of 5.6 billion and annualized per annum.
A profit of $2.1 billion, with a market value of $10.5 billion, based on industry comparable corporate valuation levels. It should be noted that the model discount rate of 4 per cent is derived from the average of Wacc values for the Heng Swe pharmaceutical, Chinese biopharmaceutical, Beida pharmaceutical industry; the two-priced Hpv vaccine in the npv model assumes a stable growth rate after peaking.
3%, taking into account the possibility that the market penetration rate will further increase the expansion of production capacity. Discussion of the two valuation methods: the two valuation methods yielded very different valuation results, but the npv model considered only the value of the 2-priced hpv vaccine, and did not treat the 9-priced Hpv vaccine, the apox-with herpes virus vaccine, and the X-ray virus vaccine.
The first valuation model is more similar to that of an innovative pharmaceutical company, and if the value given to 15 timespe is similar to that of a npv model, the 15 timespe simply does not reflect the elasticity of the future of the new strains in the vaccine line.
The company ' s valuation level and the size of the Vantaa ' s profits in 2022, which we consider to be reasonable, were chosen as the first valuation method. 5.1.2.ivd plate valuation
With the benefit of a new coronary epidemic in 2020, the chemical luminometer can be installed at 700 units a year, with an additional 300-400 installed annually, with over 2,500 installed at the end of 2024, calculated at $350,000 per unit output, and a combined income of ivd plates at the end of 2024, amounting to $2.29 billion, corresponding to a net profit of $665 million, based on industry-comparable companies.
On the basis of the valuation analysis of the above-mentioned business plates, and taking into account the performance projections for the next three years, we believe that the company's growth over the last three years has been more certain and that, as the company's growth is continuously validated, the company's valuation logic will be strengthened.
One billion (45 times more), with a reasonable market value of $134.9 billion, and as the company's performance and logic continue to be validated, there is a company that, as a driver of genetic engineering techniques based on viral research, has produced vd and two fast seedlings of vaccines, as well as highly competitive new diseases, such as a vaccine for a pox-trapped herpes and a vaccine for a gene recombinant rotavirus.
Hmong was expected to be the leader of the adult vaccine market, both in terms of R & D progress and marketing, with a 2-price hpv undercovering, with insufficient bulk issuance of Hpv in 2021 leading to limited market supply or increased market competition for the 2-price hpv vaccine of the Watson creature in 2022, resulting in an under-sale Hpv vaccine in Vantaa.
It is expected that in developing the risk of failure of the vaccine pipeline, the company is developing vaccines, most of which are innovative globally, and that some vaccines are not yet in the human clinical trial phase, which may result in a failure of research and development due to adverse reactions or inefficiency; vd block competition, which exacerbates the risk that Vantai, as a participant in the vd plate, needs to face the power of the new industry, the Antobi, the Murray Medical, etc.
There is a risk that sales may fall short of expectations in competition between rivals and small firms in other regions; and that the extension of the cooperation agreement with Xiagen will fall short of market expectations.