The main industry has a solid and quiet agenda for content-driven advertising — the Mango supermedia incident assessment report — the Mango supermedia published three-quarters of 2023: the first three quarters of 2023.
zhuzhu@cfsc.com.cn 3-quarter corporate revenues of $3.707 billion (a 0.5 per cent decline over the same period), return to parent profits 5.6 per cent increase to parent profits in the third quarter of 2023
At the same time, the net cash flow of the first three quarters reached $1,075 million and the cash flow improved.
But from the report, the growth rate of corporate advertising revenue has been reduced, members' income has been stable, there has been a significant increase, which has led to a high growth in the company's total revenue in the first quarter of the month; the rate of growth has come from advertising and membership, etc., and the core is tied to the supply of quality content, season three.
The ip series of the company's Trinity 3th season has been relatively stable, and the film stage, which was launched on July 29, 2023, has also achieved better results; membership and advertising income are the performance of results.
1 Mango SuperMechanism (300413): Intramedia deep development of solid basic exploration and quality content supply, company will host a double 11-deep interactive night in November 2023.
The Chamber of Commerce and the Chamber of Commerce will wait until 2024, when the content of the product becomes new.2 Mango Supermix (300413): while technology, such as the company's building blocks, is actively opening up new explorations in 2023.
How can the media grow again? 2023-05-059.7 million yuan.
This will make it possible for Goldhawk's high-quality programmes for young children to reach more users and help improve the company's content map. Mangotv International applies for enhanced strategic external cooperation to expand its outreach abroad.
Mangotv International app actively promoted the updating of the version, globalization, regionalization, and the use of the multi-cultural brand to get China out of the sea, April 2023.
Mangotv worked with Viet Nam cable television to authorize the first season of "Sisters on Wind Waves" model, which will be on line by the end of October 2023. Mangotv and Lao National Television, among other things, strengthened the framework.
To cooperate in areas such as content authorization and translation, cross-border power suppliers, joint ventures, building regional international communication centres in South-East Asia; strategic cooperation and outreach to expand the South-East Asian market to build a new matrix to promote Chinese fine content and Chinese culture.
Business is expected to continue to repair the build-up of mainstream media to market abroad, and to practise a culture of tourism, thereby maintaining a “buy-in” rating of investment. New business explores less risks than expected, and gold eagle cartoons fail to perform as expected.
Adventures, lack of scrutiny of film and video productions, potential risks associated with artist ' s own factors, under-reach risks, brain drain risks, under-achievement of gold eagle cartoons, risk of macroeconomic fluctuations.
The new consumer group of the media introduced the following: Bachelor of Science, Master of Finance, with experience in the field of business, the Association of Chinese Securities Research Institutes in November 2021, covering, inter alia, Internet sections of media games.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.