Mango tv & Quick Play Support Program, focusing on the layout of Mango Quick Play 17 December 2023: Mango tv & Quake Quick Play Support Program
On December 14th, Mangotv co-signed a conference and signing ceremony in Beijing under the theme of "Standing the Wind." Both parties announced that they would follow up with video creation, brand marketing, and so on.
Both sides used the short play as an incision to explore a new space for long video cooperation \triangleright \, and signed a cooperation agreement, with a focus on the "fine play" support program for the next three years.
Chen Liang Cong, each will be surrounded by a new wind, a new youth, a new life, a new profession, new technologies, a new human being, a new village, a new race, a new race, a new race, a new race,
In the future, the two sides will work together to produce a mini-drama. At the launch of the cooperation agreement, the two sides will focus on the “Friendly Shorter Support Project” and the future.
The three-quarterly edition of Mango Supermax (300413.sz) 2023 was organized around ten major themes, with industry stimulating the development and production of high-quality short dramas.
In addition, the two sides report on the depth of Mango supermedia (300413.sz): Core Three will continue to collaborate on creative marketing or video solicitation in the promotion of new dramas in the future.
In recent years, as short video traffic has grown, short video marketing has taken up the share of advertising's main budget. The number of users who currently spend more than 20 minutes per day watching video and entertainment on a shivering platform is already over 100 million per day.
Video content shows up to 10 billion dollars, and shivering becomes an important platform for the development of dramas. Long video platforms work more together, short dramas become more refined, long video and short video platforms work more closely together. For short video platforms, stronger copyright regulation is essential.
All right. Wives, fast hands, and b stations have made several public copyright protection moves in the second half of 2021, and the next video shows to see the tort video and the tort account of the tort film. Short video and long video platforms work together to create content collaborations, shakes and cool, and eccentric. For long video platforms, short videos are good traffic announcements.
The platform is expected to push for further breakthroughs in short video content. Moreover, it is possible to create a long-tailing effect on products that are falling behind in heat, and can be re-exploited through two creations, and with the rapid growth of the short drama market, the refinement of content has become a trend.
The publication of the "Advanced Support for Precision " , a guide to the further strengthening of the network 's micro-fiche management and the implementation of work related to the creation and upgrading programme, also highlights the trend towards the refinement of the content of short dramas as a result of the entry of traditional video companies into the industry.
Investment proposals: As companies continue to develop sophisticated short plays, as well as major advertising and membership growth, \triangleright investigates methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.