23q3 performance maintained robustness, acquisition of gold eagle cartoons rich matrix, mango supermoderation report (300413).
26 October 2023 The company issued its third quarter performance report for 2023, which generated $10,196 million (Yoy-0.42 per cent) in the first three quarters; a net profit to the mother of $1,766 million (Yoy+5.21 per cent); and a non-return to the mother.
(yoy+135.06%). q3 Q3 harvests 3,507 million yuan (Yoy-0.50%); Quests, dramas, sustained and steady activity, exploring new patterns of cross-border fertilization. 1) In the case of Quixir, according to hundreds of times, Cyn Generations "Five Seasons of the Secret Room " , 2023 by wind, Three Seasons of the Shredder " ,
The concept of the Yuan cosmopolitan reboots the 2023 Quest 2023 network mix of 2023q3 to play top10, while opening up a new model of cross-border reproduction, with the launch of the Great Song Bureau of Investigation and of the Life of the Legion: Seven Eids, based on the First Part of the Secrecy.
With the launch of the "Acquisitor's Training Camp" film-observation variety, the post-sale-multicultural model can be continued 23h1 performances are expected, and the expansion of membership is expected to bring about 11 new dramas in year q3, a reduction in comparison, but the market is talking about "I'm hot."
The number of live performances increased by 48 to 2.8 billion times in the same year, and the gold eagle cartoons were to be acquired, and the content of the rich company content matrix was to be aired 40 to 1.8 billion times in the same year.
On October 24, the company completed its possession of Mango Media Ltd., a company-owned shareholder.
The Hunan Golden Eagle Cartoon Media Co. Ltd.'s 100% equity acquisition will help build on the Golden Eagle card, the high-quality cartoonip resource-rich corporate content matrix, consolidate the youth user base, expand the product market, and the Golden Eagle Cartoon programme supply can rely on Mango tv's “one screen” over the next.
The license plate, the full end-cover advantage, has expanded the user base to reach a wider audience. This Xia Qingqing is also an important step in the development of media integration in Mango super-media, making it more valuable.
The lead media-wide dissemination of ecology stimulates more industrial dynamism and dynamism and strengthens core competitiveness.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: combine the performance of companies in the first three quarters and consider acquisition risk factors: policy regulatory uncertainty, slow growth in membership, underperformance of content, under-exploitation of new business, brain drain, etc.