\triangleright October 26, 2023
Advertising: Growth with economic recovery and content production \triangleright 23 years of a slow recovery in consumer markets and advertising.
Chen Liang Cong is cautious, but the company's advertising business remains tenacious. q3 priority products, such as "Standing the Third Season" , are well-known for the art, including gold, orchard, frozen lemon tea, Samsung, or alloyen, Dev, or the Happy Gate.
More than a dozen brands, such as Lear, Benz, Emma, McDonald. Looking ahead, with the continued roll-out of the hybrids and the production of the drama, the budget of the advertising owner rising with the macroeconomic recovery, the space for growth of the advertising business is expected to open.
Membership: The number of members is growing dramatically, and since there is still room for the number of users of mangotv, the focus is now on increasing the number of members. Current membership channels are expanding to achieve better results. 1) With regard to China ' s mobile cooperation, the company and China ' s mobile cooperation have been piloted in Hunan Province.
In addition, on July 16, the company and the Chinese mobile company launched Mangoca, a national launch to further expand the number of university students. 2) Ali, in cooperation with the Maunggotv, a new member of the Bounty Cat 88vip, officially agreed to cooperate on August 3 with the Bounty Cat.
For the first time, 88vip collaborated with Ali's extra-ecological video platform. We believe that the "high-value, female, age-lightened" labels are used by the group of users, and that there is less overlap between the members. This collaboration is expected to bring more users to Mangotv.
In terms of content, q3 aggregates are now visible, and there is a lot of work to be done in the future.
As of the end of October 23, the third season of Swordbone had a accumulated 5 billion. The following products are called "Singings Liver, Hong Kong Music Season 2, Flowers and Young People 5. " q3 " My People Fireworks " and "Song Youth Hobbies 2 " , respectively, tops the July 2023 cat-eye TV hot list and September 2023 cat-eyes.
The company has been working with such companies as Watsai, Sunny at noon, Xiaoqiao, Xiaoqiao and Xiaoqiao to provide a comprehensive picture of the city, the family, the ancient dress, and the suspense. The short-term proposal is to focus on the q4 content of the Chamber of Commerce's products, and the long-term recommendation is to focus on the development of the theatre's capacity.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.