Mongo Super-Memorial (300413.sz) 03 performances are up and up, attention is paid to membership and advertising performance, the media, the digital media.
q3 Performances Upward. 1) The company disclosed 23 years of 3-quarter reporting, the first three quarters of which realized operating income of 10,196 million yuan, net profit return to the mother of 1,615 million yuan, an increase of -0.42%, 5.21%, corresponding to zhangheng2@guosen.com.cnchennyorong@guosen.com.cn
Members and operators are expected to continue to perform better. 1) Members of high quality ips such as the Business Achievement Camp for Corporate Members in the first half of the year, specializing in comprehensive entertainment, and participating in live programming.
Specialized interests, increasing membership in newer, more sticky users and longer-cycle users; and continuing to expand the 52-week maximum/lowest price channel: Mangoca, which has reached over one million new users, Mangoca, which is a national distribution,
The advertising industry is expected to continue to be under considerable pressure in the short term. 1) In the first half of the year, the advertising industry has achieved an improvement in its business performance; 2) since q3 there have been relatively few top-to-line art content, mainly in "Breaking the Lover", "Video 2023" and "Big Detective 8", with macro-environmental impacts.
In the short term, the advertising industry is still under considerable pressure; 3) The future is accompanied by a macroeconomic recovery, with companies building on a stable, solid overall artistic advantage, enhanced marketing effectiveness and arithmetic optimization through the supplemental series, and the prospect of opening up the advertising industry, Mango Supermix (300413.sz) - A strong content advantage, a marginal improvement in advertising.
1) q3 shows continue to show a leading role in the third season; My People's Pyrotechnics, Mango Supermixes (300413.sz) - There's a good stock of polymagnetic content, and advertising is expected to hit the bottom.
In the same period, the Young Song is ranked first in the concentration of heat; 2) aigc video has been developed, Mango SuperMemor (300413.sz) - looking at the company's 2023 stock of polymechanical content, in the form of automatic stripping technology, which significantly improves the efficiency of content production using virtual reality ledxr technology.
Mango Super-Mechanism (300413.sz) - Advertisement, with a slight improvement in membership, and the performance of the multi-articial content.
On-line, we have a full-stop chat hall, with millions of live users, introducing artificial ai products, connecting the Great Aggregator with feature ip content, introducing the role of the Song Youths 2 , creating a 'ai social system', and testing the waterai chat pay scene.
Content and platform operating advantages and the aigc age growth potential, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. q3 has been relatively small in content on-line since then, with the main features of "Away Lover 3, Wind 2023, and Big Detective 8" and, given the macro-environmental impact, advertising is still under considerable pressure in the short term;
3. The future will be accompanied by a macroeconomic recovery in which the company relies on a strong and stable mix of arts, with enhanced marketing and arithmetic excellence. Members and operators are expected to continue to perform well. 1) Business gains from corporate members in the first half of the year.
The special interests of members, such as the year's grande debut, the exclusive use of comprehensive art, the participation in the live recording of programmes, and the promotion of members to newer, more sticky users and longer-cycle users; and the continuous expansion of channels such as Mangoca, which has reached millions of new users, Mangoca, which is a national launch, and Mangotv, which is officially negotiated with the Treasure Sky Cat.
Cooperation, etc.; q3 member operations are expected to remain at a better level, driven by content and operational outreach activities; 2) Operator operations are expected to continue to grow at a higher level: 1.389 billion yuan in operating income, equal growth in the first half of the year, good performance in content and strong mastery of q3.
The author assured that the data used in the report were from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, and by reasoned judgment and conclusion, he was able to make a sound conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author