The Mongo Supermix (300413) report shows a steady increase in performance, the acquisition of Golden Eagle Cartoon Deepening Content Strategy, the Mongo Supermistress (300413) three-quarterly review 2023.
Business income performance is robust, profits are keeping up the growth momentum. In the third quarter alone, the company achieved a business income of $3.507 billion, a slight decline of 0.50 per cent; and a continuous content consolidation strategy, the acquisition of gold eagle cartoons for business synergy.
In terms of advertising, the company's efforts to promote Mango super-media, such as Wind 2023, the Year of the Living Treasure, and the Mango Phenomenal show, which attracts and expands the number of top-level brand clients in a number of priority industries.
The company, based on quality ip, provides its members with exclusive services, co-exists with China's mobile cooperation to launch Mangoca, Mangotv works with the Bounty Sky Cat, 88vip adds Mangotv to its membership's annual card rights.
On the off-provincial level of operations, in collaboration with the operator's strategy, the expansion of sub-provincial operations has been strengthened, the scope has been deepened, and attention has been given to the follow-up application end-catalyzing 2023.10.17 Operations nationwide.
On the front-line technology layout, companies actively tried to use the al-Specific Research - Mango Supermix (300413) for the second half of 2023, which was applied in the areas of mitigation efficiency, content production and user interaction.
The company has completed its business registration of the gold eagle's acquisition of cartoons, and the gold eagle's acquisition has become the company's full-time son-in-law.
The company is the only new media company with a state-owned owner in the stock market, based on the Tomango identity, to improve the organization of the company's operations in the area of content, strengthen the company's core competitiveness and enhance its profitability.
Ecology, with the Internet video platform operating at its core, is a collaborative development upstream and downstream. The company is expected to perform 2023 - content less than expected, new business development less than expected, macroeconomic volatility risk, and political authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on portfolio investment, with a diligent, professional attitude and objectivity.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.