Mango tv, in collaboration with the tremor, has a very fine short play, and the report of the review of Mango supermodules (300413), December 15, 2023.
On December 14th, the company co-opt and sign-off ceremony was held in Beijing. Both parties announced that they would move forward with the multi-faceted and deep collaboration of video, brand and brand marketing, taking full advantage of each other and constantly exploring more diverse and deeper forms of cooperation.
Cooperation to exploit the strengths of both sides, to tap into the value potential of short plays, and to provide renewed energy for the short-play industry. Mangotv signed a cooperation agreement with the shivering and focused on the launch of a special short-play support program, no.
Over the next three years, the two sides will focus on 10 themes: the new country, new youth, new life, new occupations, new technologies, new humanities, new rural areas, new competitions, new ecology and new health, with a view to stimulating the development and production of high-quality short dramas in the industry.
Complementarity, building on the company's rich video production experience, adding a large amount of video platforms with shivering head, tapping into the value potential of short plays, providing new dynamic energy to the short drama industry, as well as improving the contents of short plays, actively promoting their specialization, refinement and standardization, while promoting their longness and maturity.
The company has been able to achieve multiple development of its ip value by fine-tuning its contour. The company has maintained a robust performance since 2019, when it acquired gold eagle cartoon enrichment.
"The Great Mangang Plan" was officially launched, with a refined operational approach, and a short film on "Today Summer" was launched in early July 2022, following a long video theatre strategy, with 23h1 performances expected and membership expansion expected.
Distinguished into three main themes: national wind, mystery, healing, deep digging of fine delicacy content, capturing user breakdowns, and launching a 7-10 minute series of plume video app-big to buy gold eagle cartoons to enrich the corporate content matrix.
Manapp, turning the original content of a multiplicity of miniscule plays back into novels or audio plays, developing productive art, developing multi-ops, connecting to maximize the impact of the ip content, prompting companies to divide content into a microscene field, gradually forming a head advantage.
The company launched its first superstar mini-show, which provides access to mainstream communication channels and widens market potential. With the guidance and promotion of the relevant policies of the General Directorate of Electricity, the microscopic industry has gradually become more regulated and refined.
The company, thanks to its own network, promoted the first ten million-dollar miniature show of the Grand Mang Theatre, which was also the first to be shown on the national miniature show, which was s02700505001.
It opens up the mainstream channels of communication and explores new attempts at the production, operation, distribution and realization of the content of the miniscopic drama, among others, to broaden the market potential of fine miniscopic dramas and promote good market development.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Risk factors: Policy regulatory uncertainties, slow growth of membership, underperformance of content, new business expansion as expected, brain drain, etc. due to lack of clarity on the collaborative profitability model and specific future plans.