q3 Performance Rehabilitate, “Extending + Cooperation + Aigc” Drives Growth Mango SuperMechanism (300413.sz) 30/10/2023
• 2023q3 performance is continuously being repaired to see quality content as driving long-term growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of 3,507 million yuan (same-0.50 per cent) of corporate business income for 2023q3 and achieving a net return profit of 515 million, with improved profitability resulting mainly from cost-side optimization as a result of the increase. Considering the recovery of the overall advertising market,
Corporate quality content is driven by sustained growth in performance, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. • Efficiency reduction measures continue to fall, contributing to higher profitability. Business costs for 2023q3 fell by 1.33 to 2.205 billion per year, driving the same increase in the 2023q3 Māori ratio.
Quarterly development expenditure of $184 million, an increase of 80.74% over the previous year, was invested mainly in smart audiovisual projects and games, self-researching. We believe that corporate control is strong, and that efficiency reduction measures are expected to continue to generate profit elasticity.
The company acquired 100% of the gold eagle's stock in its own cash of $835 million, and since October 2023, the gold eagle has been included in the company's consolidated statements to further enhance the company's performance.
In three years, Sky Cat will join forces with Mangotv to create the 11-day surprise night. Two of them, "The Mandarin Trader has grown bright, and the one who gave the power to realize the benefits of 88vip members in August 2023, is expected to bring in more members for Mangotv.
In addition to the Accelerated Landing - Corporate Information Update report, the company ' s aigc application already has products such as interactive ai role chat systems, mango aigc plays, interactive novel selection platforms, and dialogue video clip retrieval technology to sustain technological innovation.
In our view, the company has developed its own quality content, based on the Mango Single Resource System's continuous export content growth - corporate information update report.
Accumulating the commercial space for aigc applications, adding them to a continuous stream. Aigc enabling creation, refined content, or driving continuous growth in the performance of the public sector - corporate updates