23q3 comment: Profit steady release, focusing on the November episode of the progress of the Chamber of Commerce: q3 shows a five-thousand-thousand reduction in the number of new shows, but the number of effective broadcasts has increased by the same amount.
18 more. Of these, 57 more in the Aki culture and 18 more in the same year; a comparison between company prices and the Heung-sung index; 32 more in the same year and 10 more in the same year; and 25 more in the video on the new national production.
5 fewer than 8; mangotv on the new 11; and cloud data show that 23q3 Aichi's full-enactment series shows an effective performance of 27.8 billion, corresponding to 2% down: 25.4 billion. 3% up from 3%.
The video was effectively aired by 15.3 billion people, down 11% from the same time, and the mangotv was effectively aired by 2.8 billion people, up 48% from the same time. Although there was a gap between the effective number of people playing and Eyotung, the mangotv increased significantly more than the competitive margins of other platforms and dramas.
• Multicultural side: q3 is the second most effective broadcaster in the industry and the first gap continues to narrow
According to cloud data, 23q3 out of a total of 75 new national production seasons (excluding derivatives, .. company rating: performance point for mass media of 23q3
In the same year, there were three more. In the same year, there were 27 new pieces in the Aichi arts, an increase in the same year.
Company Review: Akichi 23q3 Forwards: Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Acquisition of Golden Eagle's cartoons, Partnership in Game Tracks, Increased Value Added Services to Enhance Membership
1) Acquisition of 100% of Golden Eagle Cartoon: On 24 October, the company announced that 835 million yuan in equity transfers had been paid to Mango media to complete 100% of Golden Eagle Cartoon's corporate rating: Fast-W23q3 vision: Light
Equity acquisitions, which will be included in the company’s consolidated statements from October 2023. Quarterly gmv is still growing at a very high rate, and the company’s profitability is based in 2004 and is a young boy in the Hunan High Power flag.
• Corporate depth: middle-hand travel: distribution of games and games, production companies such as McNuggets and his friends, China's New Sound Generation, 23 full-link development, multi-faceted ip game ecology
At the same time, the company has worked with several parks to build a business model for stable parks. 2022 • Corporate depth: three or seven games: globalization.
Power is strong, excellent products are entering the harvest period with gold eagle cartoon revenues of $273 million and net profits of $46.99 million.2) Hand-to-hand trips with Guias ball, The Great Fae Simulator, got the number:
• Company Depth: Net Easy-s: Focus longboard, Foundation, where Mango Recreation Technology and the Guias ball's mobile game, The Fabulous Fairy Simulator, has the number of editions and, as of 27 October, taptap had a total of 736,000 appointments.
In January 2019, the Giaesian-developed Fascist Simulator came online, sold 200,000 copies by the spring of 2020, and in the following year and a half, full platform sales will increase user willingness to pay fees, taking into account that company q4 has a large amount of high quality content to be aired.
Sexual upscaling and improvement of the macro-level environment, and the need for advertising by advertisers will be restored, with local outbreaks affecting advertising owners' willingness to invest risk: loss of users as a result of member price increases; policy regulatory risk; new art, untimely on-line, or less than expected.
Internet companies, financial and industrial complexes, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives. The 2015 Crystalball 3rd and 2017 new laws use legally compliant information to produce the report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report come from open information on the market. I do not have any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change anything.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.