In the middle of the semiconductor, the mature process leads to benefits such as 5g, new energy cars, high demand for mature process markets, and global semiconductor production continues to be tight under trends such as benefits 5g, new energy vehicles, and access to goods.
Chang, driven by demand for products such as power semiconductors, power management chips, etc., has steadily increased the demand for maturity. The global market for maturers, based on ihs, is projected to be $43.1 billion, compared to 8% in the next five years.
Domestic surrogates, with a lower share in the global market, have a wider scope for growth. Total equity/flow (million shares)
The mature industrial chain, such as China Rough, New Clean Energy, Slanwe and others, began to raise the prices of substitute workers or products in a 12-month high/minimum supply setting, with the center core producing a dragon factory for a domestic crystal circle.
Business, the fourth largest market in the world and the first on the continent. Company mature markets are competitive, technological capabilities and productsasp are international leaders, and profitability have been steadily mentioned in recent years.
Since the second half of 2020, the demand for mature processes has grown rapidly, the supply of and demand for company capacity has declined, the trend is accelerating, and the company is expected to grow at a high rate in the future.
The company's valuation is currently low.
The data show that the current median value of the global mature crystal circle pb valuation is about 4-6 times, with the median n-mid core-688981-critical event rapid evaluation: the market value of the central core international pool is about 48.6 billion yuan, the corresponding value of pb is about 5 times the market value of h shares.
HK$ 23.7 billion, equivalent to about two times the pb, is currently undervalued by the h share, compared to the Middleheart International - 688981 - Dynamics Assessment: Blue Ribbon, Middle Global pb valuation, and the Central Harbour Unit uplifts space and has a better investment value.
• The semiconductor is in the middle, the beneficiary is in a high state, the company is in the middle of the domestic semiconductor, and once successful in marketing, it will take further advantage of the financing advantage, increase the capacity of mature production processes to meet the needs of a flourishing domestic market and further upgrade the market
The current global semiconductor landscape is characterized by a positive expansion of corporate capacity and high performance, with less than expected macroeconomic performance; disruption of upstream supply chains due to global political factors; and the development of the epidemic