Researchchand developmentcenter
1 klon megawi (300418.sz) covering the first report, Klonwanwi (300418.sz): A smooth transition to the "super-large model" of an artificial intelligence age.
In April 2023, Cullen Wanvi published his own model of the hundreds of billions of large languages.
; in August, the country's first one-stop search product, integrated into the technological capabilities of the large model, was launched; in September, in the test of the authoritative reasoning list, benchmarkgsm8k, the Great Skill model emerged at 80% of the correct rate, with a reasoning capacity close to gpt-4; and in the same month, the world's leading ai scholar took a look at the water.
On February 6, 2024, Cullen Vanwig updated the new moe model, "Store 2.0" and "Storeai"
Auxiliary, the country’s first one-time model of a multi-billion-grade argument language that carries moe architecture and is free of charge for all c-end users. On April 17, the Kullen Wanwi “Tech 3.0” base model and the “Techkymusic” music model were officially launched.
The Skywork 3-0 has 400 billion parameters, exceeding the 314-billion parameter, and is one of the current open-source moe models with the largest and most performance parameters of the global model.
More than 30% of the R/C/M capabilities have been raised, and multiple rounds of search and synthesis tools have been added, graphics, research models, models enhancement, and schematic expansion. Strong model technology has given "Techner 3.0" excellent performances. Many authoritative multimodel assessments have been made in mmbench, etc.
In August 2023, Cullen Wanway launched a national first-loading model.
This business is also a plate that the company is expected to invest heavily in in 2024 to generate graphic answers and provide audio answers that will help enhance user satisfaction.
In March, the number of visits was 143w, a 52% increase, and in the context of the market environment, we expect a steady growth in the company’s traditional business and a significant profit performance. In 2023, the company achieved operating income of $4.92 billion, an increase of 3.8%, and a net return of $1.26 billion to the mother, an increase of 9.15%.
Advertising, search, social networking - overseas, games, social networking - domestic reception, distribution, meta-cosmos, etc.
The platform has an open view; in 2023, the latest version of the pageraone browser was released, incorporating cindasecuritiesco., an ltd networkable ai and the corresponding modular design to further enhance user experience.
The product Starmaker has become a comprehensive music social software with a variety of online entertainment scenes, including k songs, voicerooms, live broadcasts, leisure games, etc., with a wide-ranging user base in Southeast Asia and South-East Asia.
In the Middle East, Europe, America, etc., there are a number of places. Arkgames: a global mobile game platform under the corporate flag that develops, distributes and operates as one, where old games like the Tower of the Holy Land continue to contribute to the flow of water.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company announced a draft restrictive equity incentive in March 2024, to motivate core technical staff to award $6,246 million of restricted shares to the target audience, which would represent a significant share of total equity, and to focus on the area of the ai, and the research and development costs are expected to increase further, with a net return to the company in the short term or on a temporary basis.
Risk factors: Industry policy risks, aigc development less than expected, model development less advanced than expected, and market diffusion less effective.
As a long-term development strategy, aigc has built up a matrix of i-large models, i-search, i-music, i-video, i-socialization, i-play, etc., around large models of the " Skywork" series, and the future development space under thin hair is to be expected. 1) The company is shifting, and the big model under the flag is to be repeated and explored. In April 2023, Kuala Lumpur issued a self-research package.
On February 6, 2024, Klon Wanway upgraded and released a new version of moe and a smart assistant for the large language model " Skywork 2.0 " , the country ' s first one to carry a moe structure and open free of charge to full-scale c-users. On April 17, Klon Wanway "Sunworker"
3.0. The base model was officially released, with 400 billion parameters, exceeding the 314 billion parameter, and is one of the current open-source moe models with the largest and strongest performance parameters of the global model. 2) An operational matrix of the ai is built around the large model of the "Store Work" series. It covers the ai search, the ai music, the ai video, the ai society.
In August 2023, Cullen Wanway launched a national first-loading model-based search product, "Sky-Ai-Survey", which is one of the company's 2024 slates that is expected to invest heavily, and whose functions are expected to continue to overlap; one music, "Sky-music" was released on April 17; and the al-Clubkoala game, which launched the alpha survey on April 18th.
In addition, the company has a positive layout in the direction of i-videos, i-socializations, etc., i-models and applications are expected to go into 3)) the company ' s traditional business continues to grow robustly, with significant profit performance. In addition, in March 2024, the company announced a restrictive draft of equity incentives to motivate the i-core technical staff to award $6,246 million in restricted shares to the incentive audience, approximately.
From page swims to aigc, Klonon Wanvi is on the way to the rise of a global Internet platform. Kronvanvi was created in 2008 to create a web-based R & D and a global distribution business, relying on web-based R & D experience.
After the business board, the company accelerated its business expansion by strategically investing in opra, grindr and recreational activities to capture opportunities in the fields of fintech, direct broadcasting, electric power providers, and binary dollars. In 2018, the growth radius of the company’s business expanded further, acquiring the Opra and launching a brand-new gameark.
The company's transformation has been followed by the strengthening of the Internet platform's corporate positioning, the acquisition of the stockholdings in 2020, the acquisition of the Stargroup in 2021, and the further promotion of the global Internet platform strategy to increase its global reach. In 2022, the Department of Public Affairs undertook a comprehensive roll-out of aigc technology and launched a research and development and open source project in a number of areas, and in 2023, Kronvanwi was in the ai field.
In 2024, the Department will continue to upgrade the large daily work model and continue to explore and develop more innovative applications, including version 3.0 of the Large Skillai Model, which dates back to 17 April and is the most powerful and dynamic open-source moe model of the current global model.
First, the search function of the one continues to improve; the one music called Skywork "skymusic" was released on April 17; and the one game "club koala" opened on April 18th. In addition, the company has a positive layout in the direction of the one video, the one social networking, etc., and it is expected that the one model will be updated further.
Conlon Wanway, China's leading Internet platform, now covers overseas information distribution and the Yuan Cosmos platform (opera), the Overseas Entertainment Social Platform (Stargroup), the Global Mobile Game Platform (arkgames), leisure.
According to the company’s annual report, as of August 2023, the company’s founder and second-largest shareholder, the company’s founder, and its co-operator, Afir Zhou, and its co-operator, had developed software for the new Yingheen century.
The Centre held 27.98% of the company’s shares, and made a three-year pledge in late 2023 not to lose existing or new shares. We believe that the company’s future equity structure is stable, contributing to a long-term and stable corporate strategy.
In 2022, the company achieved operating income of $4.74 billion, resulting in a net profit of $1.15 billion attributable to the shareholders of the listed company. In 2023, the company achieved operating income of $4.92 billion, an increase of 3.8 per cent, and a net profit of $1.26 billion attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, an increase of 9.15 per cent.
The company is the leading Internet platform in China, and its business continues to perform well, with advertising, search, social networking - overseas, games, social networking - country Focusing on the development of agi and aigc operations, expanding the moat and maintaining a core competitive advantage. In the future, the company will continue to do so.
Since 2021, the company ' s Māori ratio has recovered, and in 2022 and virtual prop payments, membership subscriptions, api calls, and customization development have taken place in a variety of commercial ways.
The operations of agi and aigc have flourished and have stabilized in the first echelons of our domestic counterparts, and the adept applications of ai search, ai music, ai video, ai socialization, ai games, etc. have landed in an orderly manner, opening up a second growth curve for companies.
In addition, in March 2024, the company announced a draft restrictive stock incentive to provide incentives to a core of i technical staff to award 6.246 million restricted shares, representing about 5140% of the total equity.
ii. Stargroup: Social platform 1 for music and entertainment overseas, pan-recreation sop process is perfect, and profit models have large-scale replication conditions. Startgroup is a well-known social and entertainment platform under the corporate umbrella. Since its launch in 2016, it has been on-line with k songs.
Dots, access to music socialization, and with the rapid updating of products, the Stargroup has now become a comprehensive music socialization software with a wide range of online entertainment scenes, including k songs, voicerooms, live broadcasts, leisure games, etc. The Star group has a wide-ranging user base in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Europe and the Americas.
In addition to the country’s universal k-songs, which can be imported with micro-trusted network effects, users can be retained, and the Stargroup has introduced a unique decentralised family community operating system to build strong social relationships.
The Stargroup team began to build a social chain of relationships in the name of the family, leading to a coherent division of labour among all communities, for example, in a hundreds of families, with the head of the family, the deputy head of the family, the assistant, the boss of the family, the god/god of the family, the new star of the family. Everyone has their own division of labour, the head of the family has management, the deputy head of the family assists the head of the family, and the assistant is responsible for propaganda.
The new users are trained if they make a contribution that can be rated as family stars. Each user can find his/her place and sense of existence in the family. Users can join different families, depending on their music preferences, geographical location, interests, etc., while at the same time raising the family's profile and knowledge by participating in family pk, stumps, etc.
The family community system helps users to make friends less difficult and to create close social relationships, which significantly enhances the platform’s user stickyness and the proportion of new users based on natural increment. The mix mode matures, and the algorithm optimizes the user’s experience of the enablers.
On the one hand, the Stargroup continues to push into pugc+ugc, where socializing models, such as "family rivalries" are used to increase revenue through subscriptions, prop purchases, etc.
On the other hand, on commercial realization, the Stargroup connects to mintegralsdk via the Topon Convergence platform, using the application of internal advertising to boost realization gains. Since January 2021, the Stargroup has worked with Mintegral. After an in-depth analysis of the type of flow of the Star group and the user properties, the Mintegral team selects short videos, electricians, live broadcasts, and the video.
High-quality advertising resources, such as socialization, music games, use of algorithms, continuous learning of the interests of target users, optimization of algorithmic logic, and recommendation of quality advertising content for users, thus efficiently increasing the efficiency of the platform while ensuring user advertising experience.
According to the company’s annual report, the Stargroup has a strong edge in South-East Asia and the Middle East, and has a strong presence in major countries in Europe and the United States, and is now actively developing emerging markets such as Latin America. According to the company’s annual report, by the end of 2022, the Stargroup had cumulatively registered a total of 310 million users and had the top five downloads of music/audio applications in 116 countries and territories, 78 of them and others.
The region ranked first, with a cumulative top five in 148 countries and regions for music/audio applications, with 130 countries and regions ranked first. Figure 11: Three countries in Europe and four emerging markets in Latin America displaying free audio for nearly three months
In the voice room, in addition to the introduction of new rooms, attempts are made to reform the flow, to push out the "buy-in room" and to allow users to pay for the flow of their rooms, thereby screening more enthusiastic owners. For the vr version, further upgrades of the interactive virtual stage and avatar functionality to satisfy user-specific expressions.
The Space Kill game product, while enriching the variety of games, enhances user social experiences. In addition, the commercializersstargroup has tried to introduce ios subscription models in the North American region to optimize costs and increase roi through the continuous improvement of materials and the enrichment of subscription rights.
III. OPERA: Overseas Information and Communication Platforms Third Party Browser Business Starts with Search and Advertisement Business as the central source of revenue generation. One of the world ' s well-known Internet brands, it's now more than 25 years old. Since its inception, OPERA has been based on innovation based on user demand.
In 2023, Oira continued to grow. It benefited from the continued growth of the web browser commercialization strategy and the Ostraads platform, which has become the world’s leading platform for artificial intelligence-driven information distribution and meta-cosmos, covering a wide range of areas, such as advertising, search, information distribution and meta-cosm.
It continued to expand, reaching $1.44 in the fourth quarter of 2023, an increase of 22 per cent in the same year. According to Opra’s dollar, an increase of 38 per cent in the same year. The Opra actively embraced artificial intelligence and became the first independent browser brand in the industry with full access to the ai.
Cooperation, from the launch of the new flagship browser, to the roll-out of the original one assistant, "aria," or "apra", from the launch browser, to the complete re-engineering of the experience with the one. Aria can help users with information interpretation, text translation, thumbnail summaries, content creations, recommendations, etc., and its unique "refiner" tool can significantly improve the user's interaction with the one assistant.
It also supports self-defined styles of content creation based on users’ needs, which greatly improve users’ use experiences. In order for all people to benefit equally from the technological dividends of the development of the ai, users simply need to register the Oela account to operate free of charge in mainstream systems such as Andre and ios, which have been online in over 180 countries around the world, supporting more than 50 languages.
In the meta-cosmology, Opragx constantly grinds product details, enriches the community content, creatively introduces the mods function so that the players can customize their design and browse experiences according to their personal preferences, from a variety of angles, including voice and appearance. At the same time, it organizes a campaign that enriches the community content and enhances community activity. By the end of 2023, the mods in gx.storre were over 4,500.
gx.games has over 7,000 online games, with 27.8 million active users per month on the gx browser, an increase of 37 per cent over the same year. Opragx has become one of the major platforms for the content consumption, creation and distribution of games by game fans around the world. In addition, Opra has integrated the newest aria to gx, bringing a leading ai browsing experience to a wide range of game players.
Figure 13: gx.games and gx.store content displays search and advertising operations based, income structure and profit stability. Browsers, ad-inline advertising operations and search splits constitute the main profits. User size and retention are the basis for the growth of the operation.
Verticalization has developed, notably in third-party browsers, and users are large and growing steadily. Google chrome, Apple safari, and Microsoft's microsoftedge depend on their ecosystems, reaching a wider and more stable audience. According to similarweb, in March 2024, chrome, safari and edge occupied 64.04%, respectively.
20.76%, 5.49% of the market share. Oprera, as a third-party browser, caters for the diversity of users and builds its own platform ecology through differentiated, vertical product functionality design and product matrix design. In privacy protection, Oprabrowser provides advertising interception, tracking protection, and free vpn functions.
Users are protected from cyberfishing, encrypted mining, and paste hijackings. Opra browsers provide better privacy and security than chrome, without depleting users ' cpu and ram. With higher productivity, they are more visible and efficient than chrome.
IV. Arkgames: Keeping the flow steady, new products are expected to generate new revenue. Arkgames is a global mobile game platform that is developed, distributed and operated in one company under the flag of the company. Product type overlays multiple product categories, including mmorpg, slg, and distribution regions covering South-East Asia, Europe and America, Japan and the mainland, all over the world.
More than 150 countries and territories. As veterans of the game, arkgames has experienced and strong localization skills and operating teams that customize and develop games from multiple dimensions, such as subject matter, painting wind, playing methods, etc., to match the local players’ demands.
For the time being, the kangames continue to focus on the path of sophistication and globalization, with their main product, the Tower of the Sacred Land, completing the line-up in Hong Kong, Australia, Europe, and Japan and Korea. The Tower of the Holy Land is on the front line in Europe and America.
The top of the free list for major countries like Germany, with a single-day peak of $200,000 and a first-month break of $3 million, and the top-ranked Google Shop in Japan, which was recommended and ranked high on the best-selling list. The Tower of the Holy Land was launched on the national platform on September 15, 2023. As per Taptap, as of April 2024.
On 27th of the month, a total of 270,000 downloads were recorded, with a 410,000 focus. According to seven wheat data, the domestic edition of The Tower of the Holy Land was ranked 86th on average, with a relatively stable performance.
Beijing Leisure Network Technology Ltd. is a player in the development and operation of mahjong-style mobile game, which is based on chess games such as mahjong, Dojo, etc., and became a fully-owned company in Kuala Lumpur in 2019. Leisure is focused on providing users with local-specific recreational games, representing products such as Panda Sichuan mahjong and Sichuan.
So far, leisure and recreation have become the top recreational platform in the country, and after many years of development, there are currently no time frames in figure 16: A matrix of recreational and recreational products; end-of-home card sales models that generate efficient income, combined games, video advertising support, etc., around local chess cards.
There have been many business attempts at recreation, and now there is a profit pattern dominated by card sales, games, and advertising. The housing card model is also an innovative profit model that rises with idle fun, and is tantamount to moving the game room to the online, where the homeowner can consume the card and invite acquaintances to play.
By 2020, the model was gradually transformed into a direct purchase of cards by end-users, reducing the proxy model, which means that the housing card model earns about 90 per cent of the income from idle games, while the remaining 10 per cent comes from combined games, video advertisements, and again in May 2021 it was mentioned that the housing card model is the highest portion of the income from idle games.
Six, agi and aigc plates: the Kullen Skywork model is a powerful one, the layout of the plate is early, the strategic level is high, and the six business matrices are comprehensive. According to the company's annual report, the company began to deploy the aigc area as early as 2020.
The company completed its acquisition of the singularityai in 2023, integrating its original business into the Kunon Skyworkai, the main body of the agi and aigc industries. The establishment of the Kunlon Skyworkai helped to build the company’s long-term competitive advantage in the artificial intelligent track and boost its industry’s influence.
The "tobtoc" is one of the most powerful, comprehensive, and fully committed companies in the country to open-source community. The "tobtoc" of the country is focused on the development of a matrix of ad hoc products from overseas, waiting for commercialization.
In the domestic market, companies adopt a “tob+toc” and re-entering business strategy. For end-b clients, they provide api and custom development services to meet business needs of their clients. For end-c clients, companies have launched a national first-aid search product.
In overseas cities, companies focus mainly on developing end-to-end applications, rolling out end-to-end content generation tools to help users reduce content creation thresholds through aigc technology, guiding users to create actively, thereby creating a new ugc community.
In terms of human inputs, the company now has nearly a thousand people in a team of agi and aigc. The technical team consists of specialists and professionals from well-known firms and universities in the country and abroad.
The members of the core team have served in well-known technology companies, both within and outside the country, and have published numerous papers, such as tpami, cvpr, clip2tv, deepsquare and others, with excellent academic background and professional experience, and have been able to contribute rapidly and strongly to the high-quality deployment of advanced technology.
A self-controlled cluster of algorithms is now able to meet the training needs of text-based models and future model models. And, with further improvements in resource efficiency, companies are expected to be able to meet the technological advances in future beyond video aigc-1, purely self-researching of bottom models, and sufficient hardware and computing cluster facilities.
On the big model technology side, the “Storework” model chooses a purely self-researching route, and the bottom technology is autonomously controlled. It is structured in two trillion-dollar models, one pre-training base model based on the structure of the Transformer (decoder-only) and one sequenced model of hundreds of millions. At the same time, the Monte Carlo tree search algorithm is increased and model output is upgraded.
Over nearly three years of engineering experience and success in tackling the Chinese language library quality bottlenecks, creating the best training data sets for integrity and quality in the industry. On September 16, 2023, in the test of the authoritative list of reasoning, benchmarkgsm8k, the Quinlon Vanwi “Store” model emerged with 80% correctness, leading by gpt-3.5 (57.1%) and llama2-70b.
(56.8 per cent), which marks a global leader in the reasoning of the daily workers, close to gpt-4. The 400 billion-grade moe hybrid expert model, 3.0 was officially launched on 17 April and simultaneously opened up. Compared to the previous generation, 2.0, the daily workers 3.0 were in the semantic understanding of the models, logical reasoning, and generality, generalization, uncertainty, knowledge.
There have been significant performance improvements in areas such as learning abilities, where mathematics/extraction/code/text creation has increased by more than 30%. "Store 3.0" has 400 billion parameters, surpassing the 314 billion parameter, and is the largest open-source moe model in the world. At the same time, "Store" has added search enhancements, research models, code calls and graphics, multiple web searches, etc.
The model's agent capabilities have been specifically trained. Daywork 3.0 combines the ability to search for ai, ai writing, ai long text reading, ai dialogue, ai speech synthesis, ai image generation, ai caricature creation, ai image recognition, ai music generation, ai code writing, ai table generation, etc., and is the first multimodel "supermodel" in the world.
Figure 18: The scale of the daily work 3.0 model parameters. Strong model technology gives "the day worker 3.0" superb performance. In a number of authoritative multi-model evaluations, such as mmbench, "the day worker 3.0" outperformed gpt-4v, leading the world.
The position point data report that, on 20 January 2024, the number of daily active users (dau) of the platform reached 340,000, well above the previous 1.5-20 million.
More than rivals in the same industry, such as by-bit bean buns and 100-degree bean buns, with 170,000 and 270,000, respectively. According to the i product list, the Skyworkai search ranked 9-12 floating on the search engine list, with 143w access in March, an increase of 52%.
Figure 20: Search engine ranking, March 2024 3 and multi-ai business matrix plates are constantly showing up. China's first musical Sota model, the Large Model of Skywork Music: for the first time, auto-research model technology led the aigc field.
Ball. A big model of the music production of the ai – an invitation was opened on April 2, and an invitation was officially launched on April 17th. Skywork is based on a super-large model of the Quinlon Vanvi Skywork 3.0 and is currently the only publicly available model of the music of the ai. From user feedback, a high rating of the turboskymusic was obtained, and the trustpilot score was reached.
Five stars, indicating not only a technological breakthrough, but also a wide range of user experiences, in a horizontal evaluation of the top model of the ai music sunov3 overseas, "Storeskymusic" is a prominent leader in the areas of human voice and & bgm quality, human voice nature, pronunciation and comprehension, and goes beyond sunov3 with a combined score of 6.65 points.
To become a global ii music sota model. In the list of "Aigc Enterprises & Products of Concern 2024," the Klon Wanwi Group and Skyworker built on a strong combination of power in the aigc field, selecting respectively "Aigc Enterprises of the Top Concern 2024" and "Aigc Products of the Best Expectation 2024".
Figure 22: "Aigc Enterprises & Products of Concern 2024" list: in i games: the first i playforfun studio self-researched by Quinlon Vanwie under the flag of Playforfun was officially launched on April 18th with the alpha version test, which further enriched the company's ai application scene.
The koalaeditor of the ugc game, which allows users to develop zero-code games and significantly lower the creation threshold, has also introduced anamplec, which provides players with a real and immersed game experience.
The company ' s other ai products, such as ai video and ai social products, are currently being developed and tested to ensure their quality, build long-term market competitiveness, and more ai products are expected to be marketed in 2025. (1) Game business plates: Arkgames is a global mobile game platform under the Cullen Vanwi flag, and companies have been working hard since 2023.
Focusing on agi and aigc operations, the share of the game income has declined. The revenue from the plate is expected to fall between 2024 and 2026. (2) Domestic social business blocks: leisure as a social platform for company leisure and recreation, playing cards and playing cards, and introducing home cards and localized games, effectively opening up the online card and entertainment market. But as the country recovers gradually,
Recreational models, estimated at $405/345/293 million for 2024-2026, respectively. (3) Overseas social business panels: looking to the future, the Stargroup, as a leading audio social platform, will continue to enrich content ecology and efficiently meet user individualized needs through the integration of advanced technological tools such as artificial intelligence.
(4) Advertisement Business Block: Through a continuous strategic acquisition, Kronwanwie was successfully transformed from a play company into a global Internet platform, with the advertising business combining the Opra, Stargroup and recreational components, with rising revenues, estimated at $21,49/2600/3068 million in 2024-2026.
(5) Searching business blocks: Opra continues to expand in developed countries such as Europe and America, raising mau while driving the growth of the arpux value; the Opragx browser designed for game players also integrates the gamemaker engine and builds a unique game community, gxc, which offers a wide range of development prospects. The search plate operations are expected to take place in 2024-2026, respectively.
Given the firmness and dedication of the company to building the R & D talent ladder, the cost of R & D is expected to increase further, putting some pressure on the company ' s net return profits in the short term or temporarily. We expect the company to run a total game business for 2024-2026.
Leaning, perfect world, Keeing Network, Theostate Tai-yee, Theater Network, and Fancy Technology are 21 times more likely than the 24-year average of companies. Klon Wanwi has full ownership of the Arkgames, considering that the Arkgames game is expected to start making a profit by giving company games 22 times the market value of the plate in 2024, which is about $1.59 billion.
Figure 25: Game operations are comparable to companies and valuations The board is expected to collect $405 million in 2024. The value of the plate is estimated to be approximately $6.24 billion, according to the 24-year average of games companies.
In 2024, $1,052 million was collected, and the valuations were matched by comparable companies from the same industry, music and correspondence groups, 3.3 times more than the 24-year averages of the public division, 0.7-5.8 xps, taking into account the strong social attributes of the Stargroup, and 2,149 million in 2024, and the valuations were matched by comparable companies from the same industry, Google, 100 degrees, Meta, and comparable companies.
(6)ai and equity investment block: corporate ai operations are valued at RMB 2.05 billion on the basis of access data against the mark kimi (valued at $2.5 billion). The combined market value of the equity portfolio is about RMB 12.15 billion.
Application sites, etc., where there is some uncertainty about the pace and pace of industrial development process; 2 ,ai application overlapped with expectations: corporate products continued to be optimized, followed by risk overlaps. 3 , Market diffusion did not work as expected: A product that was already on the line of the company after the purchase cycle, user retention,
There is some uncertainty about the commercialization of the product. Bachelor of Arts. From 2016 to 2021, he worked on Skywind securities, covering the Internet, games, advertising, electronics, etc., as well as the meta-cosm and sports levels, with five years of research experience and long-term follow-up coverage of the Hong Kong-American stock market and the Internet industry.
B.A. Computers at the University of Electric Technology, formerly in telecommunications, 3 years of first-level market practice, 5 years of entrepreneurship ( artificial intelligence, virtual digital people, etc.) with industrial experience in the fields of artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, Internet, etc.
Bai Yunhan, a member of the Sinda Securities Media Internet and overseas team. Master of Finance, University of Connecticut, United States, which was a part of the investment of the Tung Tse Enterprise, has not been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.