Sinjiyama testimony, social and interactive media, big layout models, allinai opening up a new growth curve.
20 June 2024 Establishment of the “allinagi and aigc” strategy to provide an enabling business line for ai. Model end: the company released a large model of “Store 1.0” in April 2023, “Store 2.0” in February 2024, April 2024
Launching " Skill 3.0" using a moe structure of 400 billion parameters is one of the most robust and open-source moe models of the current global model. End of application: the company based its search on an i-write, ai-painting, ai-data analysis, ai-partner, etc.
A positive layout of i music, i video, i game, i socialization, etc. Agi and aigc operations: auto-research model reasoning leading, i search or search for traditional search models Market data: June 20, 20, 2024
\triangleright poses a challenge. The number of daily workers is more than 1 million, followed only by words and bean buns in the country.
Columns, the Dense model, which is close to 70b, reduces the cost of reasoning by almost three times. The company's flag is a first-pageran's search product, compared to the traditional pagerank search model, which has a comprehensive and accurate Chinese answer, a user's true intent to capture accurate, time-bound and answerable.
On March 31st, 2024, as the cost of reasoning continues to decline, the search Roi is very much to be expected; in the case of music and game, the search is based on an ad flow of information and a smart vip service.
The company has developed an i-enpowerment ugc to enhance user experience while increasing user stickyness. Opra locates the overseas information distribution platform, the value of which is raised from year to year. Business covers network advertising, \triangleright.
In the areas of search, information distribution, and meta-cosm, there are more than 390 million live users worldwide. Since 2023, Opra explores access to ai on the browser platform, launching a new browser, Opraone, and introducing the  viewer with the original aria. In the context of the growing user service capacity, Opra's
The value of the Panning River arpu rose from $0.50 in 2020 to $1.44 in 2023.
The camp has been a better driver of user growth and retention and is still maintaining high global heat, and in late 2023, Wang De Kwan has accumulated the top five downloads of music/audio applications in 126 countries and territories, 82 of them.
\triangleright 1. Company profile: New track openings, new business continues to grow.
1.1 Starting with the game business, expanding into an Internet platform business, and the future with a one-stop strategy, Klonwanwig was established in 2008 to start with a web game, followed by an ever-expanding business radius, gradually moving, games, social network products, search engines, ai, etc., and has now grown into an Internet platform with global reach.
In addition, the company’s investment operations have been impressive, relying on well-established operating cash flows, its own industrial advantages and investment experience, and the company is actively engaged in market ownership at the first level.
Investments. In 2023, the company established the “allinagi and aigc” development strategy, and has now successfully constructed a multi-purpose business matrix that includes the ai model, ai search, ai video, ai socialization, ai game, and partly commercialized.
1) arkgames: R & D operation of the main web game, hand-and-hand, and end-to-end, contributing to game revenue: 2) anopera: contributing to web advertising revenue and search engine income mainly from the Opra browser; 3) askyworkai: contributing to social networking, games and advertising income mainly from music and i play business;
4) Leisure and recreation: Main local chess game, contribution to game income, and part of social network income. Since its inception, the business radius has expanded, and corporate income types have increased and the size of income has grown significantly.
2) 2013: The development of mobile games and the introduction of higher-moral representations in that year, with faster growth in the income from games; 3) 2016-2017: a rapid increase in the social network income ratio through successive tables grindr and recreational activities; 4) 2021: and a rapid increase in the income ratio of online advertising and search engines.
Establishment of the “allinagi and aigc” strategy, with the ai enabling line of business. In 2023, the company focused on the ai, dividing the layout of the business into three main groups: 1) agi and aigc. The company has completed the whole industry chain layout of the Arithmetic Infrastructure - Large Model Algorithms-ai Application.
Arithmetic: In 2023, the company replenished its stock-based computing chip, Aierkot. Aierkot brings together leading experts from a variety of fields, such as chip development, integrated circuits, and artificial intelligence, and focuses on the development of ai's big calculus and related chips. Model end: The company released a large model of "Store 1.0" in April 2023, "Store 2.0" in February 2024, and "Storework 2.0" in April 2024.
3.0, which uses a moe structure of 400 billion parameters, is one of the current open-source moe models with the largest global model parameters and the strongest performances. At the end of the application, the company has launched official intelligence bodies such as ai writing, ai painting, ai data analysis, ai couple based on ai search, and a positive layout based on ai technology in the direction of ai music, ai video, ai games, ai socialization, etc.
2)opera has become a global brand of Internet brands, working with the Openai viewer's original aria to improve user web browsing experiences. In the metacosystem, Ooperagx has become one of the major platforms for content development, creation, and distribution for the world's fans of games.
3) Investment operations. Companies actively engage in investment operations at the first level of equity markets and achieve good investment returns. 1.2 Income growth rates are in line with business trends, with a high Māori rate and a upward trend in cost rates.
In 2016 and 2017, the company made a rapid breakthrough, leading to a massive increase in corporate corporate income; in 2016 and 2017, the company increased its income at a further rate, and in 2021, the company also increased its income at a higher rate, as did the company and the Stargroup. It needs to be pointed out that the net profit on corporate repatriation grew by 285.5% in 2020, mainly as a result of the company’s sale of its shares in Grindr in that year.
From the game business, where the Māori rate was at a time of decline, since 2016 companies have gradually expanded their business maps, adding new income types such as social networks, web advertising, search engines, and so on, the Māori rate of companies has risen rapidly since 2016 and stabilized at a higher level.i The corresponding labour costs, technical services and server amortization have increased significantly, with R&D rising to 19.7 per cent,
The rate of increase in R & D costs has accelerated in 24q1 by 28.9% in the same season and by 14.9% in the same season. With regard to sales costs, the cost of sales has continued to rise since 2020, mainly due to market and promotional increases and higher expenditures on sales workers’ remuneration.
The Division released the Stock Incentives Plan (draft) in March 2024, to 432 core technical staff and companies that they consider to be in need of incentives.
The employee in question awarded 62,461.94 million shares, representing 51.409% of the company’s total stock. The largest number of equity incentives in the company was awarded to Prof. Nao-sung, who received 7.2 million shares, or 11.53% of the total stock incentive scheme. Prof. Nai-seng, a leading expert in the 'i ' field, ranked 56th in the world’s computer scientists, and Chinese 14th in Singapore.
2.agi and aigc operations: large model reasoning is strong, applications are rich. Since 2020, the company has focused on large models and aigc fields and has now successfully built a big model, ai search,
In December 2022, the company released its first open-source large model.
In April 2023, the company released an autonomous model of “Store 1.0” using a pre-training model and a rlhf model based on a two-billion model. In addition, the company filtered 3 trillion words out of billions of data, breaking through the quality bottlenecks of the Chinese-language database and giving the larger model the character of understanding Chinese language, vocabulary and grammar.
A significant advantage. In September 2023, in the test of the authoritative reasoning list benchmarkgsm8k, the daily worker significantly outperformed 57.1 per cent of gpt-3.5 and 56.8 per cent of llama2-70b. In August 2023, the company released China's first ai-search “studentai search”.
In February 2024, the company released a large model of “Store 2.0” using a moe expert hybrid model structure, dealing with complex tasks, faster model response, more efficient training and reasoning, and greater scalability. On 17 April 2024, the company released a large model of “Store 30” using a 400 billion-parameter moe structure.
One of the most powerful and powerful open-source moe of the model parameters. "Store 3.0" rises in capacity on all sides of semantic understanding, logical reasoning, etc. 20% higher in technical knowledge than the previous generation models, and 30% higher in mathematics and code. Meanwhile, in a number of authoritative multi-model measurements, such as mmbench, "Store 3.0" outpaces gpt-4v.
Many of the indicators have reached a global lead. 10,000. Moreover, according to questmobile, in March 2024, the number of daily workers is nearly 10 million, ranking third in the country. Figure 9: Top 5aigcapp changes in the size of active users in March 2024.
On 3 June 2024, the company announced that it had a strong performance and a lower reasoning cost of 200 billion rare models. The skywork-moe is the first of the hundreds of millions of moe models that support the reasoning of a single 4090 server. The skywork-moe model belongs to 3.0 daily workers.
The research and development model series, with a total of 146b parameters, the activation parameter 22b, the assessment of the fruit based on the major mainstream ratings, and under the same activation parameters (the reasoning calculation), the skywork-moe capacity is at the forefront of the industry, close to the 70b Dense model, which reduces the cost of reasoning by almost three times the total parameter size of the skywork-moe compared to the deepseekv2 total.
The parameter size is one third smaller, with a smaller parameter performing similar capabilities.
Parametersandtoftalparameters (inbillion), researchively. 2.1ai search: challenging traditional pagerank search, deduced that the costs will fall or become catalytic, was launched in August 2023 as the country ' s first-ever ai search product.
The data collection and indexing process has been optimized, and the quality and accuracy of the search results have been ensured to some extent. At the same time, the Sky Tai search also provides reference links to the search results, including text, video, consultation, pictures, etc., to ensure the quality of the search. The specific features of the Sky Tai search include:
Introduction of cross-language search techniques (clir), with the use of large models for cross-linguistic understanding, enabling Chinese queries to reach the global knowledge base in English and providing comprehensive and accurate answers in Chinese, significantly expanding the knowledge boundaries of user searches. In understanding user search instructions, large model techniques are used to rewrite and expand query statements to capture them more accurately
In both the recall and sequencing of the two key links, the Sky Workai Search simulated human identification judgement, reducing human resource needs and increasing efficiency and stability in traditional methods, and the Skyworki Search brought together search and enhanced generation (rag) techniques, significantly improving the quality of the search answers, and
The Chinese search engine’s current pattern of competition is largely based on pagerank technology. The search results are based on a simple idea: the more web pages are accessed by users, the higher the quality may be.
The accuracy of the search in the Pageran mode is highly dependent on the latent strength of the users, that is, the greater the number of users using the search system, the more accurate the pagerank is. The Chinese search engine development history can be summarized as follows: In 2000, Google was launched to search for the Chinese version, with a rapid rate of 25% of the city.
At this point, China’s home-grown search engine has also been caught in the middle of a war: Xiao Hongjing’s 3721, which created a “window ad” for profit; Yahoo’s hands on e-mails and search for full localization, with the city taking a full lead; and 100% relying on competitive rankings for rapid growth.
In 2003, 100% relied on the “competitive ranking” to become the top Chinese search engine. In 2004, 100% captured a lot of traffic through the acquisition of Hao123. In 2005, Google hired Lee Kai-kwan to catch a Chinese search board. In 2007, the number of Google Chinese web pages indexed increased dramatically.
Double, and got an icp license, with a server called Google.cn entering China. In 2009, Google-Chinese search increased from 16.1% to 31.0% in 2006; in 2009, 100% of cities were far ahead of 63.1%.
In 2012, "3sb" (360, dog search, 100 degrees) recommenced, 360 and over 1/10 dog search hours.
In the more than 10 years since “3sb” the Chinese search engine’s market pattern of competition has been entrenched, with 100 per cent of the world’s largest. However, after 100% of the country’s monopoly, income growth has been declining, and since 2016, 100 per cent of online market service income has not increased significantly and is largely on track.
The traditional pagerank search mode may be challenged by the ai search mode. The traditional pagerank search system solves the problem of searching “from 0 to 1” and, in times of relative scarcity of access to information, meets the needs of users from “not finding information” to “not finding information”.
The pain spots are often the exact answer from the overwhelming information. Under the pagerank search mode, users are exposed to a large number of web pages containing ad bids, which are increasingly incompatible with the actual needs of users. Under the ai search mode, large models can be used as an agent for user searches and can fully understand and expand user queries with fewer keywords, link clicks, pages.
The first step is to collect the big data on the Internet and to process them initially, and the second step is to “label them properly” each and store them in separate categories in a database.
And design a search program so that suitable data can be found at any time; step three, when the user's instructions are received, disassemble and analyze the command and extract the core information from it, and then match the many data associated with the instruction to match them to the relevant degree, with the best answer.
And the upgrading of the arithmetic infrastructure, where the cost of reasoning is falling faster. If future side reasoning is developed faster, it is assumed that the decline will be faster. Ai search business models rely mainly on advertising information flows and smart vip services, and this is accompanied by a continuous decline in reasoning, and ai search roi is very much to be expected.
2.2ai Music &ai games: I empower the user to experience the sora structure of Skywork, which enables high-quality music to be produced through self-researching modeling techniques. On April 17, the company released "Storeskymusic" based on a combination of large-scaletransformer and diffusiontransformer.
To achieve integration of instruments, humans, melody, volume, and music end-to-end generation. The characteristics of Skyskymusic include: 1) supporting 80-second bisonic stereosai songs; 2) high-quality human synthesizing, especially in Chinese, better than in foreign products of the same kind; 3) more precise control of lyrics, which helps to express nuance; 4) supporting a variety of musical styles, such as raps, folk songs, electronics, etc.
, the user can upload the reference audio even to produce a song in dialect; 5) can learn and express a variety of musical techniques. Skyskymusic music so that the quick creation process reduces the threshold for music creation.
. Click on one to write a song to enter a song-making interface, and the user can fill out the word itself or use the one. After filling, the user can choose directly to generate the song, or choose a song as a style reference before it can be generated, and there are many songs for inclusion, including pops, folk songs, etc. In addition, the user can choose the emotional tone of the song.
With regard to the i-playing, the company self-researched the i-play " clubkoala " , developed by the i-empowerment ugc to enhance the player ' s creative and game experiences. The clubkoala was first shown in August 2023 in Cologne, Germany, and started the alpha version test on April 18. The core part of the game is koalaeditor, a zero-code game editor, and the player is allowed to play.
You can easily create a game level, and you can easily make a variety of little games in the game.
Virtual images, building, decorating their own islands and houses, and participating in interesting activities such as planting, fishing, cooking, or visiting friends to form an active player simulation community.
Main behavior, interacting with players and remembering interactive behavior, is reflected in subsequent interactive behaviors. In the game, ainpc is self-sufficient enough to set the agenda and execute it, and to react to sudden behaviors. Every ainpc behaves according to its personality, characteristics, wishes and memories, and affects each other’s relationships and development.
3.opera: Overseas Information Distribution Platform, annual increase in arpu values, established in 1995 and based in Oslo, Norway, received a strategic investment in Kuala Lumpur Vanwi in 2016, and incorporated into Kuala Lumpur Vanwi financial statements in 2021.
In the areas of advertising, search, information distribution and meta-cosm, there are over 390 million live users worldwide. Since 2023, Iotra has explored access to ai in the browser platform, launched a new browser, the Opraone, and introduced the original aria assistant in the browser, which has improved user use by using the ai.
In 2023, OERA achieved $397 million, +19.9 per cent, and a net return of $153 million and +920 per cent. On the revenue division, the search engine, advertising, and revenues are four to six.
Arpu values are growing from year to year, and monthly users are under pressure. The value of Arpu 4 in Opra rose from $0.50 in 2020 to $1.44 in 2023, and the number of monthly users fell from 380 million in 2020 to around 300 million in 2023.
Drops plan, which introduces ai access to the developers version browser. Since then, Opra has integrated into the browser over 60 large model family series, over 2,000 large local language model variants, enabling users to access and manage large local models through browser in-house features. Endsideai allows users to call large models at the developers version browser interface, reducing the number of models.
On May 29, OERA announced that it would access the large sideai model in the flag ship viewer Opraone and game browser Opragx.
On May 28, Opra announced that it would work with Google Cloud to integrate the Googlemini model into the ai assistant 'aria. Aria, driven by the utility-llmcompposerai engine, is able to use the most appropriate model to handle the task, rather than limit it to a single model, in accordance with the user ' s intent.
As of late 2023, the mods in gx.store had exceeded 4,500 games, the gx.games had over 7,000 games, and the gx browser had 27.8 million live users per month.
37%. Opragx has become one of the major platforms for global game fans to consume, create, and distribute their content. In addition, Opra has integrated the latest one assistant, Aria, into gx, bringing leading ai browsing experiences to a wide range of game players.
Starmaker is an overseas music social application under the company’s flag, which was acquired by the company in 2021 and listed in that year. Starmaker plays k songs + voice chats to satisfy users’ creative dreams, leisure and social needs.
Starmaker relies on the user k song, first-line singer live, and social operations to drive user growth and enhance user stickyness. In the k song contest, starmaker launched the “supernovaproject” k contest in Indonesia, where users can play k songs in the app, and fans vote to select the power player, a rule that is a strong incentive for singing-loving users.
The “supernovaproject” contest, which has been held almost 20 times around the world, has become a well-known overseas music ip. The contest has contributed to the user’s access to the source water, and, with high participation and activity, the user’s rejuvenation, activation and new ways in which the user’s size has grown rapidly in the short term.
One-line singers live, singing with live singers to attract fans is not unique to starmaker, but unlike other apps, which export with full content, compatible songs live, starmaker concentrates on k song + live vertical track. Starmaker usually invites local first-line singers to live live.
In the social sphere, starting in 2017, Starmaker began to build a family-based social relationship chain, leading to a division of labour among the communities in which hundreds of people live. In one family, the head of the family, the assistant, the family boss, the family star, and so on.
There's a division of work, the head of the family has management, the assistant is responsible for advertising material, the family boss is responsible for playing, and so on, and every user is able to find a sense of his/her place in the family. By 2018, Starmaker had successfully injected social glue into the platform through family social operations.
On the one hand, the product is expanding the type of room, building on k-rooms, chat rooms, running a new room, and completing a new user acceptance; on the other hand, the product is constantly expanding the type of room.
Active use of the ai technology, combined with the ai optimising the singing tool. Operationally, the user retention level is further enhanced by improving the frequency of family activities and optimizing the real-time experience of singing, i.e., intimate relationships. By the end of 2023, starmaker was in the top five areas of music/audio applications in 126 countries and regions, with 82 countries and territories ranked first; and 148 countries cumulatively.
The top five places on the best-selling list for music/audio applications, 130 of which are ranked first in countries and regions. Since May 2024, the top rankings in larger countries, such as India, Brazil and Indonesia, have been largely stable.
Arkgames is a platform for the development, distribution, and operation of games under the corporate flag. The types of products under the corporate flag, including mmo-rpg, slg etc., cover more than 150 countries and regions around the world, including South-East Asia, Europe and America, and Japan and the mainland.
The localized technology and operations team has gained a more competitive advantage in terms of its refined and globalized development path. The main product, the Tower of the Holy Land, is on-line in the country, with a multiplicity of games, with potential values that will continue to be released.
In September 2022, the Tower of the Holy Land acquired a national game number, which was released in September 2023. In addition, the stock of multiple games, including the heavy slg game, the dragon rise, the slg+ shooting game, the d-war, and the ugc-type game, code d, will be launched overseas and inland in the future, releasing potential value.
Leisure is the leading recreational platform in the country, and its products consist of various local mahjongs, gladiators, etc. board games. In 2016, the free and leisure home card model was successfully transferred to the traditional boardroom mode. Through the home card mechanism, users can open rooms online and pay for their cards and enjoy easy-line games.
1) Game income: Mainly due to game business under the flag of ktagames, play under the flag of free play. Considering the reserve or gradual release of the rk game, and the reduced income from idle play, we expect a gradual reduction in the income from company games 2) social network income: mainly the contribution of starmaker and free play. Considering the high stickyness of the use of starmaker,
With the upgrading of the user experience and the narrow reduction in the income from leisure and recreation, we expect a reduction in corporate social networking income: 3) search engine revenue: mainly contributed by Opra. Considering that the user experience or improvement of the user experience is achieved by the one, the user's viscous increase, and the value of the armo is maintained year by year.
4) Internet advertising revenue: contributed mainly by OPERA. Considering that Iotra is at the frontier of an application exploration, the user experience or will increase after the Io is in place, and the value of the arpu is still rising. In addition, Starmaker and Skyworks also contribute to the decline in the ratio of Māori to Māori, and the company ' s Māori ratio.
The company has focused on large models and the aigc field since 2020, and has now successfully constructed a matrix of multi-ai operations, including ai models, ai search, ai music, ai video, ai socialization, ai games, and some of them have been commercialized and listed as domestics.
In terms of large models, the company's “Store 3.0” based on the 400 billion-parameter moe structure exceeds gpt-4v in a number of authoritative multi-model measurements, such as mmbench, with multiple evaluation indicators reaching a global lead; in terms of ai search, the Tintai search optimizes the data collection and indexing process and ensures to some extent that the search takes place.
The quality and accuracy of the results, which have the characteristics of comprehensive and accurate answers in Chinese, the true intent of the user to capture accurate, time-bound, good-quality answers, etc., have been accompanied by reduced costs of reasoning, which makes it worth waiting for ai search roi; in the case of i music and ai games, the public administration has developed an i-entitled ugc that enhances user experience while increasing user stickyness.
Overseas information platforms have gained momentum, arpu values have been raised from year to year. Opra’s operations cover Internet advertising, search, information distribution and metacosm, with over 390 million live users worldwide. Since 2023, Opra explores the introduction of a person in the browser platform, launching a new browser, the erraine, and launching a browser built into the original aria assistant.
The endsideai is also active in exploring the endai, enabling more applications and upgrading user service capabilities. The endsideai enables users to use large models at the developers ' version browser interface, reducing the transmission of individuals at the time of use of the ai. The dollar is increasing to $1.44 annually in 2023.
Starmaker focuses on the music live track, with strong products stacked with strong user sticky social operations. Starmaker plays mainly with k songs, k songs, first-line singers, social operations, etc. The music live scene meets the needs of users for creative dreams, leisure and recreation, and social operations meet the social needs of users, which together contribute better to the growth and retention of users.
By the end of 2023, starmaker was in the top five of 126 countries and territories, of which 82 were in the top five; and in 148 countries and territories, in the top five of the top five of the top five.
There are 130 countries and regions that are ranked first. The games are well developed, stocked or released potential in the future.
In the future, multi-player reserves, such as the game "d-war" and the "ugc" game "d" will continue to be available overseas and inland, releasing potential value. Leisure camping and net profit reduction are gradually shrinking, and the housing card model that has been created is still public, given the many types of company business, we divide the company ' s business into web advertising and search engines, overseas social networking, and domestic companies.
The four parts of the game, the investment business, are valued separately by comparable companies. 1) Internet advertising and search engines. We expect the two to collect $3.495 billion in 2024. The online advertising and search engines are more visible, and the one under the corporate flag is more advanced in the country. We pick Google, Microsoft, and comparable.
The average value of the company, 2024eps, is 9.99 x, and we give the network advertising and search engine operations 8.00 to 9.00 xps, so we choose the comparable value of cloud music and tether music, which is 4.19 x, and the average value of the offshore social services, 400 x to 4.50 xps, and the value of the division's operations is between $3.70 billion and $4.163 billion.
3) Social + game business in the country. We expect the two to earn $921 million in 2024. We select the national video game distribution company, the Kui Ying network, and the Giant network as comparable companies, with an average value of 3.87 x for each of the three, and we give this component from 350 x to 4.00 xps, with an estimated value of 3,223 million to 3,684 million.
(4) Investment operations. These include: 1) equity investments by listed companies, recorded in transactional financial assets; 2) investments in industrial funds, accounted for in long-term equity investments; 3) investments in primary markets, accounted for in other non-liquid financial assets.
A stronger competitive advantage is created by borrowing one. For the first time, a “buy-in-a” rating is given. 1) The development of the ai industry is not as good as expected. The current ai development is still at an early stage, with greater uncertainty. If industrial trends slow down, delays in the application landscape or the cost of reasoning will affect the company's business development;
2) Policy risks. The company’s ai business, play business, social business, and investment business are easily influenced by the policy. If the regulatory policy is tightened, the company’s business development will be affected. 1) The company’s business development is not as good as expected.
Business models such as So, do not find a reliable profit model, and companies may face a situation in which they cannot recover their invested resources; 2) users continue to lose their use. Platforms like Opra and Leisure have faced a decline in the number of active users in recent years, and this trend will not change and the company’s related business will be affected;
3) Investment business risks. The company’s investment business has a significant impact on the valuation, and in view of the volatility of the investment business, the company’s investment business may be lost due to factors such as market volatility.
The financial statement forecasts and valuations are aggregated on a reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status or belief in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.