China Expedition (601,800): China’s capital was raised on February 24, 2022.
China's border building is the capital of infrastructure building, the largest port, road and bridge company in the world.
Construction companies, leading global dredging industry, China's largest international engineering contractor and highway transport, "Cities " , the core business areas are based investors, leaders in the capital construction, design and dredging industry.
Construction, capital design and dredging operations, scope of operations Construction, company municipalities and road bridge construction, with a large number of new orders, up to the first three quarters of 2021, including domestic and global ports, shipping lanes, blowing up of land, etc.
53 per cent and 28 per cent, with key technologies such as infrastructure leading the world. Watersheds, roads and bridges, railways, urban orbital transport, municipal infrastructure, construction and environmental investments, etc.
Infrastructure space remains enormous, with steady growth leading to certainty of growth and new opportunities for development in China's urbanization, low design, construction, operation and management, low mileage in railways and subways, and significant infrastructure development.
A stable year-on-year growth in capital investment direction and corporate business alignment, adequate corporate orders, optimized cost management, especially a liberal financing environment that ensures that performance growth is determined and assets optimized, and corporate development is in a period of opportunity. Optimizing the corporate asset structure and working to enhance asset values, with new scope for expansion.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: High value added, high quality of projects, short period of construction + operations of urban complex projects, significant increase in the proportion of development projects that will improve future cash flow of assets and improve asset quality.
Wide-scale active stock of assets, etc., and optimized elasticity of corporate assets. The breadth and diversity of current financing channels offer new opportunities to leverage the stock of assets in corporate investment projects, accelerate the exit of investment projects and cash flow recovery, and improve asset efficiency.
About 40%, the highest share of the assets of similar construction companies, has led to high resilience and greater asset value. The company’s years of research and development and operation have been characterized by a wealth of technological reserves and capital, and the number of companies in the offshore wind and power installation sector has reached about 60%, with the expansion of wind and power.
For the first time, the value of the assets brought about by globalization has been given a “strongly recommended” rating. The source of the financial boom in the East, China (601,800): the value of the capital’s assets has been raised to the wind.
1. The capital sector is an absolute conglomerate, with a larger share of municipal construction. 1.1 China is a competitive global capital leader. China is a conglomerates company. China is effectively controlling the State Council ' s State Property Supervisory Board.
The leadership of the dredging industry was established in 2006. It was listed at the Hong Kong Union on 15 December 2006 and at the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 9 March 2012. The company is the world ' s largest port, road and bridge design and construction company, the leading global dredging industry, China ' s largest international engineering contractor and highway investor.
The company’s port design and construction operations do not have substantial competitors in the country, undertake the design and construction of the vast majority of large and medium-sized coastal ports since its establishment, and participate in the design and construction of a large number of large ports outside the country. Dredging operations have absolute influence on the country’s coast, with dredging teams of dredging ships the largest, most advanced, dredging and snorting ships in the country.
1.2 Municipal construction operations have gradually expanded, leading the way in terms of technology The largest share of municipal construction in the new bill of agreement for capital construction and the second largest share of road bridges, 27.57 per cent in the first three quarters of 2021 and 52.85 per cent in the new bill of agreement for road bridges.
Corporate technology leads, roads, tunnels, harbours, wind and other technologies under complex conditions continue to make major breakthroughs, super-tunnel shields, nationalization breakthroughs, international-class, and the installation of offshore wind and wind installation projects at Dashan 4 in the first half of 2021, built by the company, is still huge, with steady growth leading to certainty of growth and new opportunities for development.
2.1 China’s infrastructure space is still very large, the source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East, and China’s investment in infrastructure, after a period of high growth in the previous period, has entered a period of growth and decline, but the overall size of the infrastructure is still growing.
The cumulative value of annual infrastructure investments is 19.15 trillion, a 0.2% increase over the same year. Thus, the traditional infrastructure of steady growth must be robust in order to achieve the goal of steady economic growth if other economic drivers are to weaken.
China’s infrastructure has great scope for development, and companies have much to do as capital leaders with an absolute competitive advantage. Steady growth is an important direction of economic policy in 2022.
One year. China’s economy faces a three-fold pressure for “demand contraction, supply shocks, and expected weakening” in the years of weakened exports, the continuing impact of real estate policy regulation on the real estate sector, the uncertainty of relations between China and the United States, and the Federal Reserve’s financial boom in the East.
From the fourth quarter of 2021 to the second quarter of 2022, a steady growth policy has been in place: policies are gradually moving forward from the easing of real estate credit, interest rate reduction, and fiscal power. From the distribution of specific debt and the ppp project, the main thrust is in the area of municipal construction and transport, with additional special debt issued between the fourth quarter of 2021 and January 2022 amounting to 1.77 trillion yuan, of which municipalities are building.
The ratio of construction to transport is 17.56% and 12% respectively. A total of 11.06 trillion dollars has been invested in projects in the UNDP ppp project bank, of which 40.88% and 27.40% are urban infrastructure and transport, respectively.
The company’s main business is capital construction, with a further breakdown based on municipal construction and the construction of roads and bridges, which coincides with the foundation’s foundation, and the main investment in steady growth projects. The company’s new signings are mainly in the municipalities and transport, and they are growing at the same rate in the first three quarters of 2021.
The company, as a capital leader of about $700 billion in operating income, increased its management costs in 2021 after the arrival of its new management. In an environment of steady growth, monetary easing and active fiscal policy might not only get more orders, but also have easier financing environments and channels, including new reits and so on, to ensure that project orders are made more quickly and better.
Corporate asset development and optimization and long-term development offer new opportunities. When orders are placed to guarantee growth in operating income and lower cost of management uplifts, growth in corporate performance determines that the firm’s absolute competitive edge in the market and its managerial advantage enable it to seize the period of development opportunities and ensure certainty in the company’s long-term development.
Figure 12: Changes in corporate financial cost rates 3. Optimizing asset structures and leveraging asset values, with new scope for expansion of 3.1 municipal and city complex construction ratios, resulting in new growth points
The value added of municipal construction, in addition to traditional urban transport, bridges, tunnels, and underground networks, is also increasing. For example, urban habitability and intelligence are demanding increases, bringing new demands such as ecological governance, water governance, environmental governance, and city-smart construction.
Development projects, urban orbital transport, and replicable models of middle-class environmental governance have led to new corporate growth. Not only new cities, but also urban upgrading, renewal, and development of urban complexes, have provided incremental space for corporate development. Municipal construction projects in general have a short cycle of larger capital projects, with higher value added, relatively high quality projects, and run faster than government fees and speed.
The construction + operation of the road bot project has a short period of operation, and the increase in the proportion of municipal construction and urban complex development projects will improve cash flow, liquidity efficiency and asset efficiency. In the first three quarters of 2021, more than 50 per cent of the newly signed municipalities were built, with companies operating mainly by road bridges until 2018, then going to the Great City.
Urban construction has changed, including road bridges, underground networks, subway tunnels, eco-governance, smart cities, and urban complexes. According to the company’s new signing list, the company’s road bridge was the highest before 2018, but the city’s new construction order after 2018 exceeded the road bridge.
In terms of investment-type orders, the growth of the urban complex is larger than it was in the first half of 2021. The company actively expands the urban mix with a shorter business cycle.
In the first half of 2021, the company invested $87.2 billion in newly signed urban complex projects, representing 62% of the total new investment contract orders. Construction investment projects are the main asset of the company’s non-current assets, compared to other non-current assets + intangibles + long-term receivables.
But since the start of the 2016 ppp model, companies have invested in a number of projects.
These projects have long cycles, slow cash flow recovery, and are influenced by economic cycle fluctuations. If these assets are kept alive and optimized, the corporate asset structure has improved significantly.
The more friendly it is, the more the company’s assets become and the better it is. The emergence of new financial products, especially reits, creates new paths for the betterment and optimization of assets, such as corporate franchises.
Figure 17: Corporate reits issue structure maps. Currently, companies use their franchise high speeds and attachments as bottom-line assets, issuing Reits, which invests a total of $8,818 million, for a 30-year fee period starting in 2016.
The efficiency of assets is greatly enhanced by the efficient inventory of assets. Companies can recover their funds in advance, facilitating greater scale of their infrastructure operations, while at the same time giving companies more investment business attributes and investment-type asset attributes beyond their traditional infrastructure-building operations.
At the same time, the share of similar related assets of similar construction companies is lower than that of companies, and China’s electricity supply provides only 35% of the financing environment in which the projects are located. East’s financial resources are booming.
And the quality of the ppp project has been enhanced by the issuance of the Circular on Strengthening the Control of Risks in the Operations of the Central Enterprise ppp at the end of 2017, which requires a series of requirements, such as strict size control. After 4-5 years of development, the management of the company’s investment projects has become more mature and improved, resulting in a complete scientific management system. These assets will also have an overall asset quality as the policy and economic environment changes.
Upgraded and improved. In particular, the use of the various asset collection and exit models, represented by the riots, allows companies to have the highest share of investment-type project assets, with the greatest space for asset optimization and flexibility. 3.3 Operating areas offer new space for expansion.
The technological advantages of the company are prominent, with many technological reserves and resources accumulated over the years, such as the company’s offshore wind power installation technology and equipment. The offshore construction company’s capacity through shipwork and ship build-up, coupled with the accumulation of technology and personnel, has made the company thin and thin, entering the offshore wind and power sector, where market ownership has reached more than 60%, actively extending the industrial chain on the basis of installation operations, and expanding wind and power operations to maintain new areas.
Wind and power installation and transmission provide new growth points for corporate development. Profit forecasting and investment rating and optimization result in asset value enhancement, as well as new growth points for overseas and new operations, covering for the first time a “strongly recommended” rating.
The pace of asset optimization and dynamism has fallen short of expectations and new business developments have fallen short of expectations.
China Trust (601,800): China’s capital's asset value has been raised and the wind has been lifted, the East’s financial and intellectual resources have been raised, the East’s financial and intellectual resources have been raised, and the South’s financial and intellectual resources have been raised.
Eung Heung Securities Insight Report China Consort (601800)
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.