5g national production is accelerating, and companies are expected to grow at a high rate throughout the year.
Despite the impact of the epidemic, companies reported higher than expected performance. Gross sales revenue for the first half of the year was $998 million, an increase of 93.64 per cent over the same year; net profits attributable to parent shareholders were $353 million, an increase of 130.99 per cent over the same period.
It is hoped to reap the dividends of increased market size and market share, with a high year-round growth in performance. 5g clients with high quality and promising corporate development prospects.
New radio frequency technology products, with an increase of 76% in R & D inputs in the first half of the year. Faced with an increasing penetration rate of 5g, the company has developed and launched a series of low-frequency noise magnifiers, radio frequency switches, radio frequency antennas and relationship line products for the sub-6ghz frequency band in 5g, and in Samsung, Huaieng, vivo, Vivo,
The end-users, such as opo, are selling their production volumes. At the same time, the company has continued to innovate, and has launched a radio front end module product, which is one of the first companies to launch a radio frequency module in the country, for long-term sustainability of the company.
The radio frequency filter industry leads, the national production replacement space is vast, the filter business is steadily advancing. 2020.07.10 The filter is the main increase at the front end of the 5g radio frequency, and the global front end market for radio frequency 2020 will exceed 150 billion
Dollars, of which the filter market is more than $100 billion. In the 5g era, the use of radio filters has increased dramatically.
The company currently produces a large number of saw filters and actively invests in the development of the baw filters. As the world’s largest saw filter market, our supply is seriously inadequate and in the country.
The company, as the industry’s leader, will have an opportunity to develop in the face of the US trend to produce alternative, radio-frequency chips, and the company, as the leader of the domestic radio-frequency device, should be given a full margin of appreciation.
Prices, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. 1) Product R & D is not as expected; 2) market diffusion is not as expected; 3) customer outreach is not as good as expected.
The company released its semi-annual report for 2020, which achieved gross sales revenue of 998 million yuan in the first half of the year, representing an increase of 93.64 per cent in the same year; The net return profit increased significantly, to $353 million, an increase of 130.99 per cent in the same year.
The achievement of excellence has largely benefited from: On the one hand, companies seized on 5 g and alternative development opportunities for national production, continuously increasing their investment in innovation for research and development, continuously upgrading their core competitiveness and demonstrating the results of the transformation of core technologies.
On the other hand, companies have taken full advantage of the mobile terminal radio frequency (RF) field and have continued to advance their depth with customers. Figure 5: Māori rates for the company's main product. Māori rates have remained high, at 52.7 per cent in the first half of 2020, as a global area of radio frequency switches.
The fourth largest manufacturer, with excellent profitability, is better than leading firms like shoulderskyworks. 2. High-quality 5g customers, promising corporate development prospects, and with the arrival of 5g, more frequency bands and technologies have brought about a rapid increase in the value of the corresponding radio-frequency front end singles.
The largest operational plate at the front end of the radio frequency, and the amount of filters in the future, is expanding rapidly. According to Yole, in 2020, single high-end 4g mobile phones had a high radio front end chip value of $16.35, while the value of sub-6ghz5g and mmwave5g mobile phones was $32 and $38.5.
5g smartphones have a much higher radio front end value than a non-5g phone. In the 5g era, smart hands needed to receive more frequency range radio signals, and single radio front end values were rising to ensure the performance of the cell phone. Yole predicted that 5g low-frequency smartphones had a 32-dollar radio-frequency chip value and millimetre-wave cell phones.
U.S. dollars, the value of the radio front end chip in 5g mode is about double the value of the radio front end chip in 5g mode. And the skyworks predict that the 5g phone front end value is $25, well above the 18-dollar front end value of the 4g cell phone. Of this, the 5g cell filter will be 40 of the 4g cell phone.
3g and 4g mobile phones account for a larger share of the radio frequency (RF) value. The total filter value of the country’s roaming rite equipment is $7.15, higher than the value of the pa, switch and several times higher than the total radio frequency filter value of the typical 3g mobile phone.
Figure 8: China’s 5g mobile phone sales and penetration rates The company, as the leader of the domestic radio frequency industry, has excellent research and development capabilities and continuously optimizes its product lines and promotes new radio frequency technologies. Faced with the increasing penetration rate of 5g, the company has developed and launched a series of applications in 5g.
The sub-6ghz frequency low-noise amplifier, radio-frequency switches, radio antenna-relationling relationship line products, and their sales to end-users such as Samsung, Huaieng, vivo, and Opo. Meanwhile, companies have made innovative breakthroughs, and have introduced radio-frequency front-end module products, one of the first companies to launch a radio-frequency module in the country, for the company’s long term.
3. The RF filter industry is the leader of the industry, with a large national alternative space. The RF filter is the product with the highest output in all fields at the front end of the radio frequency, and according to resonant data, the filtration filter in 2020.
The market share of the front end of the radio frequency will be more than 50%. In terms of the value of the filter used at the front end of the radio frequency, it has been accompanied by an increase in the frequency range, with the filter ' s value at the front end of the radio frequency increasing. According to qorvo ' s projections, the filter ' s importance in the radio frequency device has become more visible, and the filter ' s value has increased from 33% of the 3g terminal to the whole network.
According to the China Industrial Information Network, the application of filters will increase one step by the age of 5g (especially the body sound filters), and the filters for single phones will be worth more than $10. The filters have gone beyond pa to become the most important part of the entire market for front-end RF modules.
Also according to resonant data, the market size at the front end of the radio frequency was about $22 billion in 2020 (equivalent to $153 billion) and the filter market was about $15 billion (equivalent to $104.3 billion). By 2025, the market size at the front end of the radio frequency would reach $40 billion and the market size at the bottom of the filter would be $28 billion.
Radio-frequency filters can be divided into surface-sound filters and body-sound filters, which are broken down into saw filters, tc-saw, i.h.p-saw (incrediblehighperformansaw). The body-sound filters are broken down into baw, fbar, xbar filters, etc.
Current filter technology includes the two main technical directions of the saw filter and the baw filter. The saw filter includes general saw, tc-saw, ihpsaw filter: baw filter includes general baw filter, fbar filter, xbar filter.
The saw filter is a filter element currently used on a large scale in consumer electronics, with lower cost and complexity, mainly for low-frequency communications. The baw filter is slightly higher and is used mainly for high-frequency communications. The leading players in the market are mainly murata, tdk, solar-induced taiyoyuden, skyworks, qorvo.
Five together account for about 95% of the world's share. Baw filters are widely recognized for their higher working frequency and power capacity. Of these, saw filters are more applied in the 4g area. In the 5gs, single crystals and multi-crystal baw filters.
The baw filters are used widely. Low power consumption, high isolation and cmos compatibility make them important instruments in the field of radio frequency communications. The baw market is dominated by broadcom-avago, which accounts for about 87% of the total, while the remaining manufacturers are qorvo and solar induction, tdk, etc.;
In general, the cost of the baw filter is higher than the cost of the saw filter, while the baw filter performance is significantly better than the saw filter in terms of temperature sensitivity, penetration of loss properties for frequency and broadband performance. To address temperature drift, tc-saw can achieve high temperature stability at lower cost and is widely applied in 4g.
Equipment. In the 5g era, when the frequency factor influences, the baw filter will be more applied to the terminal equipment. The filter is the main increase at the front end of the 5g radio frequency, and the global front end market of the radio frequency will be more than $150 billion, with the medium filter market exceeding $100 billion. In the 5g age, the use of the radio frequency filter will increase significantly, according to qorvo.
Data, 4g mobile filters are about 40, and 5g mobile phones are going to go up to 70. The company now has a large number of saw filters in production and actively invests in the development of the baw filter. As the world’s largest saw filter market, our supply is seriously inadequate, and under the trend of national substitution, radio-frequency chips to the United States, the company acts as a company.
(b) Industry poles will open up to development opportunities; 1) product R & D is not as expected; and (2) market diffusion is not as expected;
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report is based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author's professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.