The United States fined performance pressure, lightly reloaded to m-ict March 24, 2017, RMB 1 billion, an increase of 1.0 per cent; earned operating profits of RMB 1.17 billion.
Sun Yun-sun, RMB 173,49% lower than the previous year. Net losses include the impact of a US government fine of $892 million, such as the elimination of the aforementioned losses, which are attributed to listed companies.
In the United States, the penalty for the fall of the shoes was included in 2016: starting in March 2016, after a year of communication and coordination between the company and the relevant United States government departments, a settlement was reached on the company ' s violation of the United States Government export ban, for which the company paid $892 million.
Fines. Despite the large amount of fines, which negatively affect the performance of the company, the future development of the company in the medium to long term is expected: 1. The company is subject to export restrictions imposed by the U.S. Government, and all types of network equipment and terminal equipment products are no longer exposed to core chips.
Impediments: 2. The company classifies the total amount of losses accounted for in 2016 and the uncertainty of business development is eliminated, so that in 2017 the company will move forward with light loads, and the performance of the effort will be demonstrated; 3. In the course of the consultation on the incident, my Government
Great attention and support were given, and it was expected that after the punishment was completed, capital spending on the communications industry would remain relatively high, and that Pre-5g would be deployed with a lot of activity: three domestic operators each announced a capital spending plan for the current year.
About 31 billion dollars a year. We're optimistic about this result: 1. A relative drop is slightly higher than the increase in investment in the network and the additional investment in the towers, with an industry-wide increase of tens of billions; 3. With the 5g standard ahead of schedule, the world has increased its 5g network.
Deployment enthusiasm may allow operators to increase their investment in the Pre-5g network; 4. Considering that the mix-up will be completed this year, and that the new access to additional funds will likely result in additional investment in the network to close the gap with mobility.
Expenditures are still in relative swings, and the boom will continue as a core supplier of communications network equipment. On the day of the election, China will elect a new president of the company.
Communications: Breaking through, sanctions, executive directors of communications, 20 years old, are the most suitable candidates in terms of management experience, industry understanding, and industry reputation. Companies will continue with broadband at the core of 5g,
Routers, big data, ptn, wdm, otn, pon, iptv, multimedia 2.
Strategic and continued strong competition in the global market. Profit forecasting and investment proposal: In a downward communications network cycle, companies need Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already have a portfolio investment advisory.