If the loss is eliminated, the net profit for the company is $3.83 billion, an increase of 19.2 per cent.
Management changes are completed, and there is a sense of commitment to the future. In the meantime, the Director-General's appointment as the President of the Middle East and the Director-General's role is distinguished, further improving the corporate governance structure will facilitate checks and balances in major corporate decision-making, and will help to make corporate governance more transparent and regulated.
To remove uncertainty about future development, and to maintain a strong profitability. China will settle with the US through a one-time fine to eliminate the adverse effects of US export restrictions on China’s booming economy.
After deducting the penalty factor, the net profit to the mother was $3.82 billion, an increase of 19.24 per cent. The Department announced that the performance for the first quarter was over-expected, with a projected net profit of $1.15 billion to $1.25 billion, strong business development and greater profitability. This punitive event objectively accelerated the course of change in the middle, through an organizational structure,
A series of changes in business processes, people, are expected to create a new dynamic of compliance, health, and trust. As a 5g pioneer, the full distribution of communications in China is bound to fully benefit from the 5g dividend. In terms of the R & D layout, China is planning to invest $2 billion in R & D in 2016-2018, with about 1,000 key 5gs.
In terms of product release, China introduced the Pre5g concept three years ago, and has distributed a series of products. In terms of commercial landings, China is working with a wide range of mainstream global operators, and many tests have been initiated or planned.
The end business strategy will be reoriented to focus on the good items, or the business will be warm. The end business will adopt a new strategic focus on the good products, using “technology” “simplified” as a brand tone, further taping the market potential of the end in operators and the political and business networks, and significantly expanding the mobile phone business, which is expected to warm back in 2017.
The company continues to pursue the “m-ict” strategy, deep-farming the operator market, focusing on the three main areas of the network of operators, government, consumers, and active layout networking, silicon light, 5g, among others, assuming that the rate of Māori in the network of operators is stable at around 39.50 per cent;
Assumption 2: stable capital spending by our operators in 2017 and a steady increase in market space; Assumption 3: Restructured management, consumer business is a corporate governance priority and performance may improve significantly, based on the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-business income for companies in 2017-2019 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.