Three Gorges Energy (600905) Utilities New Energy Power Generating Larger, Maritime Wind Leader, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: the company published its semi-annual report for 2021, which generated revenues of $7.89 billion in the first half of 2021, an increase of 39.9 per cent in the same year; net profit returns of $3.27 billion in the same year, an increase of 57.6 per cent in the same year; net profits of $3.29 billion in the same year in the form of deductions of non-returned mothers, an increase of 32.9 per cent in the same year, of which q2 generated revenues of $4.07 billion in the same year.
As of 30 June 2021, the total capacity of the company had reached 16,437,000 kW. Of this: 94,11,000 kW of wind power (1,487,000 kW of offshore wind power).
The company has a total installed capacity of 5.228 million kilowatts, including 4.5 million kilowatts for wind and wind and 2.64 million kilowatts for wind and wind, and 1.64 million kilowatts for wind and photovoltaic projects.
With the launch of the construction projects under way, it will further increase the size of the company’s new energy loader.
Financial + resource + technological combinations are of high quality. The tri-gorge group is a controlling shareholder of the company, and since the merger of the company into the tri-gorge group, the tri-gorge group has increased its support to the company on several occasions. In the first half of 2021, the company was replenished.
The company, as a high-quality company, is strong in capital, low-cost in financing, and has access to financing. Since the development of the offshore wind, the company has been actively exploring new sources of energy.
With the technological innovation of offshore wind power, and taking advantage of its technological advantages, we have implemented many of our first offshore wind power projects, which have been rated as “holding” for the first time, taking into account the company's adequate project reserves and the high level of average profit from offshore wind power.
Company Profile: New Energy Operations under the Three Gorges Group, New Energy Operations under the Three Gorges Group, New Energy Operations under the Three Gorges Group, New Energy Operations Strategy under the Three Channels Group, around the Windy Three Gorges and the Sea Wind Leaders.
In September 1985, the company ' s predecessor, China Water Development Corporation, was established; in December 1999, the company was decoupled from the Ministry of Water and Water and transferred to the State Council without charge; in December 2008, the public division was incorporated into the Chinese Yangjiang San Gorge Group Ltd. as its wholly-owned subsidiary; in June 2010, the company changed its name to China ' s Three Gorges.
In June of that year, a total change in the establishment of the Consort (China Three Gorges New Energy Co. Ltd.) was completed and successfully listed on the Shanghai Exchange on 10 June 2021.The company was effectively controlled by the Chinese Yangjiang Three Gorge Group Ltd., which was directly linked to the Tri Gorge Group as of 30 June 2021
The tri-gorge group has been identified as a major strategy for countries such as the proactive economic development of the Yangtze River and the “one-way” initiative, which has led to engineering and consultancy, electricity production and operation, river basin stairwelling and integrated management, international energy investment and contracting, eco-environmental investment and operation, new energy development and management, capital and financial operations,
Asset management and base services are the eight main operational blocks. The tri-gorge group has grown over 20 years and has become the world's largest hydropower development and operation enterprise and the country's largest clean energy consortium, operating in 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities, as well as in more than 40 countries and territories around the world.
State-owned shareholders: As of 30 June 2021, three of the top ten shareholders in the company were State-owned shareholders: the tri-gorge group, the hydro-power advisory committee, the semen capital, the tri-gorge capital, the capital of the capital, the capital of the capital of the capital city and the energy of the river.
The company’s main business is wind, solar energy development, investment, and operation. From the company’s entry into the new energy generation sector, the installed capacity has grown rapidly, and the size of the company’s power generation project has grown rapidly from 143,000 kilowatts at the end of 2008 to the end of 2020. As at 30 June 2021, the company’s total installed capacity amounted to 1643.7 kilowatts, of which 16,337 kilowatts were: wind and power.
With 941.1 million kilowatts (of which 148.7 million kilowatts are offshore) and 6.798 kilowatts (of which 29.36 million kilowatts are offshore), and 722,000 kilowatts are photovoltaic. The company has significantly increased the size of its new energy loading units, which cover 30 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under its control.
The first new energy company team. In the first half of 2021, the company completed 16,328 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generation, an increase of 44.00 per cent over the same period. Of these, 11,513 million kilowatt-hours of wind power were generated, an increase of 46.59 per cent over the same year; and 4,598 million kilowatt-hours of photovoltaic power, a figure of 11,356 million kilowatt-hours of wind-connected electricity, and 4,441 million kilowatt-hours of photovoltaic-connected electricity from the current period.
Volume contributions are dominated by wind power. 1.3 Income continues to grow, with higher profitability The size of companies installed on grids has increased and the scale of revenues has continued to rise: with the size of companies installed on wind power and photovoltaic power.
Growing power generation and increased access to electricity have led to a sustained increase in corporate operating income. Corporate growth in 2017-2020 was mainly due to the loss of corporate assets and the decline in investment earnings. Overall, as the number of wind power, photovoltaic units operated by companies online increased over the years, the amount of electricity on the Internet grew, and income and profit levels continued to rise.
One billion yuan, a 57.6 per cent increase in the same year; three hundred and ninety-nine million yuan, a 32.9 per cent increase in the same year, were realized, of which q2 received $4.07 billion, a 37.1 per cent increase in the same year; and 1.78 billion yuan, a 63.1 per cent increase in the same year, was realized, mainly as a result of new wind surges, PV projects being connected to the grid, with increased electricity on the Internet and higher Māori-led revenues and profits from wind power.
At the same time, as the country gradually tackles the problem of new energy consumption, the rate of drop-out from the wind in the provinces and municipalities has declined each year, companies have increased their average hourly use of wind power generation and photovoltaic power generation, increased the amount of electricity on the Internet and reduced the unit cost of power generation, companies have a large combined Māori ratio, the larger size of the loan has resulted in higher interest costs per year, and the successful listing of the market for equity financing has not taken place.
The financial costs of coming companies are expected to decrease, and the cost rates are expected to decrease over the period.2 Achieving the double carbon target, the size of new energy generation engines is expected to leapfrog, planning targets 2.1 are in place, and energy structures are undergoing accelerated transformation
In September 2020, President Xi Jinping announced at the seventy-fifth session of the United Nations General Assembly that his country would achieve carbon peaks by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2060. Subsequently, President Xi announced carbon peak carbon neutrals and targets at the Climate Summit, with a commitment that by 2030 China's gross domestic product (GDP) per unit of carbon dioxide emissions would be lower than in 2005.
Over 65% drop, non-fossil energy as a share of primary energy consumption will reach about 25%, forest accumulation will increase by 6 billion cubic metres over 2005 and total installed capacity of wind power and solar power will reach over 1.2 billion kilowatts. Then, for the first time in the year, the Central Economic Work Session included “Carbon peaks, carbon neutrality” in its focus, and it was suggested that the development of a new year should be urgently pursued by 2030.
A carbon-emissions-upgrading programme, which supports leadership where conditions exist. To speed up the process of optimizing the industrial structure and energy structure, promote the early peaking of coal consumption, vigorously develop new energy sources, speed up the construction of a national energy and carbon trading market, and improve the dual control of energy consumption.
As can be seen, China has set the goal of “3060” to demonstrate its direction and determination to accelerate the energy transition. According to China’s carbon accounting database (ceads), in 2017, China’s total carbon emissions accounted for fossil energy consumption.
The share of life is more than 70 per cent, including energy consumption from electricity generation and heating, transport, construction, etc., while the share of carbon emissions from the electricity generation and heating industries is about 44 per cent, so that the transformation of the energy structure will lead to a fundamental reduction in carbon emissions, an increase in the electrification of industries, the replacement of traditional fossil energy sources such as coal, oil and so on, and the elimination of electricity generation.
Energy consumption to clean energy (wind, light) is the most immediate and efficient means. 2.2 By the wind of energy reform, wind photovoltaics are expected to grow at a high rate. 2020-2030.
By 2030, non-fossil energy accounted for about 25 per cent of primary energy consumption, with a total capacity of more than 1.2 billion kilowatts for wind solar power generation and a combined capacity of 530 million kilowatts for wind power and photovoltaic power in 2020, which were calculated as 8.5 per cent for the period 2020-2030.
3 wind-fired power generation goes hand in hand, and the scale effect of 3.1 new energy loadings continues to increase. The company ' s new energy loading and generation levels have been at the forefront of the industry: 2017-2020, the company ' s wind-power capacity.
Billions of kWh, 11,280 million kWh, 12,577 million kWh and 15,755 million kWh: 252.4 kWh, 3,299,000 kWh, 4,319,000 kWh and 651 kWh respectively, with photovoltaic power generation of 2.92 billion kWh, 3.62 billion kWh, 5.41 billion kWh and 6.65 billion kWh respectively.
The rates were 4.9 per cent, 4.7 per cent, 5 per cent and 5.2 per cent respectively, with the combined share of the domestic market of wind power + photovoltaic power generation, 7.9 per cent respectively, and 3.2 first-in-time offshore wind power distribution offices, leading maritime wind power.
As one of the country's first-ever offshore wind surges, the wind and wind reserves are among the highest in the country. Companies actively deploy the offshore wind and power project, which, at the end of the first half of 2021, is already operating at a capacity of 1,497 million kilowatts, with an estimated 2.94 million kilowatts in construction, with industry ranked first, accounting for all the sea wind and wind in the country.
About 20% of the construction is already under way in four provinces along the coast, including Jiangsu, Liaoning, Fujian, and Guangdong. According to the Chairman of the Tri-Firth Group, Lei Mingshan, it is expected that by the end of 2021 the Tri-Firth Group will produce more than 4.2 million kilowatts of offshore wind power, which will be the leading sea wind power developer in the country and globally.
After the company was listed, the bulk of the funds raised was invested in seven approved offshore wind projects, totalling 2.52 million kilowatts, which, with the commissioning of these projects, will further increase the size of the company's offshore wind installed machines, the advances in wind technology benefiting from wind power and the good wind resources in the sea.
3.3 Financial + Resource + Technology Integration Capabilities Quality Financial advantages: As a high-quality firm, strong, low-cost finance and easy access to finance. Corporate assets are at a lower level of debt than industry, with a higher amount of credit, and greater scope for follow-up financing that can adequately meet project development
Resource advantages: The shareholders in the company are the Changjiang Gorge Group Ltd. of China, which is the largest single-power company in the area of clean energy. Since the incorporation of the company into the tri-gorge group, the tri-gorge group has increased its funding and support to the company on several occasions. In the first half of 2021, the company took advantage of its resources to the fullest, working with Gilling, Chongqing, Hunan, Fujian, Liaoning.
Regional local governments and grid companies have entered into cooperative agreements to reserve a pool of new and high-quality energy resources. Ocean wind technology advantages: companies have a significant advantage in industry technology and influence. Focus on land-based wind power, photovoltaics, offshore wind power co-development and regional balanced layouts.
The company actively explores innovations in offshore wind technology and implements a number of high-quality offshore wind projects. The first offshore offshore wind projects were built in Jiangsu, and the first sea-up stations, such as 220 kV volts, were built in Asia, with the first 220 kV three-beam cable in the country.
The first offshore wind power project in the north-east of the country was completed in the Dalian River, where it was approved and started, and the first domestic ice-resistant cone to design the wind engine base. In Jiangsu-dong, the wind power project achieved the first sea wind power high voltage softness in the country.
Model applications for direct transmission of electricity, while also facilitating the process of production of new valves, submarine cables, control protection systems, and sea-to-sea swap platforms. At the Guangdong Yangtze Sandble offshore wind farm, the basic design is continuously optimized, taking into account geological conditions, and the first successful application of large diameter single-site bases in the Guangdong Sea.
The first coverage was rated as “possession” given the company's adequate project reserves and the average rate of return on offshore wind power. Construction works were not as high as expected: new energy projects, particularly offshore wind power, involved civil, electrical, marine engineering.
At the same time, poor subcontracting may result in sub-contracting and sub-contracting in violation of the law and in the quality of the construction of the project.
Risks of change in renewable energy subsidy policy: The country is currently actively promoting affordable Internet access and wind power, the competitive allocation of photovoltaic resources, and the gradual downside of renewable energy subsidies will not have an impact on company stock projects, but will place higher demands on new company project development, which may adversely affect company production operations if firms fail to respond effectively.
Industrial policy risks: A major change in future wind and photovoltaic industrial policies could create market competition risks for firms' production: wind and photovoltaic firms compete to a large extent for high-quality power generation resources. If competition in future markets increases further, it may lead to further difficulties for companies in accessing quality project resources, which may lead to more competition for high-quality project resources.
The reduction in the number of corporate project developments has led to a reduction in the competitiveness of the company ' s market; and, under the rules of competitive allocation, a competitive approach to low-price competition by competing parties could lead to a lower-priced project resource acquisition by firms, which in turn would result in a lower rate of return on new and increased projects affecting the overall profitability of the company.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.