Performance meets expectations, business portfolios are growing robustly (for the first time): companies issued mid-2023 performance announcements: companies realized revenue in the first half of 2023
On the basis of the crdmo/ctdmo business model, five major plates have maintained robust growth: the company’s 500 million revenues, 37 per cent growth in the same year after the elimination of the new crown project, and a further increase in its share of corporate income, amounting to 1) the wuxichemistry:crdmo integrated business model driven high growth in 2023.
2023h1, the chemical operations section achieved revenue of 13.47 billion yuan, an increase of 3.8 per cent over the same year, the elimination of the new champions, and a strong 36.1 per cent increase in income over the same year, of which 1) the small molecule drug discovery (r) now generated revenue of 3.80 billion yuan, an increase of 8.57 per cent over the same year, with 120 molecules transformed over the past year.
This represents an increase of 21 per cent and constitutes an important “flow entrance” for downstream operations; 2) process R & D & Production (d&m) phase, 301 clinical phase II projects, 2403 clinical phase I and preclinical projects. 2) wuxitesting: laboratory analysis and testing are steadily growing and clinical operations are growing and returning.
The relative depth of 300 shows a return. 2023h1, wuxitesting achieved revenues of $3.09 billion, an increase of 18.7 per cent in the same year, of which 1) laboratory analysis and testing revenue of $2.25 billion, an increase of 18.8 per cent in the same year, and drug safety evaluation.
Revenues increased by 24 per cent over the same period, reinforcing corporate security leadership; 2) Clinical coro and smo revenue increased by 850 million yuan, or 18.3 per cent over the same period. Of this, Smo ' s business income increased by 34.3 per cent over the same period, maintaining the Chinese industry ' s leading position; clinical coro clients obtained eight clinical trial batches; and
Three listing applications were submitted. 3) wuxibiology: The biological services related to the new molecule type have continued to grow. 20231, wuxi biology has achieved an income of 1.230 billion yuan, an increase of 13.0 per cent over the same period.
A strong 51% growth in the same year, contributing 25.4% of the revenue from the biological business, company dna coded hundreds of millions, 6,000 unique molecular staircases, 35,000 molecular blocks. As an important “flow entrance” to the company's downstream operations, the early biodiscovery platform contributed more than 20% to the company in the first half of the year.
4) wuxiatu: ctdmo business models drive growth. 20231, wuxiatu achieves the company ' s continuous enhancement of the cell and gene therapy ctdmo service platform, providing process development, detection and production services for a total of 69 projects, including 7 clinical ii phase projects (2 of them)
The project is in the process of reviewing listing applications, 2 projects are in the preparation stage of listing applications), 10 clinical ii projects, and 52 pre-clinical and clinical i projects. (5) wuxiddsu: business will be upgraded in 2023 to enable higher levels of innovation among Chinese clients.
2023h1, wuxiddsu achieved revenue of 340 million yuan, a 24.9 per cent decline compared to the previous year.
There is a certain impact on performance during the period. Companies are expected to achieve robust annual income growth and cash flows are expected to continue to prosper: 2023h1 operating blocks are expected to grow at an equal rate of income, influenced by the global investment environment and the 2022 high base for the new crown project
The relative slowdown, with the continued improvement of the global investment financing environment in the second half of the year, has led to a rise in corporate drug discovery, testing, and revenue. Thanks to the company’s unique crdmo and ctdmo business model, and its rising asset utilization and operating efficiency, the company’s free cash flow in 2023 will continue to be positive and predictable.
Investment proposals: The company continuously optimizes and exploits business synergies across platforms and accelerates globalization, continuously strengthens the company's unique and integrated crdmo+ctdmo business model, and produces this report independently and objectively from the following: “I am committed to producing this report in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.