wooxiapptec (603259ch) buy (maintain) targetprice
1h23revenueoflamb18,871mn, up6.3% yoy, and (previoustp rmb110.69)
Attributablerecurringnetincomeofmb4,761mn, up23.7% yoy, withattributable up/downside adjustednon-ifrsnetincoumed 45-52%offull-yearestimats
And consensusestimates, whichalsofellinsaveragehistoricalrange.non-ifrs chinahethcare grosprofitmargin(gpm)iprovedby 3.4 pptto41.6% whillenon-ifrsnetprofit
jiiiwu, cfa margincreasedby2.8pptto27.0%in1h23, drivenbyfavorablecurrence exchangerates and continuouslyimprovedatingeffiency.excluding
I'm not sure what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
13-14% yoy (from12-14% yoy) in 2023e, indicating management's connectionthecompanyonough theoughmacroenviron.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
@segmentacceleratedquarter-by-quarterin1h23 with+51.6% yoyin2q23vs +21.8% yoyin1q23 (bothexpluting commercial covid-19 projects).
~rb1.5breadyrecognizedin1h23.wethinktheströggrowdhofon-shareholdstructure covidrevereverefedotherbustdemanfromthecompany'sextensiveand
- Balancedbaseamid thetemporarilychallengingfinancingenvironmentin globalpharmarciautolindustry.
I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
You're not going to be able to do that, you're not going to do it, you're not going to do it, you're not going to do it, you're not going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it, you're going to do it.
I meanfulfuturerevenuefromthe and erservicesforablockbusterdual-taggered 12-mthpriceperformance (rm)
603259chcomp (rebased) glp-1product.wearepositiveonthecompany'scompetencytheglobal peptidemarkettocapturethecomingweight-losmarketportunity, based
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, but I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to get to the next.
Ifnomajoor Changeinforignexchange2h23e, gpmcoudbentainedatabove 40% for 2023e, accordingtomanage.
Werevisedourtpfromrmb110.69ttomb116.73, basedona 10-yeardcfmodelwithwaccof 11.57% and terminalgrodhof3.0%.we
Forestwuxiapptec'srevenuetogrrowby 6.1%/28.8%/ 25.8% yooyand 24e/25e, actively. earlyningssummary
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlydirectordirected, relaidtothspefifectviewsextatanallypressed by report. besides, theanalystconfirstrhatneothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedthecodeofconduced by thehonkongsecurities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
It's not like I've been working on it, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycmbigm outperform mark-perform
"underperform cm internationalglobalmalketslimited cm internationalglobalmalmätslimited" ("cmbigm") iawholnyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, nyinvesssale uncenterandantegueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceonthe performanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderingassessoleverablemarketactors. andbigmcommendsthataverssssouldentlyvalulatepartualintureinvestments.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection, point-of-viewanalytical methodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something like this, but we're going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about, either.
Thealysisnotsubject toapplicableresductionsunderfundinrules indicatedtoentaintyattheanalystisnotaffetedbypotentiaconfactorsointerestthatcourdbackofothereliabilityofothersreport.thisreportis infedfordedforstoritionsstately "majorusitutionalinvestors", asdefininedinrule15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this, but I'm going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know, singarecipients should contact & bisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconventionwithotherport.