A steady growth under a high base and a sustained increase in profitability Events: The mid-2023 report by Pharmacy Condt. Business income of $18.870 billion was realized in the first half of 2023.
Business efficiency and profitability are continuously being optimized. During the first half of 2023, companies achieved a sustained increase in profitability driven by improved utilization and efficiency of \triangleright; the cost for the period was 9.6 per cent (-).
In the first half of 2023, the company’s five major silos \triangleright
Practice No.: s150012107036, as follows: 1) Chemistry: Income of 13.47 billion (+3.8%) was realized, of which d&m-related thiram and oligonaic acid, etc., earned 1.33 billion yuan. 2)Texting: Income of 3.09 billion
(+18.7%) of which 2.25 billion (+18.8%) were earned by laboratory analysis and testing services, 24% by single assessment operations, 850 million (+18.3%) by clinical coro and smo, 51% by single smo related income, and 25.4% by biological income) Atu: total
Two new drugs developed by the company for its clients were marketed, and the first sales were split in the second quarter of 2023, leading to a breakthrough from 0 to 1, and the company is expected to gain access to an integrated platform to support long-term development.
The crdmo, ctdmo business model is improving and in 2023 h1, clients using multi-brand services contributed $17.33 billion (up from 37% after the new crowning order was removed), which represents a high proportion of corporate income.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing. Risk factors: increased competition in the industry, declining demand for research and development and outsourcing in the pharmaceutical industry, \triangleright in the country.
International policy risks, new business expansion, etc., are not as high as expected. Steaming, team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai University of Transport, worked clinically at ppccHansen and paraexel, joining the Sinda Securities in 2021 to study the cxo industry.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
Wu Xin, member of the team, Master of Biomedical Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, joined the Sindam Portfolio in April 2022 for research on medical devices and Chinese tablets, Zhao Shuang, member of the team, B.A. in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Mellon University, 2 years of experience in securities practice, 2022 for work in the trades of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.