Pharmacy 603259 company review report 01/08/2023 Regular cdmo business growth, ddsu business progress
• The semi-annual report for 2023 was evaluated by Pharmacy Condé recently published its semi-annual report for 2023: 2023h1 achieved revenue of 18.870 billion a share in the liquidity unit (millions of shares):
The crdmo and ctdmo business models were very strong, and ddsu entered the harvest period Sub-operations: chemical business revenue was close to 13.5 billion (year-on-year + 4 per cent), of which services from process R & D and production (d&m) were close to 9.7 billion (year-on-year + 2 per cent); specific commercial production projects were eliminated and d&m earned the same income
Of these, 56 were commercial projects, 59 were clinical iii phase, 301 were clinical ii phase, i was clinical and 2403 preclinical projects. Nearly 3.1 billion (year-on-year + 19%) were tested, of which less than 2.3 billion (year-on-year + 19%) were used for laboratory analysis and testing services, and clinical coro and smo were paid.
Nearly 900 million (year + 18 per cent) have increased by 24 per cent over the same period in drug safety evaluation operations. Bibliology operations collects. 2023H1 bio-business plate new molecule species and biopharmaceutical-related revenues have increased strongly over the same period.
Quarterly report points: The growth in performance was in line with expectations, and the major operations were steadily and fast, with a 29 per cent increase in hand orders at the end of the year. A total of 69 projects were served, including 10 clinical pilot projects, and 7 clinical pilot projects (two of them were in the process of being approved for listing).
Two projects are in the preparatory stage for listing in 2022.
In the second quarter of the year, the company obtained a share of the revenue from its first customer sales, a breakthrough from 0 to 1.
A clinical trial batch (cta). At present, the company has cumulatively completed the ind declaration of 184 projects for its clients and obtained cta of 155 projects, of which 2 have been issued for listing, 2 are in the application phase, and 5 clinical iii projects, 30 clinical ii projects and 70
The company's unique crdmo and ctdmo business model can efficiently meet the growing number of clients worldwide.
In 2023, the company is expected to achieve a year-round increase in the volume of orders and production capacity that does not deliver the expected risks; the industry is not as well as the expected risks; the author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and is committed to doing so independently and objectively.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.