Medicines Unit (603259.sh) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1. " Pharmacy Companion Review: Sustained Performance and Steady Efficacy " , adjusting the net profit of non-ifrs to mothers by 2,753 million yuan (+22.4 per cent).
Integrated crdmo/ctdmo business models drive sustained growth. In the first half of 2023, companies generated $17.33 billion in revenue from clients using multi-sector services, representing a share of total revenue.
92% of them achieved a strong 37% increase in the year when the new crown commercialization project was eliminated. In the service line, small molecules added 583 molecules, cumulatively 2,819 molecules, pre-clinical and clinical stage projects, 10 clinical stage projects and 7 clinical period periods.
In addition, two new drugs in the ddsu project were approved and received a share of the proceeds of the first customer’s sale.
Growing and deepening the client base to ensure the stability and resilience of the company’s performance.
Thirty-eight percent, 47 percent more than the same year when the new crown commercialization project was eliminated. Client loyalty was high, with 1h23 earning $18.65 billion and 30 percent more after the new crown commercialization project.
The diversified clientele make up the guaranteed stability of the company’s performance and the free cash flow that continues to grow, with sustained investment in productive capacity and technology. They benefit from the company’s unique crdmo and ctdmo business model, as well as from the increasing use of assets.
Rates and efficiency of operations have reached $2.93 billion in free cash flows (+550.08%) in the first half of 2023, a year-on-year positive and strong growth. Companies will continue to invest in new production & capacity-building to improve their core competitiveness.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Risk of demand decline, risk of policy change, risk of increased competition in industry, risk of overseas regulation, risk of loss of core skilled personnel, exchange rate risk, etc.
Chemical operations (wuxichemistry): Integrated crdmo business models drive sustained growth, new molecular business continues to spread, integrated crdmo business models expand and continue to drive performance growth.
Block 2q23 achieved revenue of 7.03 billion yuan (+2.6 per cent) and 1h23 generated revenue of 13.47 billion yuan (+3.8 per cent); the first half of the year benefited mainly from favourable combinations and efficiency gains, in addition to exchange rate effects.
Clear, the income of the plate is held down on a high base. The 1h23 income of the wuxichemistry business block, after the graduation of the new crown commercialization project, increased by 36.1% over the same period, attesting to the ability of the chemical business block to grow beyond the new crown commercialization project, and is expected to generate a steady growth momentum for the future.
A total of 8 new projects, including commercialization and clinical phase 111. There are currently a cumulative total of 2,819 corporate d&m pipelines, 56 medium commercialization projects and 59 clinical iii phase projects. New molecular operations (tides) continue to be used, with strong growth in hand orders.
The current income was $1.33 billion (+37.9 per cent); as at the end of June, Tides had experienced a strong increase of 188 per cent in hand orders over the same period, and it was expected that Tides Testing (wuxitting): the analytical and test operations continued to grow, with the clinical operations fully resumed Laboratory Analysis and Testing operations driven by sustained growth. In terms of performance, the wuxitting business block 2q23 achieved revenue
Billion yuan (+26.1%); 1h23 adjusted non-ifrs Māori rate of 37.8% (+2.2pts). From a breakdown of operations, laboratory analysis and testing operations earned $2.25 billion (+18.8%), of which drug safety evaluation income increased by 24% from the same year, maintaining industry leadership in the Asia-Pacific security assessment business. Clinical & ssmo operations earned 450 million yuan (+29.6%).
In the first half of the year, the company’s clinical helper clients were granted eight clinical trial batches, as well as three roll-out applications; the Smo operation has helped 25 products to be marketed, providing efficient capacity for customers, and is expected to maintain steady growth in the future.
Biology (wuxibiology): The contribution of new molecule types is prominent, the early detection and integration screening platform is a fast-growing business for companies that continue to attract new molecule types, and the world ' s leading technology platform is on track to deliver.
The number of clients and projects served by the Nucleic Acid New Molecular Platform continues to increase, with the cumulative number of service clients exceeding the number of clients.
Over 110, more than 700 projects have been successfully delivered since 2021. A comprehensive screening platform provides multi-dimensional technology and capabilities to sustain the flow of company downstream operations. A comprehensive screening platform for early detection has been developed to integrate multi-technology and multi-dimensional database analysis capabilities such as hts/del/asms/fbddd/cadd, which provide a wide range of clients with extensive and multi-dimensional capabilities.
Home, there are more than 90 billion molecules in del compounds, 6,000 unique molecular supports, 35,000 molecular blocks, and multiple special functions, such as a pool of target dynasty/commodity compounds/double function molecules/rings. At the end of the business, a combination screening of platform plates has contributed more than 20% of new customers to the company in the first half of the year, achieving the "diplomatic" function.
cgtctdmo operations (wuxiatu): integrated ctdmo business models drive growth, managed ctdmo business models drive business growth. In terms of performance, wuxiatu business block 2q23 achieved revenue of $390 million (+5.6%); adjusted non-ifrs Maori rate - 5.7% (+1.3pts). wuxiatu is profitable.
After a short period of pressure, a gradual improvement in the area was achieved, and the profitability of the wuxiatu industry was expected to increase further as the operating base in Shanghai was gradually restored. Pipelines continued to expand, and commercialization projects were expected.
52 pre-clinical and clinical stage projects, 10 clinical stage projects, 7 clinical stage projects (two of which are in the process of validation of listing applications and two in the preparation stage of listing applications). In addition, company help clients complete a fda listing permit (bla) for a project that will become the world ' s first innovative oncological lymphocyte therapy (til); and
Help clients complete a slow-virus carrier (lvvv) project for car-t cell therapy, and become the first cgtcdmo in China to be verified by cfdi1lvv registered site. The company expects their products to be approved in the second half of 2023.
Starting production in the first half of 2024: completion of a technology transfer for the production of heavy-pound commercialized car-t products is expected to enter commercial production following approval of fda in the second half of 2024.
Business proactive upscaling combined with falling domestic customer demand continues to affect portfolio performance. In terms of performance, the wuxiddsu portfolio achieved revenues of 180 million yuan (-17.9 per cent) and 1h23 $340 million (-24.9 per cent); and 1h23 has been revised to consider performance weights as the result of the continuing impact of corporate business proactive upscaling and falling demand from Chinese clients.
The sales share achieved a breakthrough of zero to one, with future increases in speed. 2023 received the first new drug developed for sale by a client, one for new coronary infections and one for tumours.
Reduction in demand risk, policy change risk, increased industry competition risk, overseas regulatory risk, loss of core skilled personnel, clearance of more services Analysis of relevant reporting ratings in the market