A rapid growth in regular operations and a breakthrough in ddsu operations was achieved on 31st of 2023 net profit of $476,108.26 million from non-recurring gains and losses on shareholders of listed companies, a year-on-year increase
Income from the study business was $123,26354,000, an increase of 13.02 per cent over the same period; revenue from the cytology and gene therapy ctdmo operation was $71,362.69 million, an increase of 15.96 per cent over the same period; and from the development of new medicines in the country, the chemical industry was growing on a year-on-year basis, and the company was involved in the development and production of chemical medicines.
There are 583 new molecules; cumulatively, 2,819 d&m tubes, including 56 commercialization projects, 59 clinical iii phase projects and 301 clinical ii phase projects. In addition, company chemical operations have achieved a 36.1 per cent increase in corporate performance as a whole after specific commercialization projects have been eliminated.
The growth is in line with expectations, with companies growing on a par in chemical operations, testing operations, biological operations, and cytogenesis and therapy ctdmo. ddsu’s sales share of revenue achieved a breakthrough from 0 to 1 and is expected to continue contributing to the company’s performance.
In the first half of 2023, two new drugs developed for clients by the National Department of New Medicines Development and Development Services (ddsu) were marketed, one for oral antiviral innovations and the other for tumours. In the second quarter of 2023, the share of income sold by clients was from zero to one, and the share of income sold over the next 10 years.
It is expected that more than 50% of the compound acceleration will be achieved. During the reporting period, ddsu completed an ind declaration for a total of 12 projects and obtained 11 clinical trial batches (cta).
In total, the ind declaration process for 184 projects was completed and 155 projects were successfully awarded cta, 2 of which were already on the market and 2 projects were in the application stage.
The 2022 Annual Report Review, “Long-end” strategy continues to be introduced, with more than 100 projects in the clinical stage, covering multiple disease areas. ddsu is actively advancing as a single, core business driving high annual performance growth — 2023-
The clients have developed 17 new molecular-type projects, some of which have been submitted to the Ind and more are expected to be submitted in the course of the year.
In the third quarter of 2022, the report reported a strong performance in the third quarter of the year, with a significant increase in the number of customers and a steady increase in market penetration.
In terms of the number of clients, more than 600 new clients were added in the first half of 2023, and the number of active users of the company accumulated over 6,000. In terms of the growth rate of the number of orders, the company grew by 25% on the basis of the number of selected commercialized items, with Tides doing business increasing by 188% on the basis of the income.
82.87 per cent; revenue from the United States region reached $12.37 billion, and revenue from sector clients increased by 6 per cent from the same year when selected commercialization projects were eliminated, to $1,048 million. According to the income structure of both old and new clients, the company ' s former clients earned $18.65 billion, and the same amount after selected commercial production projects were eliminated.
A 30% increase in revenue from new clients of $220 million and 99% of income from former clients reflects the firm’s strong customer stickyness. The company’s “long-end” strategy, which continues to increase its market penetration, provides strong support for the growth of corporate performance.
The platform's advantages are evident in the fact that the cxo industry relies on orders to drive performance growth, companies have ample orders, financial statements and financial indicators
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.