On 25 October 2024, the company issued its three-quarter report for 2024, the shortage of which led to a decrease in the start-up rate, and the industry was generally under pressure at the bottom of the profit cycle.
In keeping with the strategy of integration, the Māori rate continues to lead the way, and companies continue to promote the integration and downgrading of the electrolyte supply chain, steadily upgrading the core materials.
The self-supply ratio, the self-supply ratio of lithium hexafluorate and lifsi is more than 97%, the company ' s electrolyte and Maori rates remain industry leaders. In the positive material business, companies have increased their sales of iron phosphate by 67% on a year-on-year basis, sales earnings by 21% on a year-on-year basis, and phosphate products.
Continued release will further enhance the horizontal layout of firm positive materials and construct a competitive advantage in corporate integration costs. In addition, companies are actively promoting resource recycling projects, which now have the highest/minimum price from mineral extraction within 52 weeks.
- Smelting-purified lithium carbonate and recycling operations around lithium phosphate batteries to achieve efficient resource use.
Xu Jinfu has accelerated the process of overseas business development, and several overseas destination projects are in the middle of a pilot phase and are well under way, and overseas factories are being built in an orderly fashion.
The Quessas annual production of 200,000 tons of electrolyte and the Moroccan Lithium Batteries Integration Project were established to ensure global business expansion and market competitiveness, expected to be completed in 26 years to meet overseas market demand after 26 years.
Clients send demand to further upgrade new projects in line with efficiency and quality of service. New materials are actively distributed to continuously improve core competitiveness. Companies actively work with research institutions such as downstream industrial chains and institutions of higher learning, with emphasis on promotion.
In addition, the company focuses on developing new materials such as glue and battery-structured glue, new product development, new customer outreach, cost control, etc.
There have been significant improvements in efficiency. The glue on the edge of the glue product has been tested by a number of battery manufacturers and has now formed a small volume order.
Battery materials industry account period risks, raw material price volatility risks, product price volatility risks, exchange rate risks, environmental and safe production risks, project management risks, overseas project construction and location data used in this report are derived from information that we believe is currently publicly available and independently judged and concluded as independent, objective and fair
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.