The profit point dawns, the pace of internationalization accelerates on October 27, 2024 \triangleright
\triangleright Dunyongang, about 136,000 tons of electrolyte, or +35% of the ring; for single ton profit, company q3 tons of electrolyte
The interest is 0.08 million tons, the ring is flat. As the crop rate rises, we expect the next single ton of electrolytic fluid to hit the bottom. The company attaches great importance to the optimization of the precipitation and product structure, and the continued increase in profitability. On the cost side, Lee Hyo Peng.
The company owns the industry's leading liquid lithium hexafluorate process technology, and the unit capacity investment costs and production costs are significantly lower than the industry average; in terms of product structure, the company adjusts the sales of lithium ion battery materials
The company focused on the 300,000-ton phosphate project.
The project is currently in its pilot phase.
Overseas capacity-building has accelerated and internationalization has accelerated. The company is steadily moving forward as planned with the annual production of 200,000 tons of electrolyte in Texas and 300,000 tons of lithium in Morocco, the main product of which is the electrolyte, the main product of which is the electrolytic fluid and lithium hexafluorate, among which is the interdiction of lithium battery materials.
By September 2024, United States factories had purchased land and were currently working on plant design and environmental evaluation procedures; Morocco had made a record of its offshore investment, which is currently in the project design phase. The location of overseas production capacity is expected to enhance the company’s global radiation capacity to better meet its clients’ needs.
Quick or will lead to higher levels of profitability and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Performance short-term pressure, share of electrolyte taps expected to continue 4. Biannual report 2023 (002709.sz) Assessment: Hydrolysis profitability leading peers to release gdr
The q2 performance ring is down, the electrolytic fluids are profitable, methodology and analytical logic are used to draw conclusions, present the present report independently and objectively, and are responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.