On August 30, the Agricultural Bank announced its 1h19 financial statement, which achieved a net return of $122.45 billion to the mother.
The Agricultural Bank of China is one of our main suppliers of comprehensive financial services.
A core-level capital adequacy rate of 11.13 per cent.
There is a significant and sustainable low-cost saving advantage in the provision of corporate banking and retail banking products and services. The interest rate at the end of the debt is lower than the industry average and is relatively good at low cost.
In terms of aggregates, a large number of county nodes have brought corporate deposit advantages, and the total amount of low-cost deposits is huge. In June, investment banks, fund management, financial leases, life insurance end-of- term deposit balances accounted for 85.84 per cent of interest-bearing liabilities; in terms of the structure of deposits, they are low due to the higher number of corporate client accounts.
The cost of current deposits is an absolute leader in the larger business (1h19 call, 56.99 per cent, followed only by recruitment in the listed business). In the current trend towards the periodicization of deposits, the industry’s short-term deposit costs are generally marginal; but the higher demand deposit ratio in the agricultural sector is sustainable.
At the end of June, county deposits accounted for 12.1% of total deposits, county deposits for individual deposits were 29.11%, and county deposits were significantly higher. Interest differentials were higher, with county loans earning an average of 4.59% (higher than average loan rates) and deposits were on average.
The rate of interest payments is 1.51 per cent (below the average deposit rate). The negative rate is 1.82 per cent, down by 26bp at the end of the previous year.
In the first half of the year, the balance of online financing was $343.6 billion, an increase of 138 per cent compared to the beginning of the year; in the construction of the scene, there were more than 2,600 new scenes around the three main areas of retail consumption, livelihood, and industry chains: the balance of financing on the county line, “Hong Kong-e Loans”, was $18.47 billion, an increase of $8.1 billion compared to the beginning of the year.
In the first half of the year, corporate credit was given priority in the areas of inclusive finance, tri-farm finance, private enterprise, and the national economy.
At the end of June, there was an increase of 36.45 per cent over the end of the previous year, exceeding the overall loan rate by 27.65 percentage points; an increase of 4.68 per cent over the average loan rate; a steady improvement in the quality of the assets; a significant increase in the coverage of the provision; and an adequate security cushion.
This is mainly the result of the firm’s active restructuring of the credit structure and increased write-off efforts following the launch of the Net Table plan. The poor perception is increasing and the firm’s sound asset quality is sustainable.
Investment proposals: the comparative advantage of short-term savings in the industry, albeit marginal, but low-cost deposits at the end of a company's liabilities are sustainable; asset quality is robust, prudential and credit structures continue to optimize; roe is expected to remain stable. Net profit growth rate of 4.9 per cent/4.8 per cent in 19/20 is estimated to be 0.85 times the 19-year pb target, corresponding to the company's 19-year pb target.
The Bank of Agriculture (601288): The low-cost advantage of indebtedness is still significant.
Research assistant brief on forward-looking investment analysis in the Research and Banking Unit.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Agricultural Bank (601288): The low-cost advantage of indebtedness remains significant and the balance is positive.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.