{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}Intelligently driven parts and components lead supplier, {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002920.sz) 21st 0825
• The company issued a report in 2025 to maintain the level of industry-led growth, with revenues commensurate with expectations 640 million yuan, or +41.1 per cent, of the net return profit, a robust growth in the company's performance, a sustained release of profits, a significant increase in revenue from the three major operations, and a sustained increase in cost control and operational efficiency
By product, the revenue from the operation of the 2025h1 module was $9.459 billion, or +18.76 per cent of the year; and the cost control effect of the smart business income modelling/management optimization was significant, with sales cost rates + 0.35 pct for the second quarter and the remaining cost rates falling by 1.15 pct.
• Continuously benefiting from the wave of car intelligence, continuing the internationalization strategy, the fourth generation of first-generation fleet production in ideal, milly, Gilly, etc., and growing robustly with the benefit of chip and functionality. Hud products are produced for the first time, taking orders from general gas, wide gas, East Wind, etc.
The business high-performance version continues to gain a strong lead on new orders. In addition, lightweight programmes continue to gain a wide range of points, such as Fung and Chirre. In April, the company released a full-scale assistive driving solution, pushing ahead with high-level algorithm development and the landing of the module integration programme. Clients continue to make breakthroughs, and recently signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the East Wind around the country.
Production, road clouds, supply chains, etc. Cooperation takes place at multiple dimensions. The company’s deployment abroad is beginning to show results, with foreign earnings of $1,038 million in the first half of the year, compared to 36.82% in the previous half, Indonesian/Mexican production is beginning to be produced, and Spanish factories are expected to be operational in 2026. Clients gain access to new projects, such as the Toyota project, and break through white dots, such as Renault and Honda.
In addition, it actively explores the ai+ fields of unmanned distribution, robotics and intelligent traffic, opening up future growth space.
"Smartly driving business growth, overseas layout, fast opening up the growth space, small and medium disk information, leading power, small and medium disk information update."