Intelligent business continues to grow, overseas business continues to break through the semi-annual performance rating of 2025.
The optimal client structure drives the growth of intellectually motivated business, and the q2 Māori ratio is subject to product structural changes, which fluctuates: $4.147 billion was earned by H1 smart driving in 2025, compared to +55.49 per cent.
The share of income rose by 5.51 pct to 28.32 per cent, mainly due to the increased volume of controlled products supplied to customers such as Mi, Chir, Gilly, and the increase in the volume of goods delivered from sensor products.
Qin Ji-Quan, the lightweight assisted driving solution has been acquired by a number of customers such as Toyota, Chire, Toyota, new project fixes, smart driving sensors have been acquired by Chang An, Gilly, the upper gas public, Renault,
In other business areas, the H1 smart cabin generated $9,459 million in 2025, i.e. +18.76 per cent of the year, a steady increase, self-researching the line of Hud’s first volume project, and new customer orders such as gas utility, wide-vending vehicles, and Japanese production in East Wind;
The rate of Māori in H1 is 20.33 per cent per year, corresponding to +0.29 ptt, of which Māori in smart driving is comparable to the effect of structural adjustment in driving business products, including some customer domain control product chip programmes from orin-x to rt and initial low Māori in sensor products.
q2 cost controls well achieved net interest rate ring increases, and the renminbi exchange rate was strong and significantly reduced in financial costs: the R&D/sales/managing/financial cost rate for company h1 was 0.58 pc in 2025, of which the R&D/sales/managing/financial cost rate was q2 in the first quarter, respectively
0.42 pct, the decline in R&D, management and financial cost rates is evident, with the main benefit of the decline in financial cost rates. The strong renminbi exchange rate has resulted in cost savings for corporate chip purchases, good cost control has led to a net interest rate increase, and the net interest rate (exclude) of q2 has increased by 1.04 pct to 8.35 per cent.
Overseas operations continue to break through white point clients, project fixation plus capacity building to enhance internationalized ecological synergies, and business growth space is wide: in 2025, h1 successfully obtained new project orders from clients vw, Toyota, and successfully broke through white point clients such as renault, hunda, May 2025.
The Division began to contribute productive capacity in Indonesia, with the birth in June of the first mass production project at a factory in Monterrey, Mexico, and the expected start of production at a dental plant in Sibán in 2026. Global production capacity-building has enhanced corporate international environmental cooperation and capacity.
As soon as it became operational in the country, the expansion of globalization began to move gradually into the harvest period, which is expected to bring the second extreme of growth in the company’s performance, with a wide future of growth. I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.