The 25q2 high-profit and internationalization strategy continued to dwindle: the company issued its semi-annual report for 2025, generating 146.44 million yuan in the same year as \triangleright.
\triangleright 0.42pct, the increase in the cost of sales is mainly due to the expansion of operations and increased expenditure related to purchase orders.
The company’s core business is growing robustly, with no more than a hundred million dollars, compared to 18.76%. The company’s fourth-generation smart cabin is already generating large-scale production from customers such as ideal cars, milli cars, Gilly cars, and others.
The company has continued to consolidate its industry leadership status and optimize its product matrix, with a wide range of coverage.
3. The second review in the Dessahwee (002920, sz) series: 24q Car-borne Software Development and Digital Operations Service to support the construction of a complete smart network of eco-closing rings.3 Performance-over-expected product innovation continues to flourish - 2024/10/
Deepening the internationalization strategy to create ecological synergies. 2025h1 company sales abroad amounted to $1,038 million, \triangleright 4. De Sesavi (002920.sz) series I: profitability
The birth of Mexico's first plant production project in Monterrey provided more efficient localization of services in the American market; the Spanish smart factory is expected to start production in 2026, providing the European region with a series of smart front-line products in the field of driving.
Investment advice: big screen multiscreen trend and new customer outreach for smart cabin products \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.