Keeping up high R & D inputs, q3 with a significant increase in non-net profits - 3-quarter review report from China News (00000063) On October 28, 2020, Chinese News published the 3rd quarter financial report, and the company was operating in the previous 3rd quarter.
Revenues of $7,429 million, an increase of 15.39 per cent in the same year; net profit returns of $2.712 billion, a decline in the same year; robust operations, a significant increase in non-net profits of q3; company operating income of $26,930 million, an increase of 37.18 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $855 million in the same year, as a result of increased revenues from the network of operators;
Inner development of 5g with fast-growing opportunities to work with clients and partners to explore 5g industry applications for innovation to activate industry and market dynamics; continued healthy operations in overseas markets, precision value markets, and robust business development in key countries, leading to faster business growth and network of operators
In the first three quarters of China’s communications, 10.79 billion dollars were spent on research and development.
By 15.3% and 14.6% of revenue, the ratio of R & D to R & D continues to be high. The central news is that R & D-driven companies take advantage of high-technology overlaps to take advantage of markets quickly to obtain more orders.
More than 90 operators collaborated on 5g, covering more than 500 industry partners, with 5g of the necessary specialties reaching 2,561, the top three in the world.
The sum of Hing Hing Hing Hing, Hing Hing Hing, Hing Hing, Hing Hing, Hing, Hing, Hing, Hing, Hing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hsing, Hs, Hsing, Hsing, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs.
Chips Development Enterprise, established in 2003, mainly monitors fields such as chip and router chips, cumulatively developed and successfully produced more than 100 pieces of chips, which are a re-evaluation of the all-out layout.
In the first half of the year, net profits grew by 240.88% over the same period, and one of the fastest growing companies in the first half of the year.
This incentive plan is intended to be granted for the first time over a period of not more than _aaa_medium communication (000063).
The 163,492 thousand shares of equity options, which account for approximately 3.54% of the total equity currently issued, are mainly targeted at core staff such as R & D, sales, etc., with an increase in the number of people.
Equity Incentives help to retain corporate cadres, safeguard the long-term interests of the company, secure profit forecasts and investment proposals for the growth of the company ' s performance: given the return to normal future bid prices, the larger-scale construction of 5g and other high-morigin businesses, both within and outside the country, we remain optimistic about the future growth of the company ' s revenue base.
Risk factors: The construction of 5g is below expectations, corporate governance is not improving as expected, and trade friction between Central America and the United States is increasing.