Communications in China (000063) Rapid growth in performance and strong upwards in the future, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: corporate business income of 74.13 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 15.4 per cent over the same period last year; net return to mothers of 2.71 billion yuan, a decrease of 34.3 per cent over the same period last year; accelerated construction of 5g, and rapid growth in corporate performance.
Companies perform well in the long run, benefiting from the rapid growth of the domestic mobile Internet and the full opening of 5g, the realization of operating income in the domestic market, the acceleration of the construction of 5g operators, and the sustained push of government and business for communications procurement. After the first quarter of the epidemic hit the company’s performance, it resumed work quickly in the second quarter and its performance recovered steadily.
Quarterly revenues of $26,933 million, an increase of 37.2 per cent over the previous year; net returns to mothers of $860 million, a decrease of 67.8 per cent over the same period, and net profits of $540 million over the same period, an increase of 454.7 per cent over the same period.
• The company continues to invest heavily in research and development, with 5g patents in the world’s first bloc. The company continues to invest heavily in research and development, with $10.8 billion in research and development in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 15.3 per cent over the same period.
In the course of the year, the Corporate Research and Development Department has obtained about 76,000 global patent applications and held more than 36,000 validly authorized patents. Of these, the company’s 5g global strategic patent has been placed on more than 5,000, ranked first in the 5g global layout, with a combination of the transformation of the enabling industry and a strong upward trend in the company’s future.
In core product areas such as servers, video, digital, databases, operating systems, etc., and through years of cooperation with domestic companies, they have actively promoted the digitalization of the 5g communications wave, bringing their rich product lines to the full. In the future, companies will target diversified industries.
In the second half of the year, in view of the gradual slowdown in the impact of the epidemic on overseas operations, a steady increase in domestic and foreign investment in 5g, and the increasing competitiveness of firms to maintain their “sustainability”
Communications between China and China ($00063): Performance has recovered rapidly and has not been, and will not be, compensated, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMSC).
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.