On March 7, 2024, the company issued "Signing shares and paying cash to buy assets and collecting matching funds and trading plans.
In addition, according to the industry, it was $187 million over the same period last year. The company’s revenue performance was under short-term pressure, but the expansion of production capacity continued to grow, and the advantages of size were expected to increase in the future as the industry warmed.
According to the Plan, the company intends to acquire the minority shareholder rights of the three subsidiaries: New Crystal, New Crystal, New Crystal, and New Crystal Wise, to achieve full capital control, and to raise matching funds. The three companies are all “integrated circuit manufacturing” for the company.
300 mm semiconductor silicon technology development and industrialization phase two project, in which new crystals are put into holding stock platforms, new crystals are mainly engaged in 300 mm semiconductor silicone grinding and extension operations, new crystals masters are involved in 300 mm semiconductor silicon crystallization operations, and new crystals and new crystals have been automated
The acquisition of a few shares in a subsidiary would be beneficial for the company to further integrate, syndromic synergies, and improve the efficiency of its operations. The global semiconductor silicon silicon drops by 2.5% on a year-on-year basis, with 300 mm of silicon growing on a quarterly basis.
The demand for 200 mm silicon continued to fall by 13 per cent in the same year; it increased by 6.18 per cent to 3,388 million yuan, of which 300 mm silicon sales increased by more than 70 per cent in the same year, income rose by more than 50 per cent in the same year, and sales and sales of silicon tablets of less than 200 mm sizes and below decreased in average prices.
The Māori ratio of 2024h1 companies is higher than the same rate of entry and fixed costs. In 2024, the company launched the 300mm Silicone Project in Shanghai, the 300mm Silicon Capacity Upgrading Project in Shanxi, and the forward inputs and asset consolidation affected the company ' s profits by about 200 million yuan a year.
The production of silicon silicon production continues to expand, and research and development of new products progresses in an orderly manner.
In Shanghai, the 300 mm silicon project has been completed, adding 300 mm silicon production capacity to the original, and the 50,000 silicon mid-month test line project has been completed, reaching 650,000 silicon output per month. In the future, as the company ' s Shanghai, Taiwon project continues, the 300 mm silicon capacity will be further enhanced, with 1.2 million units planned for the future.
For new products, according to the company ' s semi-annual report of 2024, the satellite ' s new silicon-based wing has completed the construction of a 300 mm high-end silicon material test line, product development and customer sampling are under way; the subsidiary ' s new silicon silicon silica silica silica monocrysone monocrystal pressure membrane substrates have successfully achieved bulk quantitative production of some products and are actively developing samples.
Given the downside of the industry, the company’s capacity to expand its output is subject to short-term profitability pressures, adjusting its profit projections to a factor of pre-dating, 1197.8 and 222.7. Consider the company’s size advantage on 300 mm silicon and maintain its rating increases.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.