Silicon industry: 300 mm continuous expansion of silicon, profit-side short-term pressure Investment rating: Increase in (maintenance) . . . . incident rating: release of silicon industry reports for 2024 and the first quarter of 2025
The company’s growth in revenue was due mainly to the warming of the industry, with the company’s 300 mm semiconductor silicon producing capacity released further. The company’s profits were under pressure, mainly due to: 1) the unit price of the company’s products, the firm’s prices compared to the trend of 300 deep.
Pressure; 2) Continued expansion + high R & D inputs result in higher associated costs; 3) adjustment of product prices and increased production result in significant increases in impairment losses of inventory assets. • Sustained expansion of R & D inputs will result in long-term growth
In the area of large silicon, the company has increased its research and development investment, including soi, extension, and other products, for new energy cars, radio frequencies, silicon light, filters, etc. 200 mm of silicone and below are under pressure, and 300 mm of silicon production is expected to double.
1) 200 mm and half-conductor silicon tablets: due to the fact that market demand has not fully recovered and some customers are still in the inventory digestion phase, the company ' s 200 mm silicon output fell by 3.3 per cent in 2024, resulting in a significant decline in sales of high unit prices, which has reduced the business ' s income to $1.05 billion
(yoy-27.9%). In terms of production capacity, the subsidiary ' s new technology and kmetic 200mm and the following polishing chips, extras, together produce more than half a million units per month: the subsidiary ' s new technology and kmetic 200mm and below soi silicon, together produce more than 65,000 units per month.
2) 300mm semiconductor silicon tablets: in 2024, the company delivered 50052 thousand silicon tablets at the point of diversion of 300 mm silicon silicon silicon.
In terms of production capacity, during the reporting period, the company ' s 300 mm silicon silicon silicon expansion project was well under way in Shanghai, with a combined capacity of 650,000 silicon per month. In the future, with the completion of the 300 mm silicon capacity upgrading project for integrated circuits started in Shanghai, Taiwon and Taiwon, the company ' s 300 mm
The silicon business will double its current capacity to 1.2 million units per month. Downstream demand will fall short of expected risks, goodwill impairment risks, inventory impairment risks, currency exchange loss risks.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.