Hey, you're looking good, you're looking at different product layouts, and you're looking at a drop in the high-growth gel.
42.95 per cent; operating cash flows of $426 million, an increase of 37.44 per cent over the same period. Cash profits are still more than 1 and liquidity is strong. q4 quarter revenues of 245 million yuan, an increase of 51.03 per cent over the same period.
The net return to the mother was $149 million, an increase of 75.24 per cent. The first half of the year was under pressure, but with the release of demand in the second half of the year, a rapid recovery in the company’s performance led to a full year’s performance.
The income structure (y2020) and cosmetics (1.11%). Of this, the high body-centred solution is injected with $447 million in 2020, an increase of 82.85% over the same period last year.
Pre-optimal advantages and exclusivity, the safety and effectiveness of which have been fostered by the previous market, have been fully recognized by downstream health-care institutions and end consumers in the last six months compared with 300 depths, and branding has continued to increase, with the city becoming more powerful.
Field penetration has steadily increased, and this is the main driver of growth in corporate performance in 2020, and we believe that it will remain high in the future. The gel products include Evé/Emife, Bonida, Yimei plus I, for the same period.
With $252 million in revenue and a 19.21 per cent drop in sales in the same year, sales in the first half of the year amounted to $10,000, and given the market uniqueness of the product, we believe that it is likely to become a new bursting product. Māori is stable, cost is lower, cash flow is stronger.
A 3.5 percentage point decrease in the cost of travel, hospitality and meetings due to the impact of the epidemic resulted in a significant reduction in the cost of travel, hospitality and meetings. The management cost rate was 6.13 per cent, a decrease of 2.5 percentage points. Companies continued to increase their R & D inputs, with R & D costs of 8.71 per cent, an increase of 27.26 per cent over the same period.
The year-on-year ratio increased by 37.44 per cent to $426 million over 20 years, with a net cash profit ratio greater than 1 and a strong corporate capital flow and a high net yield.
In 2021, it is expected that marketing will be carried out in many forms, on-line and below-line. The company has set up a “all-of-the-school” exchange platform for doctors to train doctors in the use of the company's products.
In addition to the field of transparent sodium acid products, in 2019, the company obtained a certificate of registration for the iii medical device for the polydioxycyclohexine implantation of the face of ketamine, which was approved by the National Drug Control Service for the first item.
In addition, the punctuation of microballs containing polyroic acid for skin filling has entered the registration stage for the removal of dynamic wrinkles of a type-a botulinum toxin.
At the clinical stage, the Lilalupi injection fluid for chronic weight management is at the clinical stage. The company has developed a combination layout consisting of differentiated and transparent sodium acid injections, microball injections, a type of botulinum toxin, plant wires, weight management products, and product functions.
Positioning varies, but at the same time there is a strong synergy in reserve dynamics for follow-up sustained growth. Through investment and cooperation, the company further enriched the product line: 1) a joint venture with Dongbang Medicalco., Ltd., South Korea, to create an Eastern American to plant wire production.
The R & D and production of goods, with 51% of the company ' s share, will further enhance the long lead and competitiveness of plant-line products. (2) Investment in Hangzhou, which is first up to 2% of biotech, will develop long-lasting injecting products and orals around the glp-1 target with autonomous intellectual property rights.
Products, which are expected to gain a future advantage in the glp-1 market competition. The proposed acquisition of a subsidiary, Beijing Nobot 49% of the remaining shares and the remaining 49% of the remaining shares of the integrated organisms will help companies to shape their business and long-term competitiveness in the treatment of obesity.
The introduction of Santung's local-level anaesthesia cream from the Blue Sea medicine technology has further increased the value added of the company's medical products. 4) Together with Ningboyanhua (limited partnership), we have invested in the creation of a smart investment partnership (limited partnership) to invest in the industrial chain.
The pace of product development and the spread of new products has fallen short of expectations; market competition has increased the risk; product quality risk: the risk of the continued impact of the epidemic.
The product, through R & D, investment and cooperation, has increased the layout of the product line, resulting in a differentiated product mix, a transparent sodium gel of left-wing ecstasy, which, when marketed, will drive continued growth along with the planting line, consolidating the urinate formulations. We look forward to the future of the industry and the company.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is responsible for producing this report independently and objectively, in a professional and diligent manner, and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately, and does not constitute any third-party conclusion.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.