"Hi" boosts performance, cash flows are strong + high
The net return to the mother is 440 million yuan (+43.93 per cent), the net profit to the non-mother is 424 million yuan q for the fourth quarter, the operating income is 245 million yuan (+51.03 per cent), the net profit to the mother is 149 million yuan (+75.24 per cent) and the net profit to the non-mother is 144 million yuan.
▪ Performance exceeded expectations, and “Hitt” maintained strong growth. Companies were affected by the epidemic in 2020, with overall performance under pressure in the first quarter, a rapid recovery since the second quarter, and strong growth in the second half of the year led to year-round performance growth. Q1-q4 corporate revenues changed by the same quarter by 20.98 per cent, and by quarter by 20.98 per cent, respectively.
The dew is a solution injection product, a gel injection product, facial cords, cosmetics, receipts of 63.07 per cent, 35.56 per cent, 0.26 per cent, and 1.11 per cent, respectively. Of this, sales of the solution receive $447 million (+82.85 per cent), including products such as "hide" and "Winmi".
Because of the small scale (0.37 per cent of total income in 2019), it appears that the solution class reflects the income situation of the “high body”, benefiting mainly from the continued penetration of the neck strip treatment and the listing of the same product, the Panda needles, in the same series.
gel sales generated $252 million (-19.21%), mainly “Effrey/Emmefei” and “Bonida” – mainly affected by the epidemic – and sales have declined. Corporate profits have increased at a significantly higher rate than revenues per year, mainly due to lower cost rates and economies of scale.
Net interest rate hikes, interest income increases, investment returns, etc. Cost rates, as a result of economies of scale and a reduction in some of the marketing activities due to the epidemic, have decreased significantly, and the cost of sales and administration has increased one step by one. In addition, in 2020, companies brought investment returns through the purchase of structured bank deposits, with a high cash flow and a high proportion of cash sharing showing a strong blood-building capacity, showing an increase in the weight of products.
Long-term potential. In 2020, companies achieved net operating cash flow of $426 million (+37.44 per cent). The company ' s profit distribution plan was to find a gold dividend of $35 (including taxes) per 10 shares based on total equity, increasing the capital pool by 8 shares per 10 shares for all shareholders.
Red 420.7 million yuan, representing a 95.67% share of net profit from repatriation, highlights the company’s sound financial position and its sustained profitability. In terms of research products, transparent acids with a concentrated left emulsion,1 Emmett (300896), Lilaru sodium gel (commonly known as a machining needle) has entered the registration approval phase, injections of a type-a botox toxin, Lilalu selenium injections are in the clinical trial phase, and potential heavy-pound products are expected to nurture new growth points.
Pyramid clinical trials were approved and positive progress was made on dietary and heavy products. 2020-11-16. Other products recovered from the effects of the epidemic, as well as increased performance in interest income and returns on investment.
Upturning profit forecasts, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. 3, Emmett (300896), “Image”, Economic Times dividend, Medical Dragonhead, future.
1. Strong performance growth in the second half of the year, with high “Hitty” performance leading to high annual performance, 1.1. Rapid recovery in controlled sales and high-performance growth due to high heights of the epidemic.In 2020, corporate performance was more adversely affected by the epidemic than in the first quarter of the year, but it was also adjusted in a timely manner during the closure of the epidemic.
As the epidemic regains control and consumption, corporate business recovery has accelerated since the second quarter, and strong growth in the second half of the year has led to full-year performance growth. Companies have not only demonstrated resilience to growth in the aftermath of the epidemic, but have further consolidated their competitive advantages and interests within the industry.
On a quarterly basis, growth in corporate income and net profits is accelerating and strong growth is restored in the second half of the year. It is expected that the company’s performance will continue to grow rapidly as the epidemic is effectively contained.
The value of the Hive brand highlights the high growth in corporate performance. "Hi" is the home-grown first and only adaptive sodium injectable with transparent sodium acid for neck restoration, with a different competitive advantage to make it competitive.
The same series of products will be expanded to further enhance the brand value and increase sales levels. In 2019, the income of the Hive was 43.50%. In 2020, based on the company's declared calibre, the solution class
Very small, so we estimate that income from solution-based injecting products can be similar to that from “higher” income, which rises to more than 63 per cent and increases to more than 82 per cent in the same year, driving companies to increase their performance throughout the year.
In 2020, the company incurred a financial cost of $14,33.47 million, of which interest income was $14,397,700. This represents a significant decrease of 740.05 per cent in the year-on-year financial costs, mainly due to the increase in interest income on bank deposits as a result of the company ' s collection of $34.35 million on the market in ipo in September 2020.
A further increase in corporate interest income is expected in 2021, nearly the fourth quarter of 2020. 1.4. A high share of cash was received, highlighting the company's continued robust profitability. 35 yuan in gold dividends (including taxes) was found, and 0 shares in red shares (including taxes) were sent to increase the capital pool to every 10 shares for all shareholders.
8 shares. As a result, a combined gold dividend of $420.7 million was found, representing 95.67 per cent of net corporate return profits in 2020; a high share of cash represented the company's continued, robust profitability and good financial position, as well as good expectations for future development, while reflecting the firm's positive and reasonable return to investors and the actual actions to share the value of the enterprise.
2. Research and development (R & D) inputs ensure the expansion of product lines and the prospect of heavy-weight varieties are promising. Companies maintain a high rate of R & D inputs and product development, and remain open in the direction of biomedical materials and biomedical research and development. In 2020, companies invested $61.8 million in R & D, representing 8.71 per cent of operating income.
Currently, the company is in the registration stage for the study of the product “Lirrulu injection fluid” for chronic weight management. The company's research and development is continuing to speed up the US medicine through continuous investment in research and development.
Research and development of products is expected to boost the range of products and foster new growth points in the future. At the same time, by strengthening its foreign investment and strategic deployment, in 2020, the company and Korea, Dongbang Medicalco.ltd formed a joint venture with the East American (Beijing) Science and Technology Development Ltd. to plant wires and stitches.
The research and development of instruments has been completed at the laboratory stage of the second-generation products of facial-laying wires. The company invested in 2% of Hangzhou Biotech Ltd., which developed long-acting injections and oral products with autonomous intellectual property rights around the glp-1 target, and is expected to compete in the future for treatment of obesity.
In addition, the company, in collaboration with Shandong Makoto Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co. Ltd., has developed a local anaesthesia for pre-oplasty masts in Lidocainca to increase patients’ clinical experience and further enrich the wiring of medical and aesthetic products. 3. Profit predictions and investment ratings
High and sustained growth, recovery of other products after the effects of the epidemic, and higher performance of interest income and investment returns, higher profitability forecasts, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings. 1) R & D is not as fast as expected. Research on Bacillus botulinum and recombinant protein drugs are in clinical trials.
At this stage, however, there may be risks that R & D will fail or that R & D will not progress as expected; (2) the risk that markets will not expand as expected. As the market for medically preferable products becomes more competitive, there may be additional barriers to future listings and risks that new products will not be promoted as expected.
3) The risk of a medical beauty orthopaedic accident. Medical beauty orthopaedic accidents can trigger industrial rehabilitation and discourage consumer confidence, leading to a decline in industry growth.