Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
The net profit was $440 million, an increase of 43.93 per cent, while the company proposed an increase of 8 shares for every 10 shares.
By category, high branded solution injection products achieved a revenue of $440 million in 2020, an increase of 83 per cent, with sales/sales increasing by 80 per cent/two per cent, respectively, of which panda needles under the Hive flag contributed to overall price increases due to higher prices than the original neck pins: gel injection products (Evele, Bonida, Jämei plus I, etc.)
The decline was 19 per cent to $252 million, but the decrease was significantly narrow compared to 35 per cent in the first half of the year; when the face-breeding (close) products were first marketed, revenues of $1.84 million were realized: in 2020, the cosmetics business, represented by medically transparent acids to repair the face, and by the irritation of the neck, earned $7.89 million, almost 10 times more.
\triangleright maintained overall high Māori in a differentiated position for the sale of products, with company Māori rates almost equal to 92% throughout the year.
Reductions in meetings, travel, hospitality; annual management rate of 6.13 per cent, 2.49 pct less than year-on-year; company forward insight + bold multi-product line layout, long-term growth ceiling open \triangleright
The annual report revealed that the company had acquired the remaining 49% of the shares of the controlled subsidiary Norbot and the ecogenated organisms, which were responsible for the development of Li La Rupe (clinical trial phase) and the soluble needle (preclinical phase), respectively, all of which contributed to the success of the project in the future. At the same time, the company was undertaking a fund-raising commitment to the genetic re-engineering protein project and the deoxychotic acid project.
In terms of foreign investment and strategic layout, the company has joined forces with the East Korean Medical Service, Hangzhou, Shandong-King for Blue Sea medicine, etc., to create strategies to enrich the product matrix and reduce the risks of a single product; and to invest in private fund-raising with Ning Bo-Yanhua.
Multi-sector projects such as toxic toxins, Lilalupi injection fluids, solution needles, etc. are well-stocked and have a strong long-term growth momentum; the entire U.S. industry maintains a competitive pattern of high-speed and high-upstream preparations, with excellent growth and certainty for American-Americans. First coverage, “recommended” ratings.
Industry competition has increased, new products have hatched less than expected, and airlines are engaged in equity investment. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, which ensures that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,