The Center for Medical Health Research has outperformed expectations, self-researched + investment-rich product layouts, and Emerika released its annual report for the year 2020. The company achieved business income in the year 2020.
709 million yuan, representing an increase of 27.2 per cent in the same year; 440 million yuan, representing an increase of 43.9 per cent in the same year; 424 million yuan, representing an increase of 43.0 per cent in the same year; 75.2 per cent, or 75.4 million yuan, in the same year, in the same year.
In 2020, companies managed to overcome the effects of the epidemic and achieve higher than expected growth. The harvest ended with a robust increase in profits. The Māori rate remained stable, sales and management rates dropped significantly, net interest rates were net.
Sub-product line: Hi is a central driver of performance growth, with high body-based solution injections for the core product 2. q3 Performance Increases, with needle sales of $447 million (+83 per cent) in the pharmaceutical industry, accounting for 63 per cent of total revenue; the epidemic causes
High-scene gel injection product sales have declined, with sales revenue of $252 million (-19 per cent), representing the total revenue of 3. "Medical Uurinate product taps, R & D + sales drive."
High Growth-Emergency Research, by region of distribution: the East China region has a strong edge, with a high income ratio of 40% and a robust rate of growth; the North and South China regions are fast-tracking the rest of the region.
Developments are expected to be more synergistic and balanced: at the research and development end, the company attaches great importance to innovation in research and development, and has developed a combination layout containing differentiated and transparent sodium sodium acid injections, microball injections, a type of botulinum toxin, plant wires, weight management products, and
Eco-coops: sustainable skills training for healers and doctors to promote eco-behaviour in the medical industry; and internal and external repairs to enhance the long-term competitiveness of companies by enhancing external investment and strategic deployments.
The company is the leading product of the mediocre end, “Autonomous R & D + External Investment” and continues to be rich in bio-medical materials and bio-pharmaceuticals, which are available for the future. We maintain profit-foreseed product R & D at a slower pace than expected; increased competition in the market for bouric products has led to a risk of falling net interest rates;
In 2020, the company achieved operating income of $709 million, an increase of 27.2%, and a net return of $440 million, an increase of the same amount.
43.9 per cent; net profit of $424 million from deductions, or 43.0 per cent from year to year; operating income of $245 million from 2020q4, or 51.0 per cent from year to year; net profit of $149 million from deductions, or 75.2 per cent from year to year; net profit from deductions from deductions, or mothers, $144 million.
In 2020, the company managed to overcome the effects of the epidemic and achieve a higher than expected growth in its performance. The pick-up at the end of the harvest was robust, the profit end was in a fast-disbursing period, and the performance of the company remained high. In 2020, the company achieved a revenue of 709 million yuan, an increase of 27.2 per cent, and a net profit of 440 million yuan, an increase in the return to the mother.
43.9%; net profit of 424 million yuan for the realization of deductions, or 43.0% more than the previous year. The medical industry has a high profile, the demand for non-surgery-type projects and the company’s peak rate of growth as an end-state urinate product. 2020q1 has reduced demand in the market for the company’s urinate products due to the effects of the epidemic.
Performance is under pressure, with the epidemic coming under control and the steady recovery of the consumer market, the firm’s performance showing a steady and moderate upward trend in the company’s financial indicators and a downward trend in its sales and management rates.The overall Māori ratio of the company remains around 92 per cent, with a 62 per cent net interest rate, a significant increase from 2019.
The decline in the cost rate was mainly due to lower periods and higher interest income generated by the ipo fund-raising, stable R&D rates and downward trends in sales and management costs, mainly due to reduced staff travel, operational hospitality, advertising, etc. during the epidemic.
Figure 6: Cost rates for the period 2014-2020 in love with the United States of America $29.82 million ($14.74 million at the beginning of the period), a significant increase, mainly in the sale of products Net cash flows from operating activities amounting to $426 million, which corresponds to the amount of net profit due to the parent, indicating that the company
Cash flow is good and high-quality business performance is high. 2. Sub-product lines: Hives are a central driver of performance growth, with Hives as a solution type injector for core products 447 million yuan (+83 per cent) in sales of needles, representing 63 per cent of total revenue; the epidemic leads to condensation
The sale of rubber injection products has declined, with sales revenue of $252 million (-19 per cent), representing a share of the total revenue of the company ' s listed products in the four main categories of solution injection products, gel injection products, facial implants and cosmetics.
Injection products in the solution category include the injection of sodium transgenic acid composite solution (heptide) and the medical use of hydropropyl methyl cellulose-sodium translucent acid solution (sweet beauty); gel products include the medical use of sodium transgenic hydropropyl methyl fibre with polyethylene gel microballs
Vesil gel (Pounida), modifier sodium gel (Evret/Emi-Fly) and medically transparent sodium oxypropyl methyl cellulose gel (Jull-Mi plus I). Solution injection products (mainly the Hives) are the core engine for performance growth.
The share of total revenue is 63 per cent (44 per cent in 2019). High-level products have a pre-eminence and monopoly in the segmented market, and their safety and effectiveness have been sufficiently recognized by downstream health-care institutions and end-users, brand influence has continued to grow, markets have increased.
The penetration rate has risen steadily, and is still expected to lead to higher performance. We assume that the main cause of the epidemic is the decline in demand for conventional urinary acid, which is expected to pick up steadily as the epidemic gradually gets under control and consumption, and the demand for products such as Bonida, Evret, etc.
The company's face-planting products are in the market phase, with a Māori rate of about 73.12%, and in 2020 the cosmetics business consisted mainly of products such as eye, neck, and facial, with a Māori rate of about 55.24%, and the South China region is running faster. As the country's medical and American consumption is “sinking”, the company's region is running.
The company strengthens its domestic market and continuously expands its marketing network.
The distribution services network of some 5,000 institutions throughout the country, covering large chains of non-public medical institutions, orthopaedic hospitals of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, and tria public hospitals such as the China-Japan Friendly Hospital. The medical and American industry, with its “medical” and “consumption” characteristics, has grown more mature in the economically developed regions of the country.
As the country’s population has increased its disposable income, its awareness of beauty, and its health-promoting product lines have become increasingly “sinking.” We expect the company to sell in the major regions.
Microball injections, a type of botulinum toxin, plant wires, and a combination of weight management products, with differentiated and synergetic positioning of product functions.  Corporate-coded research and development inputs to sustain the core drivers of high growth.
The rate is 8.71%, the value of R & D inputs has increased by 27.26% over the year, and the number of R & D personnel is 91, or 23.45% of the total number of DGs. Sustained R & D inputs provide strong guarantees for companies to continuously introduce new technologies and products that meet market demands.
▪ The company gradually expands the product lines to biopharmaceuticals based on a deep accumulation in the field of biomedical materials and presents a strategized layout in the study of products.
(b) Injection with type a botulinum toxin for the removal of dynamic wrinkles is in the clinical stage;
Eco-circles: sustainable skills training for healers and doctors to promote the eco-behaviour of the medical profession; internal and external combinations to enrich the product lines and enhance the company's long-term competitiveness through enhanced foreign investment and strategies. “All-China Academy” is the cradle of skills training for doctors and doctors.
The College provides online technical training for doctors in the medical sciences, providing a total of more than 3,000 courses, and more than 6,000 certified co-counsels.
The company has established a joint venture with Dongbangmedicalco.ltd (Oriental Medical Service of the Kaupule Society) to further enhance the market competitiveness of the company's wired products by introducing Korea's patented technology for research and development and production of wire-laying products.
The company will further enrich and improve its business layout and long-term competitiveness in the treatment of bio-obesity by investing in Hangzhou-First-Da Biotech Ltd. The company will further enrich its medical and aesthetic products by introducing locally available anaesthesia products in the form of technology transfer
Line layout, consolidation and upgrading of the company’s leading position in the medical-American industry.