Hey, you're on a high note, and the rate's optimal to boost profitability.
Solution injection products with high body at its core have doubled in the second half of the year, showing a bright increase. By branch: 1) The high body at its core received 450 million yuan, an increase of 83 per cent, and the product (Effrey/Emife/Bonida/Wanichi plus one) received 250 million yuan, which was affected by the epidemic.
On the other side of the business, Li Xiang, the revenue from wire-laying products was 1.84 million, an increase of 2068 per cent, and cosmetic products, $7.89 million, an increase of 890 per cent.
For Māori, changes in structure have led to a slight decrease in Māori rates and an increase in net interest rates driven by optimization rates of 7.7 pct. For Māori, there has been a decline of 0.16 pct and 0.22 pct in the Māori ratio of corporate solutions and gels, respectively, mainly because changes in product structure have led to higher cost prices and the overall Māori rate has been largely stable;
In terms of rates, sales management rates have continued to be optimized with a scale effect, with a decrease of 3.5 pct/2.5 pct, a net increase of $8.17 million in investment earnings during financial asset holding, a net aggregate interest rate increase of 7.7 pct to a robust development and enhancement of projects such as wires, glp-1, solubility, etc., with a positive growth in the left-wing yogic acid microball project
In terms of registration, there is a large stock of products. In terms of R & D: 1) 20 years of patent applications, 4 cases authorized, 23% of R & D personnel and high levels of R & D inputs; 2) injection, clinical trial permission for use of a type of bottox toxin and Liralu selenium injection fluid, and concentration of left-wing ecstasy micro-acid acid.
The ball project is in the process of being registered and progressing as expected; 3) with Dongbangmedical, Korea; Emmett (300896.sz): a joint venture of medical and aesthetics co., Ltd. to introduce Korean technology for the production of plant-planting products; 4)
The company's future advantage in the glp-1 market and the promotion of soluble fat.
In terms of sales: 1) the company \triangleright has 160 sales teams in 20 years, a net increase of 45 people, covering 5,000 institutions, and a sales team.
(ii) The company ' s All-China Institute provided more than 3,000 courses in 2020 and registered more than 6,000 certified doctors, which is expected to enhance the consistency of the company ' s products.
"Cindasecuritiesco., ltd Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: High Performance Over-expected, New Applied Disorders expected to spread well while \triangleright"
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in Beijing City West Side, in view of the company's rapid growth of high-yielding products and its future abundance of products, the upward “buy-in” assessment is a risk factor: high-level sales are not as expected; industry demand is deteriorating, etc.
\triangleright, as a core member of the team, received the third/second/fifth best analyst in the new wealth textile and clothing industry in 16/17/18/19, and Li Xing, Master of Finance, University of Gangan, three years of experience in the consumer goods industry, joined the Sinda securities industry in 2020 for the textile light industry.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.