Hi, there's an up-and-up-up-up-up-up- 27.18%, net return profit of $440 million, 43.93%, year-on-year-on-year-on-year.
Prospective profit distribution plans, with 35 dollars (including taxes) in dividends per 10 shares to all shareholders to finance the transfer of 8 shares per 10 shares to all shareholders. Core products are widely recognized in the market, and the recovery of the epidemic continues to accelerate.
Because of the impact of the new crown epidemic, the company q1 has been under significant pressure and has recovered rapidly since q2, with an increase of 0.72 per cent in revenue and 14.59 per cent in net profit on return, respectively; and an increase of $292 million in net profit on return, which is 65.25 per cent more than in the same year.
The core product, the Hive, received $447 million, an increase of 82.85 per cent over the same period the previous year, and the corresponding note was further increased by 43.87 per cent in 2019. “Hi” urinary acid injection products have market pre-eminence and exclusivity, and other sources are stabilized when safety and effectiveness are recognized by the market.
The transparent Acid Filling product achieved a revenue of $252 million, a 19.21 per cent decline compared to the previous year, is expected to be more competitive with the same type of product, is more affected by the epidemic, and recovery is slower than "Hi."
The sales team has been expanded to create a sustainable path. The company currently has 160 sales and market personnel, covering approximately 5,000 doctors in 31 provinces and municipalities.
"Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation - Emerika (300896), third quarter of 2020, with abundant pipelines and medically new products, has achieved a number of milestones: microball cochel to the stage of registration declaration: a botulinum toxin.
Products and dietary needles are in the clinical stage. The company's research and development of pipelines for US-related plates reached 91 researchers, or 23.45% of the total. At the same time, the company worked with a number of companies to build reserves for subsequent growth, including a joint venture with the East of Korea to create an East American guest to bring South Korea.
The development and production of plant-line products is expected to open new markets; entering the Sanvida organism in the State of Hampton (2 per cent), Liu Hyemin, exploring glp-1 treatment in the direction of obesity: cooperation between Shandong and the Blue Sea, introducing local external anesthesia
There is still much room for improvement in product penetration, channel coverage. As the company's heights continue to grow, new products are landed, and operational efficiency increases.
Market competition has increased, new products have been promoted less than expected, and research and development has fallen short of expectations. Authors have either qualified for securities investment consultancy or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent, professional attitude and objectivity.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.