Forage sales are growing robustly, and q3 performance continues to grow high.
The company issued its third quarter report for 2020. (i) q3 continued to record high growth, in line with market expectations. In the first three quarters of 2020, the company earned $43.806 billion in operating income, i.e. +23.35 per cent in relation to the previous quarter.
The net profit is 2,073 million yuan, or +46.80 per cent; the net profit is 2,033 million yuan, and the net profit is 969 million yuan, or +31.26 per cent. The large increase in net profit is mainly due to the significant profits from the contribution of pig-breeding operations and the continuing rapid growth in the sale of feed.
(ii) Launching a buy-back program to show confidence in future development not less than RMB 300 million and not more than RMB 600 million, which will be used entirely for the implementation of the corporate equity incentive scheme and/or the employee holding scheme. This buy-back represents the company’s future development.
Confidence in prospects and recognition of corporate values, coupled with the creation of long-term incentives and binding mechanisms to advance the convergence of interests and benefit-sharing among all shareholders. (iii) Strong growth in feed sales, with strong synergies in the industrial chain
In August 2020, the growth of the hog has been 3.5 per cent and 11 months in a row, 37 per cent in a row; the growth of the hog stock has been 4.7 per cent in a row, 31.3 per cent in a row, and 31.3 per cent in a row with the gradual recovery of the hog downstream.
The company’s pig-powder performance is better than that of the industry, benefiting from high prices, high profits, and the company’s pig-powder performance has contributed better. Aquaculture has been more disturbed this year, owing to the new crown epidemic, the climate, and so on.
Industry is growing at a slower rate. Companies are increasing their aquaculture at a faster rate than industry and are gradually optimizing their structure, constrained by factors such as the expansion of industry capacity, low downstream chicken prices and higher raw material costs, and the level of profits or pressure on the company ' s poultry.
In addition, there are different nodes in which companies operate to protect their businesses, produce pigs, grow seedings, and build the chain of farming industries. The company operates with a lot of flowers and synergies to achieve the best overall benefits. We look forward to a sustained growth of the company in the future.
There has been a steady increase in the sale of company feed, in which pigs benefit from the post-cyclical growth of pig husbandry, the rapid growth of poultry at a high climate, the optimization of aquaculture structures and the recovery of farm production, and the differential growth of pig prices and performance over 20 years of pig production.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Experience, in-depth study of the pig cycle, sugar cycle, etc., is good at industrial analysis and has solid stock selection skills.