Sea Group (002311.sz) Agroforestry and Fishery Feedsii (Agriculture and Fisheries)
Net profit is 96,944 million yuan, an increase of 31.26 per cent over the same period. 600 million yuan, based on actual repurchases at the end of the buyback period, and the sum of the current repurchase is the company's own funds; (2) the repurchase price zone is not more than 70 yuan/equity; and (3) the repurchase is used for equity incentives.
(iv) Repurchase periods are not to exceed 12 months from the date of the Board’s consideration of the adoption of the Repurchase Equity Programme. This repurchase reflects both the firm’s confidence in future business prospects and the emergence of good governance structures and long-term incentives for companies to compete within the industry.
At the same time, the company disclosed its bulletin on the use of its own funds to provide external financial support, which was passed by the board of directors of the company and agreed to use its own funds, up to a maximum of 150 million yuan (including 150 million yuan) through financial institutions, such as banks, for the purpose of commissioning loans and so on, without prejudice to normal production operations.
Acquisitions/leases are subject to financial support from companies or buyers/renters. From the business information disclosed in the bill and in the previous six months, companies plan to accelerate their production through mergers/purchases, such as acquisitions/leases, and to expand and improve the industrial layout, with an efficient extension in the industrial chain, which is expected to become the company’s future business.
As we continue to focus on the Sea Group, the logic is that: (1) water, according to the operating patterns of the previous cycles, is one of the potential growth points of Chen Zhenzheng.
We, the big sea groups: the fundamentals are in the upper cycle, and continue to focus on the starting point for the bottom up of the aquaculture and aquatic feed cycles; and (2) are affected by this year's heavy rains and weather stress.
Aquatic feed is expected to have a longer current cycle than in previous rounds and is expected to last at least two years; (iii) sea-based groups: cycle ups and ups and ups, with new production and release, starting a new release cycle for company-owned high-mori forage products from 2020 to 2022; and (iv) with live pigs.
The column continues to pick up, and the company's pig feed plate operations are expected to be followed up with a marked return to warmer; (5) The Grand Sea Group is an agropastoral group: a high-quality indicator of the post-farming cycle in the 2019 and 1st Quarterly performance stories of 2020.
Big sea groups: Basics are expected to warm back in 2020 to the risk of price volatility of raw materials such as fish powder and corn beans.