Cobalt drops are profitable, but they still have a strong risk-resistant ability to keep track of the Molymuth industry.
According to the Luoyang industry annual report, in 2019 the company achieved operating income of $68,677 million, an increase of $16,452 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $1,857 million, 1. The income growth resulted from trade operations: the company completed its crossm merger in July 2019.
The combined-calibre mineral trade revenue for the year as a whole amounted to $49,177 million, accounting for the company as a whole $1 billion (-5.13 per cent), the copper plate was reduced by $136 million (-9.31 per cent) and only the phosphorous plate,2 and the fair value changes supported the performance: the company ' s copper, cobalt, platinum, copper due to falling prices
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) is a trade operation, accounting only for the corresponding costs of off-the-shelf operations when accounting for the operating costs of mineral trade; while futures operations-related gains and losses are in the heading of fair value change gains and losses and investment gains
In the Luoyang industry, the cost of copper and cobalt plates is accounted for. Thus, the trading plate, despite a loss of $1.462 billion in Maori, has seen its derivative financial assets fall sharply and its profits are re-innovated in a single season - Luoyang.
The fair value was increased by nearly $2.2 billion, and after the hedge, a net profit of $2.72 was realized by ixm. The Molybdenum Industry Quarterly Review — 2018/05/013, Slab: The drop in sales is either significant or continues to drag.
As a result of the impact, such as slides, there has been a significant decline in corporate sales, with a volume of 15,000 tons (-17.89%) of molybdenum sales, and the impact of a decline in grade levels, which is expected to lead to a limited increase in production capacity. However, owing to the impact of the epidemic, downstream demand is expected to be in the range of tons and tungsten production is estimated to be between 0.7 and 0.9 million tons.
2.4-29 million tons; gold production - 2.25 million ounces - continues to decline, but gold production has recovered. In the short term, copper prices may remain weak, but the price of gold may be more definite.
5. Copper cobalt plates: Cobalt prices are stable and flexible. Cobalt plates are the main drag on corporate profits. Cobalt prices, on the one hand, went down sharply in 2019. Cobalt sales fell by 22% in 2019, while volume prices fell substantially below the cliff.
Slide. But the 3c product with a 5g pull-to-the-motivated product will boost the demand for cobalt in the short term: the increase in the rate of electrification in European automobiles will support the medium- and long-term demand for cobalt. With the cut-off in motorda, the basics of cobalt will gradually improve and the global cobalt market is expected to remain in 2020.
It is generally balanced, but the medium- and long-term cobalt price is still around. In 2020, the company planned 163,000 to 20 million tons of copper, 1.4 to 17 million tons of cobalt, which remained stable in phosphorus plates: performance was as stable as ever. The Brazilian phosphorus plate remained stable.
In 2019, iron and iron sales decreased by 17.65%, phosphorus sales increased by 2.76%, revenues increased by 2.46% on the same date, and the Māori rate increased by 3.32 percentage points. The supply of thorium remained stable because of the very high global concentration in the industry. The demand side benefits from rising consumption in China.
According to the International Fertilizers Association (ifa), global demand for phosphate is expected to rebound and increase by about 1.5% in 2020. Companies plan phosphorus production in 2020.7 Trade plates: substantial scale increases and profits increase. Companies plan for the mineral trade.
By 2020, 453-554 million tons of in-kind trade was expected to increase the share of contribution revenue throughout the year, and the pattern is expected to continue. Overall, trade operations are expected to continue to increase their contribution to Luxury, despite the overall decline in Māori.
8. Companies are more resilient to cycles and risks. Despite a sharp fall in corporate performance, we believe that companies, while having a unique and scarce portfolio of resources, can effectively offset lower asset-liability ratios and can effectively withstand short-term crises caused by the epidemic.
Due to the high probability of a global recession, consideration of the company's main varieties may be given a certain degree of profitability projection and financial indicators: Cobalt falls to a significant level of profit but is still highly resistant to risk _ the Luoyang track point
Cobalt falls back a lot, but it's still highly resistant to risk.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.