(a) Information technology software and services (IT software and services);
The Māori rate has remained stable and costs have fallen significantly: in the first three quarters of the company, Māori rates were 46.8 per cent in the first three quarters of 2017, a significant decrease from the same period last year, with a score of 77.1 per cent in the first three quarters of 2017 and a significant decrease in the same period last year.
The decrease of 8.42 percentage points shows that companies have good cost control capacity, and cloud services are growing rapidly, with significant cloud transformation gains: income from cloud services reached $122 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 70.6 per cent from cloud clients.
By the end of the third quarter, the total equity/flow (millions of shares) of corporate clients in cloud services had increased by approximately 300,000, 260,000 and 290,000 during the single quarter of the year.
The total number of households reached 3.53 million, an increase of 32 per cent from the end of 2016. The total market value/flow (million yuan) from the number of people dedicated to cloud operations was 1,890 by the end of the third quarter, the first three quarters.
The fact that the number of people has gone through a process of decreasing from a rapid increase shows that the company’s cloud business is well-functioning and that the network of friends (600588), whose financial business is growing well, has been very effective in its transformation.
Rapid, accelerated landing with a friendly cloud Financial services business is growing rapidly and information service business is developing rapidly: first three quarters, financial uniforms - 2017/08/26
Revenues from business amounted to $451 million, an increase of 222.4 per cent over the same period last year.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report