Use of a friend network (600588.sh) computer/computer application to join hands again, to integrate information flows, financial flows or hopefully accelerate data realization - use of a friend network to review the events of a comprehensive strategic cooperation agreement with the bank
A Comprehensive Strategic Cooperation Agreement was signed with the China Bank of Commerce and Industry using the Friends Network to manage business cash, settle business payments, finance business finance and supply chain, innovative financial and business integration services for customers of large and medium-sized enterprises and customers of small and medium-sized enterprises, and other initiatives including financial science and technology, overseas market expansion,
In cooperation with the industrial sector, we will build a new ecology called Corporate Cloud Services + Finance, with each other's systems working together.
Embedding, inter-routing, information flows and financial flows are expected to accelerate data realization, re-collaborating the new “business cloud services + finance” ecology. A friend network has started working with business banks in the business informatization phase, and in 2002 the two sides agreed on a strategic partnership.
Today, enterprises are moving towards the cloud, and the two sides, building on previous cooperation, are again engaged in deep-seated strategic cooperation to build a new “business cloud service plus finance” ecology.
Both systems are embedded in each other and channel each other. It is reported that co-worked products using the software products of Soyun and Soyun will be embedded in each other, which will be replicated, such as the use of the Soyuz technology in easy-to-buy products, the handshake of corporate services, the financial giants, and companies will provide firms with innovation and upgrading of their services.
There are already more than 3.53 million clients using the friendly network cloud service, and companies are using software and cloud services to meet the company’s needs.
Clients and 530 million individual clients provide a wide range of financial products and services and actively embrace financial technology.
Effective, high-quality and accessible financial services will be provided to friends, who will enhance innovation and upgrading of business services in business banks, and strong alliances, based on both industry positions and a broad client base, are expected to help companies to accelerate the realization of data through financial operations.
In the first three quarters of the year, the losses were 26.7 per cent lower than in the previous three quarters of the year, and the clouds and gold are standing in the present position, working together to make payments, cash management and financial management, supply chain finance, and looking to the future.
The “3.0 Strategy” has been steadily advancing, cloud services, financial uniforms or co-operative industrial funds, and has explored financial science, technology and innovation such as cloud computing, big data, ai, block chains.
(b) Acquisition of the Hram lead business with a view to creating a new business service scene using the friendly cloud ecological landscape, customer business, and the organic integration of financial products. (2) Cash management and finance: in cash management of the enterprise, the two sides will work closely together to provide a unified platform for the provision of support
Business cash management services, such as settlement of payments, pooling of funds, fund forecasting analysis; in the context of corporate finance management services, the parties will cooperate in providing standard or individualized investments, property management and customized solutions to meet the demand for value added of enterprise funds to help business clients to maximize the use of idleness
(iii) Supply chain finance: both sides will jointly explore the integration of supply chain funds as a model, develop new transaction banking services and innovative online supply chain financing platforms, and provide high-quality, flexible supply chain financial services to business customers.
Looking to the future: Both sides will jointly explore the creation of relevant industry funds and their respective advantages, as well as innovative cooperation in areas of financial science and technology such as cloud computing, big data, mobile Internet, artificial intelligence, block chains, etc., which will help business clients to transform digitally.
In 2016, a friend network announced its official entry into "Software, cloud services, financial business integration development" (FLIS) and the "Cyber Services for Development" (FIS), which is one of the triads of the friendly 3.0 strategy, which includes, inter alia, business payments, Internet access to finance information services, supply chain finance, etc.
The company's financial services business consists mainly of: (i) the business payment business (the holding firm's smooth and easy payment company is responsible for holding a third-party payment license), and (ii) the Internet access to information services for small and medium-sized entrepreneurs and individuals (the holding company's alumni).
In the first three quarters of 2017, payments from friends and Internet access to information services continued to grow at a high rate. In the first three quarters of 2017, corporate financial services generated income of $450,537,765, an increase of 222.4 per cent.
(1) The enterprise’s payment operations are carried out by the Free and Express Payment Company, which obtained a third-party payment license in July 2014.
Money-to-Money and Silver Enterprises Association: 1 Syndication Payment for online and offline receipts through a single access, with mainstream payments including quick payments, poss, Internet-based payments, etc.; 22017 First half of the year, the Department published a new generation of billing systems for small groups of customers and customers ' products; 3 Silver Unions
The services are designed to solve the problem of a small customer's access to multiple banks, and the Department actively contributed to the development of the business in the first three quarters of 2017, and the network has now been announced. In the third quarter of 2017, companies paid the amount of their business transactions to a total of 9 billion yuan (more than 100 billion yuan in the first half of the year), an increase of 418 per cent.
It was officially opened in October 2014; on 24 December 2014, its platform broke 100 million yuan; in July 2015, it broke 20 billion yuan; and in August 2017, its main lending and investment clients were entrepreneurs.
According to the company’s network of officials, the banking cooperation agencies of the Institute include, among others, the Bank of Beijing and the Bank of Shanghai. In the first three quarters of 2017, the total sum of the business was 21.7 billion yuan, and the sum of 10.7 billion yuan was added, an increase of 97 per cent from the end of 2016.
(3) Supply chain finance went online in 2017, providing financing solutions for a number of industry SME clients: the company ' s supply chain finance business completed system go-lives in the first three quarters of 2017, and connectivity with a friend-to-user medical firm, a friend-to-peer system, a friend-to-peer system, e.g., a friend-to-peer system, e.g., u-ordering, and so on, was achieved
Connected to the systems of external friends, such as the Shop Bank, the Jinking Lodge, and achieved first-line lending. A range of financial products, such as the Friends' Response Chain Financial Clouds platform, were used to provide financing services to SMEs up and down the supply chain, which, through the docking of business information systems and financial institutions, have been reduced, cars, energy, power suppliers, and others.
The corporate strategy of “software, cloud services, integrated financial business development, Internetization of service enterprises” has been steadily advanced as a strong alliance between business software services and financial giants, business banks, information flows, information flows, etc.
The depth of financial flows is expected to accelerate data realization.