Computers/computer applications for the friendly network (600588.sh) Associated with the strong and powerful to build the new eco-economy of the digital economy of the enterprise - an event review of the cooperative framework agreement between the friend network and China
On the evening of 25 December, the company's micro-credit public and China's Network of Associated Officials jointly announced that the company had recently signed a framework agreement for cooperation with China.
Using their respective technological and empirical advantages, explore synergies in the fields of big data, object networking, artificial intelligence, etc. Hu Wen and China will work together on products, cloud services, industry marketing, innovation in new technologies, etc.
(1) In terms of products, the two sides will cooperate in various fields, such as cloud, smart manufacturing, object networking, big data, ai: exploring human cloud, financial cloud, synergizing cloud, marketing cloud, purchasing cloud, cloud communication, electronic invoice, smart manufacturing, mobile Internet, object networking, big data, artificial intelligence,
In the area of cloud services, companies have all these areas, covering the full range of business needs; and in the area of smart manufacturing, material networking, companies have launched an upgraded industrial Internet version of 4.0 for industry in 2017h2, which is “intellectual” in 23 companies, including companies, at the end of December.
Out of more than 300 reporting units, the first suppliers of smart manufacturing system solutions have emerged (2) In cloud services, connectivity will have the advantage of laas (Vaud), and the company will have the advantage of laas (iuap), saas (industry cloud, field cloud): fully utilize the Chinese connection to Voyun in laas
High-level infrastructure and operating management advantages. Huo Yun provides cloud services such as laas, cdn, industry solutions under China’s umbrella, and more than a dozen cloud data centre bases have been set up in five regions of the northeast, northeast, south-west, south-west, south-east and central China in accordance with international first-class standards, and data are being deployed in Hong Kong.
Through the ability of friends to build up environmental chains of cloud services, acquire users, and continue to operate, using technology from Paas, saas platform, cloud markets, and cloud products. The company ' s iuap platform, which has more than 200 ecological partners, such as China Connect, China Telecommunications, Ali Baba, Net Easy, Microsoft, etc.
You can provide more than 400 business services.
Controlled TPS Insurance Brokers, Financial Services Business Map (3) In the field of industry marketing, the two sides will work closely together in more than a dozen vertical sectors such as education, government, health: education, government, health, e-commerce, finance, outreach, etc.
In collaboration with Zhejiang Strategic Cooperation, help companies will be able to access the clouds and use the Toyun Province to accelerate their landings.
(4) In terms of innovation in new technologies, the two sides will explore areas such as big data, object networking, ai, building industrial cloud platforms in Hubei Province and contributing to the promotion of each other's technological and data advantages, exploring big data, material networking, artificial intelligence, etc.
At the same time, the two sides will strengthen their cooperation in the construction of internal management systems and communications services.
And the future 5g network is expected to be effectively integrated with corporate smart manufacturing, corporate cloud services, driving companies down 26.7 per cent of their losses in the previous three quarters.
At the end of October 2017, a fixed increase in connectivity was completed, with direct corporate funding.
4.25% of the affiliates' equity investment fund, with 0.75% of the company's share capital, was involved in the proposed increase (the sum of 400 billion yuan, with an estimated 1.94% share in China's connection). The cooperation between the two parties will contribute to a significant increase in competitiveness and better service to the clients, while promoting a wide range of activities.
The company's 3.0 strategy is to use software and cloud services to meet the company's needs. It is to move into corporate finance to achieve the integration of information flows and financial flows, the realization of data, and to work together with China to help digitalize enterprises.