Using the Friends Network (600588.sh) computer/computer applications to build industrial cloud platforms in Hubei Province to help promote the "Ombuds Up" initiative - using the Friends Network to review the events of the Strategic Cooperation Agreement with the COMCEC in Hubei Province
December 8th, with the official Weibo public, the Hubei Economics and Informatization Council signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Friends Network to cooperate in the construction of the Hubei Industrial Clouds (Afriends) platform to better serve the Hubei business and promote the digitization of the Hubei business.
It was agreed that the use of a friend network would contribute to the construction of a unified Hubei province industrial cloud platform, heading towards the lake.
The platform will provide high-quality information services and promote networking and co-production of large and medium-sized backbone enterprises.
(a) To build provincial cloud platforms in Hubei Province, in cooperation or with a demonstration effect, to help companies to promote provincial industrial cloud construction in several provinces;
According to the Director of the Hubei Economic Advisory Commission, Wang Xiaoyan, the province is making every effort to promote 3121 projects to support the transfer of trillion-dollar industries, 10 or more 500 billion-dollar industries, 20 or more billion-grade industries, and 1,000 invisible champions in subsectors. This time, the province is building provincial industrial clouds.
This collaboration, or its exemplary effect, will help the company to promote provincial industrial cloud construction in the provinces. The Lake North Industrial Cloud platform connects with the Hubei political cloud platform, Chu Tianyun, for the whole of Hubei province.
Business provides cloud services in various areas such as procurement of clouds, marketing clouds, etc., to the Hubei political cloud platform, Chu Teng. The cooperative construction of the Hubei industrial cloud platform will enhance information-sharing and operational synergies, as well as data interface and resources with the Hubei Chu Teng platform.
The political cloud platform Chu Tianyun is a major project of the Hubei Provincial Council and the provincial government to accelerate the construction of the Wise Lake North, and is a platform for integrated cloud infrastructure services and data exchange hubs in Hubei Province. Based on a top-level strategic plan for a cloud in Hubei Province, the Chu Tianyun platform was launched in October 2015 and is oriented towards the government ministry.
Once again, working together, information flows, financial flows, or doors and societies provide a combination of cloud computing, cloud storage, cloud networks, cloud safety, cloud preparedness, etc. The first three quarters of 2016 saw a 26.7 per cent decrease in losses compared to the previous quarter, and clouds and gold.
At the end of the month, 550 application systems have been installed in 52 provinces across the province, providing various areas of cloud services.
Products and services for cloud applications in various fields, including the purchase of clouds, marketing clouds, human cloud, financial cloud, cloud making, synergizing cloud, tax cloud, communications cloud, analysis cloud, financial cloud, etc.
In 2018, the platform will help Lake North with the project "Many Clouds" and build a digital model based on priority industries and businesses.
The North Province Industrial Clouds platform will provide “one-stop” information cloud response services for 10,000 small and medium-sized enterprises, of which more than 2,000 are industry-sized, helping the Hubei Province's “One-way cloud” workers to build a digital transformation model based on priority industries and businesses. This collaboration will be based on a focus line.
In 2018, the platform will select 20 business groups and cadres in the Hubei province, including machines, automobiles, electronics, petrochemicals, steel, and so on, to promote web-based co-design and Internet-based activities.
The strategy of the company “Software, cloud services, integrated financial services development, Internetization of service enterprises” has been steadily advanced, and in collaboration with Hubei Province, a provincial industrial cloud platform has been created to help millions of businesses to gain access to the market, to cooperate or to develop tools.
It will help companies to promote provincial industrial cloud construction in a number of provinces in the future.