In cooperation with the Bank of Commerce and Industry, we will build the new Ecology of Corporate Cloud Services and Finance on November 26, 2017.
Minor cooperation agreements will provide for intensive cooperation in business cash management, enterprise payment settlements, enterprise finance and supply chain finance, innovative financial and business integration services for clients of large and medium-sized enterprises and small and medium-sized enterprises, as well as in other areas such as financial science and technology, overseas market expansion, consumer finance, etc.
• Working together on a comprehensive strategy to build a new “business cloud service and finance” ecosystem. Companies and firms have worked together for a long time, building on previous collaborations, to achieve deep and comprehensive strategic cooperation around the new paradigm of “business cloud services and finance.”
Business services, financial services, and itt services are becoming a three-way trend. For a friend, a big corporate strategy is under way, while at the same time expanding enterprise financial services to lay the groundwork for a follow-up. For a worker, the traditional business management model and service approach will change fundamentally in the future.
There are more than 3.53 million clients in the company and 5.784 million in the world. The huge customer base that both have will provide a good basis for this massive, comprehensive and in-depth collaboration.
• Specific and substantive cooperation in various areas to strengthen enterprise Internet and financial services.
Access to information and financial flows, and the possibility of using friendly clouds and traditional software products to be embedded in the same trades products, the point of entry has passed, new products have been released to promote clouds, reciprocal flows are promoted, and there is a win-win dynamic that enriches the function of the product and widens the client base.
Client services: Building on the existing micro-business service platforms of both parties, creating a network of friends of micro-enterprises: income acceleration upwards cloud services and financial services, overall support for micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprise development.
Without change, the enterprise Internet platform strategy is steadily moving forward, business payments settlements, business finance and supply chain finance: both sides will offer corporate cash management services such as payment settlements for the unified platform, pooling of funds, financial forecasting analysis, etc.
3. Friends Network: Integration of human resources clothing and organic integration of trading scenes, customer business, post-financial payment settlement services, in this regard, business and improvement of the corporate services biosphere
Leisure payments from friends are the main cooperative products, and they are now easy to pay for basic products from eight major enterprises and provide solutions for silver conglomerates and silver customers; and the vast amount of industrial property that makes it possible to use the 4-friend network: a new round of equity incentives
Friends provide business clients with customized solutions for value-added on corporate capital: in the meantime, both sides will work together to explore modes of supply chain financial cooperation and develop new trading banking services and innovative supply chain financing platforms.
As a result of the extensive development, we judge that some of the cooperative projects will soon be on the ground, promising short-term performance belts for companies, and that it would be more reasonable to value the company’s operations separately because of the large differences between cloud and financial services operations and traditional operations at the stage of development and profit patterns. The annual doubling of the value of 608 million yuan is given to the two years (2005-2007) ps in the area of 8-18 with reference to the foreign comparable salesforce’s listing.
In summary, considering the net profit of traditional software operations in 2018 of about 950 million yuan, the corresponding valuation of traditional operations in 2018 is only 18 times higher. Considering the leading role of friendly companies in interconnectivity and the high growth of subsequent cloud operations and financial operations, the “buy-in” rating is maintained.