Use of the Friends Network (600588.sh) computer/computer applications to help the enterprises in Zhejiang province with strategic cooperation, and use of the Soyun province to speed up their landings - Use of the Friends Network to review the events of the strategic cooperation agreement with the Zhejiang province ESC
12 December, released on the official V.I.V. of Soyun: At the 4th World Internet Congress, Friends Network participated in the signing ceremony of the Internet Major Project for the Recreation of Internet Entrepreneurship Project in Zhejiang Province, with Zhejiang Province Economy and Letter
Both sides will take advantage of their respective strengths and work together to promote the integration of the Zhejiang manufacturing sector and the Internet.
Xiangjiang has helped to keep the information economy in the lead throughout the country and to upgrade its manufacturing sector. Xiangjiang Province has actively promoted the “Change of Enterprises.” The company will build a cloud pole in Zhejiang and form a cloud ecological union.
Zhejiang Province has been active in promoting `business on the cloud'. Zhejiang Province has been promoting the integration of manufacturing and the Internet throughout the province since 2016.
In 2017, Zhejiang Province took the lead in launching the Plan of Action, which will be supported by cloud computing techniques and platforms, to accelerate the promotion of "business cloud" and to create Zhejiang as an enterprise cloud plan, counting the application poles.
The company and the Zhejiang ESC will first build the corporate cloud poles and plan to form the "College of Companions with Friends" network. Together with the Zhejiang ESC, the network will continue to deepen the process of dualization and build 100 model companies. In order to continue to improve the corporate cloud program, the "Collection with Friends" will be formed in Zhejiang.
The company will increase its investment in Zhejiang, promote industrial research, and build a smart manufacturing base in Zhejiang province.
The company will set up the Cloud Services Research Centre, which will provide design research and intellectual support for information-based cloud construction in Zhejiang province.
The company will also work together with the provincial universities to create a “innovation entrepreneurship” training platform, building industrial cloud platforms in Hubei Province, and helping to promote traditional teaching and training tools.
Once again, we are working together to create information flows, financial flows, or a smart manufacturing base in Zhejiang province to help create a national demonstration area for two integrations.
The Work Programme for Building National Model Zones with Deep Integration refers to the development of a new model of manufacturing based on a 26.7% reduction in losses on the same basis in the previous three quarters, cloud and gold networking. For example, co-manufacturing, developing c2m customization and flexible life.
Production models, product-life-wide management and services for products and equipment that encourage enterprise development, “3.0 strategy” has been steadily advanced, cloud services, financial uniforms etc.; at the same time, it has been proposed to actively promote the development of an Internet-based “double-in” platform for manufacturing industries.
To this end, a network of friends will build smart manufacturing bases in Zhejiang, promote manufacturing and Internet integration applications, develop smart manufacturing, promote the acquisition of the Herm leading industry, and use friendly cloud ecology.
The company has now entered into strategic agreements with Jiangxi, Hubei and Zhejiang provinces to accelerate their landing using the Soyun Provincial Cooperation Model.
In collaboration with the Zhejiang province ' s SILCC strategy, the company will create a series of poles for the dualization of Zhejiang manufacturing enterprises and the development of the upper cloud. In addition, the company has recently signed strategic agreements with the provinces of Jiangxi and Hubei to build a 1+x corporate cloud service platform, an industrial cloud platform, and a large number of local companies.
The company's strategy of “software, cloud services, integrated financial operations development, Internetization of service enterprises” has been steadily advanced, working with Zhejiang Province to build cloud poles for enterprises and accelerating their landing using the Soyun provincial cooperation model.