Various financial indicators have been tested for input, new products have been released to accelerate the growth of cloud operations, resulting in a net profit loss of $260 million for mothers and $355 million for the same period last year.
▪ Losses continue to narrow, and many financial indicators continue to improve as a sign that the high input turning point has passed. Corporate revenue has increased by 24.4% over the 24.4% share, and the net profit loss has been reduced by $355 million over the same period last year, from $260 million for the current year, with the third quarter's first quarter losses increasing by the same time, mainly in the form of amortization of equity incentives during the reporting period, if
After deducting this non-occupational factor, the third quarter loss is still more narrow than in the same period last year. In the first three quarters of the year, the Māori rate was 64.97 per cent, an increase of 1.2 pct over the same period; the sales, management and finance cost rates were reduced by billions of yuan, better than the same period last year - $645 million, and cash flows also continued to improve.
The number of people (8.3%) increased by only 1.7% from the second quarter combined (19.2% as of the second quarter). The company’s high rate of growth in its emerging business while maintaining a small staff growth is a sign that the firm’s research and development investment in its new business has reached a high point.
▪ The software business has been growing steadily, and the emerging cloud and financial operations have been growing at a high rate. In the last three quarters, the use of friend networks: income has accelerated upwards, corporate software operations have been generating 2,704 million yuan, an increase of 12.5 per cent, and cloud services have been generating 122 million yuan.
Without change, the enterprise Internet platform strategy has been steadily moving forward by 70.6 per cent over the same period, with approximately 3.53 million clients in cloud services, representing an increase of 9 per cent over the half-yearly period 2017;
The same-year increase of 418 per cent (an increase of 761 per cent in the first half of the year) and the combined sum of 21.7 billion yuan (or 22 per cent in the second half of 2017), per ring, for Internet access to information services businesses, and the improvement of the corporate services biosphere.
Quarterly synthesizing amounts show a gradual upward trend. Looking ahead, we expect the software industry to continue at a sustained rate of growth; cloud operations, driven by u8clud in four quarters, are expected to accelerate, start, and highlight corporate development confidence.
This has led to a three-digit annual growth; in the financial sector, payments are expected to start selling at a high of 300 billion cloud a year, which is expected to be the main driving force behind the growth of cloud operations throughout the year; and in the same period, the Department has published such things as an industrial Internet platform, smooth access t+cloud and so on, and the company is now operating nationwide.
On the financial front, October 2017, 70%, further improved the layout of the enterprise’s financial industry chain, laying the groundwork for financial liquidity expansion. The cloud and financial services business is still in a state of loss, making it more reasonable to value corporate business analysis.
The net profit from operations in 2018 was about 950 million yuan, while the traditional value of operations in 2018 was only 20 times higher. Considering the leading role of a friend company in the Internet conglomerate and the subsequent outbreak of cloud operations, the “buy-in” rating was maintained.