Together with Hubei Province ' s Industrial Clouds Platform, the provincial cooperation model is expected to be replicated rapidly throughout the country on December 10, 2017.
Incidents: According to the company ' s Wireless Public Message No. 1, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Economic and Social Council of Hubei Province on 8 December 2017 to cooperate in the construction of the Hubei Province Industrial Clouds (Friends) Platform to better serve the Hubei Enterprise, facilitate the digital transformation of the Hubei Enterprise and achieve mitigation efficiency.
• Together with Hubei Province to promote the provincial industrial cloud platform, which will build data on the production of eco-friendly businesses to provide a basis for follow-up. The cooperative Hubei Province Industrial Cloud platform will provide companies across Hubei Province with cloud products and services, including marketing, human and financial clouds, while the platform will be with Hubei Chu Tian.
By the end of October 2017, 550 application systems had been carried out in 52 provinces across the province. By the end of 2017, the Chu Tenyun platform will cover all provincial departments and allow for data interface and resource sharing at the provincial, municipal, and district levels.
In 2018, 10,000 small and medium-sized enterprises will be provided with cloud services, including more than 2,000 of them, and a sample of priority industries/privileged enterprises will be created, with a provincial and national demonstration effect; on the other hand, they will be based on machinery and steam in the provinces.
20 business groups and backbone enterprises in the sectors of vehicles, electronics, petrochemicals, steel, etc., promoting models of collaborative networking, innovation in Internet-based supply chain management models and promoting industrial cluster development.
1. Friends Network: Together with business banks, the integrated ecological system of industry in the cloud environment opens up room for imagination for further big data realizations.
Since 2017, the departments of Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Shandong and other provinces have been running plans for such projects, such as Zhejiang 2 and the Friends Network: various financial indicators have been validated.
In Jiang Province, the Plan of Action for “Incorporated Clouds” (2017), the Plan of Action for “1+30+300” in Jiangsu Province, the entry point has passed, new products have been released to promote the cloud, Shandong will promote 200,000 businesses for three years, and so on.
As a consensus, we believe that as the Guidance for Deepening “Internet + Advanced Manufacturing” Industrial Interconnection3 and the Use of Friends Network: Accelerating Income Trends Network continues to ferment, more provinces will accelerate the roll-out of the Business Up Clouds Plan.
Without change, the corporate Internet platform strategy has been steadily moving forward, while the former `Internet+' major project supported by the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and the new generation of national production erp projects of the Ministry of Trade and Communications have highlighted the country's recognition of corporate product and industry status.
4. Alumni Networks: Human Resource Conservancy in Equity, the above observations emphasize the formation of 3-5 internationally competitive industrial Internet platforms by 2025, business and the improvement of the corporate services biosphere.
On November 29, 2017, the company signed an agreement with the government of Jiangxi Province to build a 1+x corporate cloud service platform in Jiangxi Province, and this collaboration with Hubei Province has re-emerging the province's 5th user network: a new round of equity incentives.
The company’s series of cloud products has been published this year, the financial indicators of the three-quarterly peak in research and development/output report are now at a turning point, considering the eruption of clouds and financial services.