The first three quarters saw a 32.3 per cent increase in non-net gains and an increase in overseas orders. China Power (601669) reported a three-quarterly evaluation in 2023: the company issued a three-quarter report in 2023. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved total operating income.
421.4 billion yuan, an increase of 6.1 per cent in the same year; 9.49 billion yuan, an increase of 10.2 per cent in the same year; positive growth in the company ' s performance in the previous three quarters, with a sharp increase in the rate of new contracts signed abroad. In the first three quarters of 2023, the total income of the company ' s operations, the net profit of the parent and the net profit of the deduction of the parent grew 6.1 per cent in the same year, respectively.
10.2 per cent and 32.3 per cent, with a more robust growth in performance. Net cash flow for the first three quarters - $35.9 billion, with new contracts abroad amounting to $152.5 billion, an increase of 43.2 per cent over the same period; new contracts for energy power, infrastructure, water resources and the environment account for 53.0 per cent, 29.3 per cent and 29.3 per cent, respectively, of the cumulative value of new contracts.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company ' s Māori ratio rose by 0.6 percentage points to 12.3% over the previous three quarters of 2023, the company ' s Māori ratio rose by 0.6 percentage points to 12.3% over the Q2 ring, and the sales net interest rate ring under the Q2 ring was the lead in the construction of clean energy power, with rapid growth in the integration of the company ' s core business.
Including engineering contracting and surveying design operations, electricity investment and operations. The company has complete survey design and construction of hydroelectric, thermal, wind and solar power projects, the operation of core technology systems, integrated capacity and performance in hydroelectric power generation, and is the world’s leading global hydropower, wind and wind power.
The role of the clean and renewable energy sector as a leader in electricity-building is increasingly being consolidated. The investment proposal is that the company will be the leader in the construction of clean energy power, and that it will grow in the future.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.