High growth in non-net profits, fast-disbursing overseas orders, the event: 3-quarter company reports in 2023.
One hundred and twenty-three thousand and twenty-three hundred thousand and twenty-three thousand and twenty-three hundred thousand and twenty-three hundred and forty-two hundred and twenty-two thousand and twenty-two hundred and twenty-two thousand and twenty-two hundred and twenty-two thousand and twenty-two hundred and twenty-two hundred and twenty-one thousand and twenty-two hundred and twenty-two hundred and twenty-two hundred and twenty-two thousand.
By type of operation, new contracts for energy and electricity operations (including hydropower, wind, solar power, electricity, electricity, electricity grids, etc.) amount to $43.355 billion, an increase of 36.06 per cent; water resources and environment, $1 billion, a decrease of 19.12 per cent; and infrastructure operations (including municipalities, housing, railways, urban tracks, etc.)
The number of new contracts (transports, roads, airports, ports and waterways, etc.) is $23,9610 million, a decrease of 16.57% in the same year; for other operations, the amount of new contracts is $19,548 million, an increase of 44.62%.
The Department has signed contracts for energy and electricity co-operation projects abroad totalling approximately 670 billion yuan, or 50.68 per cent of the company's new co-signs abroad; and for energy and electricity co-operation projects in countries along the “one-way” route, a total of about 390 billion yuan, or nearly 60 per cent of the total of energy co-operation projects abroad.
A large number of priorities, such as ladder hydropower stations, the Pakistan Wind Project Cluster, the Brazilian beautiful mountain tower high-voltage transmission lines, energy and electricity projects, and a large number of infrastructure connectivity projects, such as the medium and long railways, and the Javan High Iron. During the recent third “one-way” summit, the company signed Saudi Pif's third round of saad2 light.
In total, 43.19% of all agreements were signed before and after the summit forum. As an important force for Chinese enterprises to “go out” and as leaders of the power-building industry abroad,
Businesses, companies, will pursue policy opportunities, continue to deepen traditional markets, expand emerging markets, and continue to promote high-quality growth in their overseas operations.
China's Galaxy Securities Institute has committed itself to producing this report independently, objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.