Peace Bank (000001): Maintenance of net profits incident: 8 March, Peace Bank published its 2022 annual report (formerly disclosed performance report). The company ' s Peace Bank has been fully transformed into retail banks since 2016.
Growth of 6.2%, 7.5%, and 25.3% is 12.36% annualized, an increase of 1.51 pct over the same period.
The volatility of the debt market slowed the growth rate and the provision of counter-breathing and net profits remained high. In 2022, the Bank of Peace had a large personal customer base, strong brand influence, a broad rise of 6.2% in revenue on a year-on-year basis, and the rate of growth was 2.5 pct less than in the previous three quarters, with the main drag being a fair value change.
The net fee income is equal to the net fee income, which is to boost retail transformation and create a leading intelligent retail bank.
Net interest income decreased by 0.6 pct from +8.1% to 0.6 pct. Strong core competitiveness support.
The net profit was 25.3% higher than in the previous three quarters. In terms of overall profitability, size, interest differentials, median income, other non-interests, cost, provision, tax revenue contribution of 2.4% respectively, and net interest differentials of the profit entity economy decreased.
2bp, drop by 4bp. (1) End of asset: interest-bearing asset returns have fallen by 2bp, with loan returns falling by 4bp. The decline in loan returns is mainly due to retail lending initiatives and reduced risk preferences. Companies continue to increase their mortgage lending, control new loans and credit card lending.
End: Interest-bearing liability interest rate increases by 1 bp, with savings rate rising by 2 bp, mainly related to the trend towards the periodicization of personal deposits. In the context of the foreclosure boom, individual term deposits have grown faster, with the year-end balance increasing by 39.8% and the average daily time-deposit balance rising by season.
The impact of capital market volatility has been sustained by high-end retail customers. (1) Clients: retail customers drop by 2.8 pct. Wealth, private customers have been growing faster, with wealth clients reaching 1.26 million at the end of the 22nd year, private clients reaching 80,000, representing an increase of 15 per cent and 15.5 per cent in the same year. (2) Aum:
At the end of the 22-year period, retail aum was 3.59 trillion, a decline in the same year, wealth management revenue was 22 per cent on the same year, a drop of 8.6 per cent in drag, and we judged that as the new wealth team began to work, it was time to make its contribution. In 2021, the Bank of Peace launched its new silver policy.
S1480197002 Reformed to create a new wealth team, based on the sale of life-risk products and a combination of complex financial products. The new wealth team grew rapidly in 2022, with over 1,600 people in the workforce and agents in 2022.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn Insurance revenue increased by 30% over the same period by 1.98 billion. The new wealth team is expected to grow into a wealth management business with a weak rate of interest and a more volatile risk countervailing capacity.
On the one hand, it has to do with a restructuring of the debt of a public customer, affecting about 14 bp; on the other hand, last December, the Standard Classification Standard for Car Mortgage of Concern was adjusted (by 30 days overdue).
The impact rate is about 11 bp. Follow-up asset quality trends require sustained attention. The year-end coverage is 29.3%, the ring is flat, and the risk offset capacity is maintained. Impacts have subsided, stable growth policies have worked, and the economy is expected to recover gradually, with retail business climates.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is up. Retail demand is expected to recover gradually over 23 years, capital markets and wealth management are expected to contribute, and asset quality figure 2: The net profit of the Bank of Peace 4q22 grew by 23.0 per cent per year.
Figure 3: Peace Bank 3q22, 2022 performance split, Figure 4: Peace Bank ' s 2022 dynamic performance split, Figure 5: Peace Bank loans increased by 8.7 per cent per year and deposits by 11.8 per cent per year
Figure 6: Badness, concern, and fluctuations in the rate of delay of the Bank ' s 4q22. Figure 7: The Bank ' s 22 year-end coverage ring is almost flat.
Table 1: Indicators related to wealth management in the Bank of Peace
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
The University of Cambridge, England, has a master’s degree in finance and economics.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Peace Bank (00001): The net profits have increased and wealth management has grown robustly, and there is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.