On 8 March, the Bank of Peace revealed a 2022 annual report: net profit return as compared to 25.3 per cent (up from the previous three quarters + 25.8 per cent): a steady performance and a steady increase in performance. In 2022, the Bank of Peace picked up at a lower rate than in the previous three quarters.
Overall robustness: The net return profit has maintained a strong growth trend since 2021, with Wang Qing Dynasty being the first in the market stock line to be disclosed as a fast performer, with an average compound increase of 25.4 per cent a year for two years.
Netting differentials are more resilient and capital structures are optimized. The 2022 Peace Bank netting was 2.75% less than the previous three quarters \triangleright.
The rate of return on interest-bearing assets and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased by 2 bp and by 1 bp, respectively, from the previous three quarters. The company invested in optimizing the asset-liability structure, resulting in an average of more loans per day throughout the year.
The ratio of interest-bearing assets increased by 16bp compared to the previous three quarters, and the average daily balance of deposits as a percentage of interest-bearing liabilities is expected to remain at a reasonable level and to continue to lead their counterparts.
Credit card and “new one” risk exposures are driven by an increase of 9bp to 1.32%. As the company increases the risk in the city-cities and the Great Bay, the Long Triangle, and the effective implementation of the counter-pricing, the risk is expected to be manageable.
The retail business has deepened its transformational excellence, and the silver insurance business has become an important engine of growth for large wealth management strategies. As the future recovers from the epidemic, consumption warms, and real estate risks are being handled, the company has a future for \triangleright.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Figure 1: Rate of increase in revenue and performance on a year-on-year basis Figure 2: Cumulative increase in performance on a year-on-year basis vs. Industry-wide level Figure 4: Cumulative annualized weighted roe and roa
Figure 5: Net interest margin vs. Industry averages Figure 6: Negative rate vs. Industry Figure 7: Subsidized coverage vs. Industry
In November 2019, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre.
M.A., Master of Economics, University of Shandong, Master of Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France, three years of non-banking financial research experience, formerly employed in Skywind Securities, August 2022, joined the Sinda Securities for non-banking financial research, Zhang Kaijing, Master of Science, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of actuarials.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out research in the non-banking financial sector.
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts banking research. Part of it does not, does not, and will not, be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.