The company's review report .. the banking industry has increased its profitability and assets have continued to grow.
At Zhang First Lai, the asset end continued to grow, with the periodicization of the liability end deposit increased in 2022, with net corporate interest revenue of $13.13 billion, an 8.14 per cent increase in the same year; the net interest difference of 2.5 per cent, a 4bp decrease in the same year.
trillion yuan, an increase of 8.7 per cent over the same period; among them, general business loans and retail loans increased by 8.6 per cent over the same period, with savings remaining at a high cost rigidity. By the end of December, total company deposits of 3.31 trillion dollars rose by 5bp, increasing costs on a regular basis; and co-manufactures, co-operations and others.
Interest rates fell by 27bp and 16bp. Small increases in non-interest income, surrogate revenue under pressure in 2022, company non-interest income of 49.765 billion, wealth management business under pressure, agency and commission fees and commissions were lower than ever.
(a) The quality of assets remained stable and the level of provision was raised until the end of December, and the investment rate of non-performing companies recommended that companies rely on China for safety, ecological synergies among beneficiary groups, and a combination of financial advantages;
The public and financial partnership “3+2+1” strategy, which continues to deepen technology and promote the transition to “digital banking, eco-banking, platform banking.” The asset-end expansion continues, the increase in public lending has picked up, the retail transformation has deepened, the property chain and consumption have recovered and the individual loans have been invested; and the contribution of China has been made.
In line with corporate leadership, wealth management is growing well, aum is growing robustly, and the contribution of private clients is increasing, helping to increase the scope for profit. The quality of assets is generally smooth, and the provision is adequate. In combination with company elasticity and stock price elasticity, we maintain a “recommended” rating, 2023-2025, bvps.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.