In the past year, the epidemic, real estate, and debt markets have had a greater impact on the banking sector, as well as on the company’s income.
We've also seen a marginal repair of the company's credit demand in four quarters, a strengthening of retail advantages, and a decline in risk preferences. The quality of assets may be the focus of market attention. First, we think: the release of savings risk, the exposure of real estate tail risks, the risk of large-scale debt to public clients, and the corresponding statement.
Performance has continued to increase, asset quality has increased slightly, real estate has risen and loans in the restructuring category have increased. Second, regulatory calculus adjustments have led to an increase in the ratio of concern, and in the risk classification management approach, loan delays have to be taken into account (with specific reference to our risk ratings).
The impact is a change in regulatory requirements that may have an impact on the classification of risk assets in small and medium-sized banks, but this is not an increase in real risk. Third, under the effects of the previous epidemic, the lag between retailing and others, the marginal pressure on the quality of existing assets, the rise in poor credit cards and new loans, the increase in delays within 90 days, and
Regular lending migration has increased, company retail assets are better priced and clients are more sensitive to risk. Regulation has increased late change and provision. Corporate strategic advancement and implementation have improved the customer base, especially zero sales, and gradually acquire and grow a better pool of consensual risk-pricing clients, adjusting it.
A sustainable asset-liability revolving and profit-making model. In our core portfolio, the company values the performance of the public and maintains a rating of the growth of the company.
In 2022, the Bank increased its profits by 25.3 per cent over the same period, and continued high performance led to higher profitability compared with the total market value (million yuan) China Peace Insurance Group, Inc.
Inventory risk exposure, regulatory requirements, stock restructuring impact concerns, confirmed, within 90 days, with an increase of $11.3 billion, concern over the impact of the increase in the regulation of individual car finance mortgage classification, regulation adjustments and individual restructuring of public debt.
As a result of economic downturns and recurrent epidemics, asset quality has deteriorated beyond expectations.
The Bank increased its net profits by 25.3 per cent throughout the year. Net interest income increased by 8.1 per cent over the year, fees decreased by 8.6 per cent over the year, other non-interest income increased by 22.3 per cent over the year, operating income grew by 6.2 per cent over the year, total assets grew by 25.3 per cent over the year 2022 over the Bank’s profits, and performance continued to increase by 25.3 per cent over the year.
Production and debt markets have a greater impact on the banking sector, as well as on companies, with a slight drop in earnings and a slight increase in bad returns. We also see a marginal repair of the demand for credit in the company's four quarters, a strengthening of retail advantages and a decline in risk preferences. The quality of assets may be the focus of market attention. First, we think: stock risk release, tail risk exposure, large-scale debt to public clients, negative real estate growth in the counterpart statements, and
Reorganization-type loans have increased. Second, regulatory-calibre adjustments have led to an increase in the ratio of concern, and in the new risk classification management, loan delays have to be taken into account as concerns (with specific reference to our risk classification points), an effect that is a change in regulatory requirements that may have an impact on the classification of middle- and small-sized bank risk assets, but this is not an increase in real risk. Third, under the effects of the previous epidemic, retail and others lag behind.
There are marginal pressures on asset quality, poor credit cards and new loans, an increase in delays within 90 days and an increase in regular loan movements, higher pricing of retail assets and higher client risk sensitivity. Regulatory effects and stock exposure are not to be overexploitated, but at the same time we continue to focus on further late changes and provisioning.
There have been improvements and gradual acquisition and growth of a better pool of consensual risk-pricing clients, adjusting to a sustainable asset-liability cycle and profit-making model. Companies look at corporate performance in our core portfolio.
In 2022, the Bank increased its profits by 25.3% on a year-on-year basis, and its size and provision continue to be the main contribution to the growth of its performance. Sustained high growth has led to a rise in profitability, by 12.36% on a year-on-year basis, by 1.51 percentage points on a year-on-year basis, by 8.64% on a core-level capital adequacy rate, by 4bp on a year-on-year basis, by capital uplifting, and by the continued need for capital buffer replenishment.
2. Interest-bearing assets, loan sizes, flat growth rates, higher growth rates for peers, slower growth in loans and bonds, slower growth rates for peers, slower growth rates for interest-bearing assets and a downward shift in the ratio of notes. At the end of the period, the average daily balance of interest-bearing assets was 9.8 per cent higher than in the previous three quarters. The rate of increase in loans was 0.3 percentage points lower than in the previous three quarters.
Retail loans have grown faster than public (non-record) loans in the second half of the year. For the first time since the publication of the quarterly average balance, interest-bearing assets in the fourth quarter have declined by 0.3 per cent below the ring; the industry ring ratio has risen by 9.7 per cent, and the retail loan ring has grown by 3.0 per cent compared to the public (including instruments) ring by 1.4 per cent over the second half of the year.
Operating and small consumer loans grew more significantly. Of this, the quarterly loan of licensed mortgages increased by 10.9 per cent, new loans and car loans fell slightly, deposits slightly higher than the previous year, and active liabilities continued to fall. At the published average balance, interest-bearing liabilities grew by 8.3 per cent over the same period, a 0.7 percentage point increase over the third quarter. The rate of increase in deposits was between 0.2 and 14.9 per cent, which was slightly lower than in the previous three quarters.
Retail deposits continue their high growth and regularization trend. By published average balance, interest-bearing liabilities grew by 2.5 per cent in the fourth quarter round, the net difference between three and four quarters was significantly lower, the spread was or was still largely due to the four-quarter spread, the yield of interest-bearing assets, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased, and the credit-bearing spread was pressured or still the main factor.
At the end of the loan, retail lending risk has continued to decline, returns have continued to decline, returns on public loans have continued to rise for three quarters, deposit ends, retail deposits have stabilized and public deposit costs have risen more. We are concerned that the warmer and better public demand and the higher pressure on public deposit competition.
At the end of the asset, interest-bearing assets have a rate of return of 4.79%, at the end of the fourth quarter, at the bottom of the line of 6 bp, at the end of the line of 5.79%, and at the bottom of the loan, at the bottom of the line, at 5 bp.
The interest rate was 2.15 per cent, the ring increased by 6bp, split by 2.32 per cent for retail deposits, a decline of 1 bp for public deposits, or 2.09 per cent for public deposits, and the cost of the same sum was mainly due to a sharp drop in loan returns.4 and 4 quarters of the revenue from fees was reversed on a year-on-year basis, with investment-type income affected by debt markets.4
The year-on-year fee was 8.6% lower than the previous three quarters, with a positive increase of 2.48% in the fourth quarter-on-a-year period. The split shows a slight increase in settlement and hosting charges throughout the year, with agencies, bank cards, and other transaction fees falling the most, with agency and commission charges down by 14.9% compared to the same period, mainly due to market shocks and sales fund revenues; in addition, credit card returns and billing fees.
The decrease in income affected the income from bank card charges. Four-quarter debt markets affected the return on investment throughout the year. Other non-interests of $19,557 million, an increase of 22.3 per cent over the year, decreased faster than in the previous three quarters.5 Stock risk exposures, regulatory requirements, stock restructuring impact concerns were confirmed and were overtaken by 90 days.
The poor stock continued to be exposed, with a negative loan rate of 1.05 per cent at the end of 2022, an increase of 2bp over the three quarters, with a slight increase of $826 million in the negative balance ring. The split shows an increase in bad real estate and retail sales. The retail rate was 13.2 per cent, an increase of 9bp over the three quarters. Of this, the credit card and credit card lending rate rose by 2.68 per cent, the credit card rate by 41bp, the new loan by 1.31 per cent and the ring by 1.31 per cent.
14bp, auto finance, personal operating loans, small consumer loans, and so on. For the public sector, the negative rate was 0.61%, and the quarterly decline was 10bp, of which 1.43% in real estate loans and 71 bp higher in ring loans. Companies continued to press down real estate loans, $11.3 billion, company bulletins: adjustment of regulations for the classification of individual automobile financial mortgages and individual restructuring of public debt, among other things.
First, it is expected to be related to the classification requirements for financial assets, which require attention (see, in particular, our report Risk Reference to a new classification, or further adjustments). Second, the company's loan of $17.1 billion at year-end, an increase of $5.7 billion, mainly in the restructuring of public debt, continues to be exposed to stock risk.
Non-lending anti-breeding profits, stable stock provision Profit anti-breeding mainly stems from the non-lending component, companies actively recover and resolve large non-lending issues, and non-lending impairments are reduced by 50.5 per cent over the year as compared to the same period. The write-off was greater, with 59.8 billion yuan written off for the year, an increase of 11.7 billion yuan and recovery of 11.9 billion yuan, a decrease in the same amount.
The downside of the economy and recurrent epidemics have led to a deterioration in the quality of assets beyond expectations.