The profit continues to rise, and the power supports the entity. \triangleright \triangleright \
Under this scenario, the 22-year net return to mothers increased by 25.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, continuing at a higher rate since 2021. Dismantling, 22-year net interest income increased by +8.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, either at a faster rate than the previous three quarters - 0.6 pct, or partly as a result of reduced demand for consumer credit due to contagion shocks.
The impact of the fund, the revenue of the fund, and the revenue of the treasury, was a certain shock, but the surrogate insurance income under the new silver policy reform was the same as +30.9 per cent, while the other non-interestable income was the same as +22.3 per cent, with a certain loss due either to the downside or mainly to the q4 bond interest rate up. The size of the increase was robust, with a focus on service entities.
Loans slowed down or were largely affected by the weak growth of individual loans, with higher deposits projected to be q4 foreclosures, 1. Bank of Peace (00001.sz) reporting in depth: taking control of the real economy; active service economy. Credit lending continued to tilt toward priority areas, with medium- and long-term loans in manufacturing for 22 years.
At the retail end, the quality of wealth management has improved, and the 22-year zero rating: optimal credit structure, effective service entities - 2022/10/08
The sale of aum, private sector aum aum, amounts to $3.59 trillion and 1.62 billion, respectively, and the private sector aum aum was raised. The Bank of Peace ($00001.sz) reported in mid-2022 that, by 45.2 per cent, the new silver insurance team was gradually becoming an important engine for large wealth management strategies, accounting for 22 years of silver insurance operations.
The construction of the new team has advanced rapidly, with an expected expansion of more than 1,000 people during the year. For the public sector, detailed reports are given in the first quarter of 2022 through the Bank of Peace 4.0001.sz.
In 22 years, the scale of complex investment financing reached 98.7 billion yuan. 5. Bank of Peace ($00001) 2021 explained in detail that the overall asset quality is robust and retail space is limited.
\triangleright is powerful, the impact of the epidemic on the production and consumption scenes is gradually decreasing, and retail bad rates are expected to be limited. But the overall perception is becoming more severe, with 60+ loans overdue at the end of 22 years falling as a percentage of non-performing loans compared to 21 years
Investment recommendations: good quality of assets, good quality of post-epidemic recovery Overall good quality of assets, coupled with economic recovery, is expected to lead to retail credit quality and double recovery to help \triangleright \triangleright
Figure 1: Equal rate of increase (cumulative) in the Bank ' s performance up to 2022: Figure 2: Net interest income of the Bank up to 2022; Increase in the rate of gain up to date (cumulative) Figure 3: Agent Insurance income of the Bank up to 2022 (billion yuan) and Increase in the rate of increase over the same period (cumulative)
Figure 8: Size of the complex financing of the Bank as of 2022 (millions of yuan) Figure 12: Forecasts of the Bank ' s financial statements as of 2022: 90 +/ Non-performing loans, 60 +/ Non-performing loans
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.