On the evening of 9 March, the Chang An vehicle released its February 2021 Express. In February, the Chang An car sold the entire fleet of 163,000 cars.
A total of 111,000 autonomous brands (Gwangqing/Hanbei/Footy) were sold, an increase of 583 per cent over the same year and a decrease of 30 per cent over the same period. The combined stock of Anfort brands sold more than 11,000 vehicles, an increase of 167 per cent over the same year and a decrease of 64 per cent over the same period; and the sales of 6289 vehicles by Chang Ammadha, an increase of 258 per cent over the same year, a decline of 47 per cent over the same period.
Autonomous brand bestseller led the growth in February, looking at market performance in March \triangleright (1) in February, which led to an increase in corporate sales. Specifically, Chang An is a Chinese brand sale in February.
One hundred and thirty-nine thousand vehicles sold, a 592% increase on the same year. Of these, the Blue Whale family won the crown and sold 90,000; the number of cars sold tomorrow was 33,000, sold tomorrow at the top of the list of sales of suv; and the number of Chinese branded sedans shirking at 15,000 sold by national sedans (2) showed an all-too-high growth and a decline in sales by companies.
The unit ' s comparison with the trend of depth 300 is the result of a low base of impact: however, a comparison of the FMC ' s narrow passenger industry in February, which increased by an average of 372% over the same period, is far greater than the average industry, with Chinese brands selling first. The decline in the ring is mainly due to better sales of vehicles and spring production in January.
As a result of the slowdown in sales and the “over-the-counter” policy, which reduces the demand for cars. The highest number of days worked in March, car sales were generally relatively high throughout the year, the after-year call was launched earlier, and the company’s sales continued to grow in March.
Automobiles will continue to increase their competitiveness as a result of a combination of auto-research and joint-venture innovation. In February, the number of un-t sales will be as high as 7038, with the expectation that they will be sold by the end of the month. In addition, the un-k system will continue to grow.
The column was opened for sale in March, and the new car increment is about to materialize; cs75plus 2.0t in the cs75 series has a blue whale 2.0t high-pressure direct-jet engine and E-Sin 8at gearbox, which is the main incremental vehicle type. Looking ahead, the company has a rational plan and autonomy for a new vehicle.
The nine new or upgraded models will be launched in 2021; a new platform in Chen will be launched by the end of 2021. In the case of the combined models, the increase will be mainly due to new deliveries, with the Aynford new suv sharp, sharp, explorer monthly sales reaching 4,000.2500-3000, respectively.
With Fox, explorers, and Lincoln National Product, the sales of joint ventures are expected to reverse. Together, China is building high-end brands with Ninder, accelerating the new phase of smart power.
The brand of a new high-end smart car is steadily advancing, including a self-researched electric car platform, a series of smart car products, and an intelligent life and intelligent energy ecology. The company released an extended, replicable smart vehicle, the Ark Architecture, a high-level auto-drive of the pre-modification layout, fully reserved development space. The first high-end sequence last year was uni-
In the long run, the company’s cross-border association with the information technology giants will effectively reduce the company’s intelligent electrodynamic research and development history, and accelerate the company’s product R&D process and enhance the core competitiveness of the intelligent age.
The Chang An Automobile is both driven by joint ventures and the product matrix is becoming more sophisticated; the new high-end smart branding project is moving ahead in an orderly manner.
"Recommended" rating maintained.
Report: Ark architecture is expected to drive companies to higher levels of intelligence, the automobile industry is not as good as expected, new models are not sold as expected, and cross-border cooperation projects are not as profitable as expected.
The company’s financial statement forecasts are aggregated to include civil securities. They are good at capturing stock opportunities from the industrial chain down and down, and have a well-developed framework of research systems for whole cars, as well as parts and components.
In 2019, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.