Investment ratings: Purchase (maintenance) Companies published sales data for February 2021, with 163,000 vehicles sold in February, an increase of 466 per cent over the same period. Of these, Chang An was the Chinese brand that sold 104,000 vehicles by car, an increase of 621 per cent over the same year.
• Industry and motor cycle resonance, with high sales on schedule. The impact of the epidemic last year resulted in a low industry base and a significant increase in corporate sales overall.
In terms of branding, Chang-Ann’s autonomous brand has maintained a high growth in sales under the industry’s and vehicle cycle. Of these, 32,697 were sold in the cs75 series for the current period, 15043 in the run-off series, and 10238 in the cs55 series.
Joint venture brand sales remained stable, with long Anford sales of 10932, an increase of 167% compared to the previous year, and company prices compared to the trend of deep 300, benefiting from the listing of multiple vehicles, including Lincoln's brand, in 2020.
6289 vehicles, stable. New cars in the Quescauni series, with a steady advance in electrodynamic intelligence. unik, the company's series number two, is about to be on the market, positioning large suv as unie.
The series of current flagship models, unik, has received much attention. At the same time, the company's ark architecture will be significantly upgraded in terms of landings, R & D progress, and only the un series is currently built on ark-based architecture, and it is expected that more vehicles will be made available to the company.
The company works in depth with China to create high-end smart electric cars. In the field of electric intelligence, the company, based on its own high input, introduces industry leaders as partners and will further accelerate the company’s progress in the field of electricization and intelligence.
Car sales are below expectations; new models are not on the market as well as risks such as expectations. 1. Long An automobile: high sales on schedule, industry 3. Long An automobile: better sales than industry, higher sales than industry.
The research area covers passenger cars, commercial cars, car parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Don’t worry: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, USA, six years of lithium research, covering the lithium electricity chain.
Teen Fei: Four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Commerce, Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. Shen Si: three years of research experience in buyer industry, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage; use of information on legal compliance, independent and objective production of this report, using data and information from the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.