:: Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) company announces annual sales for the year 2020 and 2 million vehicles for the year 2020.
It's 14% long. It's a quarter of a million vehicles a year, a 39% increase over the same year. Chongqing's Ayan + Fatty + a year's excess sales were completed, and the business panels performed beautifully, with liquidity (million shares)
In December, corporate sales were weak, mainly because of the control of wholesale music and the reconciliation of end-stocks. In 2020, Cs75plus, uni-t, and staggered ownership benefited from Cs75plus, uni-t.
In the joint venture, Chang-Ann's prices compare to the depth of 300, Ford bounces back, explorers, sharps, and Lincoln's brand multiple cars are making a great deal of money.
The uni series will continue to work together to create high-end brands, and the first un-t series of the long Anuni series will open up an up-to-date chapter of the long-ann autonomous brand. The second, un-k, is expected to be on the market in the first quarter of 2021 and is expected to continue un-t.
The momentum, followed by a series of ununis, will be sustained over the next five years, with five models planned to be launched, further improving the market segment of the autonomous high-end brand. Meanwhile, companies and Ninder and Hwa are expected to take an important step forward in building a brand of new high-end cars in a joint effort to create intelligent and electro-dynamic cars.
The volume of vehicle sales fell short of expectations: new models were not on the market as well as risks such as expectations.
The study covered the new energy and automobile industry. Som Weizheng: five years of experience in the automobile industry. Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. The research area covered passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new energy vehicles and traditional cars.
Beyonda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, with a national scholarship and study at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States of America, six years of lithium electricity research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. Teen Fei: four years of industrial design and voucher industry research experience, Master of Technology in Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.