Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) company published sales data for January 2021, with 252,000 vehicles sold by Chang An, increasing by the same year
Industry sales are expected to remain positive during the month. Chang-Ann’s brands perform beautifully, and Chang-Am is based on 153,000 cars sold in the main brand, an increase of 92.5%.
42,171 monthly sales, 23537 in a row, 12,866 in cs 55, and 118,68 monthly sales of un-t-type high-end branded vans, resulting in several months of elimination. Company prices compared to 300 in depth.
At the same time, benefiting from the resonance between industry and the company’s car cycle, the company’s own brand has a higher amount of multi-car terminal sales than wholesale sales. On the joint venture side, Chang Annford benefited from the catalyticization of the new multi-cars that went on the market in 2020, resulting in a monthly sale of 30117 vehicles, an increase of 96%.
• 2021 is young and the un series is fully active. In 2020, the company reduced the production line of the old car and the traditional engine line by a large amount, further reducing it by 2021.
The number of uni-t sales has been excellent since it was placed on the market, and the second type of vehicle, unik, is expected to be on the market in the first quarter of 2021, and unik has not been on the market as the current flag ship of the uni series. At the same time, the company will build the ark structure, which will be sent down to the capital.
There has been a significant improvement in the pace of research and development, with only the un series currently built on an ark-based architecture, and it is hoped that the next step will be more widespread, providing more room for companies to lower their prices. Car sales are below expectations: new models are not on the market as much as they are expected.
Longan cars: better sales than industry, higher sales than industry 3. Longan cars: performance against expectations, operations: Haaanrearch
The research area covers passenger cars, commercial cars, car parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Don’t worry: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, USA, six years of lithium research, covering the lithium electricity chain.
Teen Fei: Four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Commerce, Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. Shen Si: three years of buyer industry research experience, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, research areas covered wind and light voltage. Using information of legal compliance, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.