On January 18, 2021, the Chang An vehicle formally signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Tokyo East, and the two sides will be in the car.
There's full-scale and in-depth cooperation in technology development, product design, and whole-of-car applications. Together, the semiconductor shows the tap, and the smart cockpit field \triangleright
The cabin shows an important port as an interface between humans and a key breakthrough point for conventional car transformational smart cars. Kyoto East is the global semiconductor leader. 2020 shows the number of screens and the size of the cargo.
Research and development efforts in the areas of technology, vehicle terminal products, and smart seating scenes are building together the world’s leading smart cabin solutions that provide users with better visual experience and new ways of driving intelligently. With this collaboration, the vehicle will further enhance the intellectualization of its products and accelerate the expansion of its capacity boundaries in the field of intellectual travel.
The Unit, compared to Deep 300, will accelerate the pace of cross-border cooperation and achieve a full breakthrough in the field of intellectual travel.
In 2018, Chang An and Teng, Boshi and 100-degree partners formed the Bei Doo Sky Consort Alliance to network and auto-drive; in November 2020, the company announced that it was working with China and Ninder to build a global leading, autonomous, smart motor vehicle platform to create a new brand of high-end smart cars; and only two months later, Chang An had a strategic alliance with Kyungdong.
Do. The firm ' s accelerated pace of cross-border cooperation demonstrates its determination to develop in the area of smart driving, while further upgrading its ability to control the industrial chain, developing new business models and helping it achieve a full breakthrough in the areas of intelligence, new energy, power development, software development, and intelligent industrial parks.
In 2020, the company accumulated 2.04 million vehicles, up 13.6% from the previous year, better than the automobile industry as a whole, evenly and above the target of 1.91 million at the beginning of the year.
The volume of vehicle sales, such as un-t, is much higher than expected: on the joint venture brand side, there is a strong recovery in Chang Anfort, a year-on-year increase in cumulative sales, upgrading of vehicles, resonance between the new product cycle and the industry cycle, a build-up of the firm’s active joint technology giants, increasing brand competitiveness and technological strength, and a subsequent roll-out of the vehicle model is expected to maintain a high sales rate and contribute to performance.
Co-operative technology giants work across borders to expand the boundaries of capabilities in the field of smart travel, increasing technological capacity to produce, the industry is not recovering as expected, company models are not sold as much as expected, and new models are not on the market as expected. 1, Chang An vehicle (000625), the ark structure is expected.
Pushing the company towards high-end smart brands. A summary of company financial statement data projections. Wang Jingjun, B.A. in Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, July 2018.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.