Increased profitability and expectation of special advantage in wealth management Events: Monopoly securities published in 2021, company revenues in 2021 were 16,418 million yuan, compared to securities (6,01878)
The average daily turnover of the market is 10,58.2 billion yuan, an increase of 24.76 per cent over the previous year.
Quarterly public funds are issued in cold condition, but because of the size of corporate public funds (4q21 million), only 23.6 per cent of the total financial product is held, and most of the rest is held in private funds.
Private fund-raising income from requisitions of 1 per cent + management fee *0.75 per cent + partial performance (carry, sales revenue grew by 77 per cent on a year-on-year basis well above the growth in sales and holdings of financial products by 45.4 per cent and 32.4 per cent, due mainly to the share of private fund-raising closed product management fees in 2022 and Carry ' s introduction)
The advantages of private fund-raising model-based wealth management are expected to become more apparent in 2022. Because companies have high-quality investment teams, they have greater control over clients’ assets, and they have a professional financial product selection system.
A virtuous cycle of growth in the size of the customer's assets is achieved by Deep Farming, Rich, and Client Investment Experiences and Management.
The company’s profitability will continue to grow as private equity continues to grow. Investment and credit operations will develop robustly, with multiple channels to supplement operating capital to support business development.
Reimbursable; and release, at the end of the three seasons, of the $7 billion transferable plan, $3.5 billion was for investment and trade operations, $3 billion for capital intermediation, and the company's heavy capital operations are expected to benefit from the capital.
The capital supplement is a steady development. cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. Bonds underwriting a pretty good business, expecting 2022 investment performance.
Building No. 1 of the 9th City Street in the West Side of Beijing City, with revenue of $10.83, or +5.6 per cent of the year, has expanded the advantages of corporate bond underwriting, with corporate debt, corporate debt underwriting and the single amount remaining the first in the province, with bond underwriting of 1227.14 in 2021.
Millions of yuan, compared to +27.5 per cent, the share of bond underwriters rose from 1.07 per cent to 1.16 per cent in the same period last year.
A high degree of client acceptance is expected to lead to a further expansion of the company’s intra-provincial investment advantage, with a high rate of growth in the performance of the public sector in 2022. Management of business risks will be cleared, with more than 80% active management, and 2022 “Project number one” expected.
The company achieved $394 million in asset management business revenue in 2021, a year-on-year increase, forcing the company to strengthen its control, respond positively to pass-through regulatory policies and improve its proactive management capacity.
The scale of the dynamic management has been set as an operational goal, from 83,921 million yuan in 2020 to 3.06 per cent in 2021, to raise the return on investment in stock products, to establish a firm “first-class asset management company with an equity identity” and to raise the level of capacity and active management of large asset classes.
The increase is expected to be fully reflected in the 2022 management performance. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Zhejiang province is economically well developed, listed companies and high net people are resource-rich \triangleright
Rich, well-positioned in corporate investment, wealth management, etc., private-sourced wealth management advantages are expected to further highlight that corporate profitability will make a qualitative leap as revenue from wealth management increases. Based on the fall in the market in the first quarter of 2022, public funds will be released.
20-fold valuation of wealth management operations, investment operations and capital management operations (average 20-fold valuation of international municipal funds for bid) and \triangleright for other operations
Figure 6: Revenue from surrogated financial products as a percentage of brokering operations increased to 22.9 per cent; Master ' s degree, Graduated from International Finance, Business, University of Duren, United Kingdom; former Deputy General Manager, Naval Capital Leasing Department, Yonghai Leasing Business
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for non-banking finance researchers, Wang Jing, a master's degree in finance at Boston University in the United States, joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, where he was engaged in non-bank finance research, which he did not have, does not have, does not have, and will not have direct or indirect relevance to, the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.