On March 25, TSA released its 2023 annual report: 15.405 billion pancey@cfsc.com.cn
A strong leader, profit, or a step-by-step bottom-up. A marked fall in performance, mainly due to increased competition in the market and lower product prices. In addition, the company lost about $150 million in impairments in four quarters against one quarter.
Performance is a major disturbance. Under the integrated layout, the municipal share of the company ' s electrolysis fluids has risen to 36.4 per cent, and the city ' s share and profitability have kept the industry at the forefront.
The U.S. project purchased land in June 2023 and the project is in the advanced stages.
In addition, in June 2023, the company set up a Moroccan subsidiary to enhance the European production and production structure.
The company has also been growing steadily in terms of new lithium salt and other lithium battery materials, and the company ' s electrolytic liquid formulation products, such as lifsi, have been imported in bulk into some core phosphate lithium batteries.
Use or will increase rapidly; glue-direction companies replicate and expand their client base; glue-direction continues to improve product quality and competitiveness through process optimization and core raw materials;
Volatile fluctuations have affected sales by the same year, but sales have remained steadily increasing, while the Māori rate has risen from 29.8 per cent to 35.8 per cent, thus increasing corporate Māori by the same amount.
7.6% to $360 million. The company has implemented a deep marketing strategy for domestic and foreign large-scale customers, sodium sulfate entering the Arschlande supply chain system, making major breakthroughs, while collaborating with large clients in the development and supply of their key raw materials.
The Division’s core competitiveness is high, electrolyte is profitable, or gradually reaching the bottom, and new lithium salt, sticky
New growth points, such as winding ups, we look at the company’s medium- and long-term upswings, giving a “buy-in” rating. Policy volatility risks; downstream demand below expectations; product prices below expectations;
Risks of deteriorating patterns; expanding production capacity less than expected; risks of overseas operations; original Li Jiangtao: New Energy Leader, Master of Quantities Economics, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, formerly a well-known company Pe, engaged in first-level and first-level semi-markets, and participated in the financing of a number of well-known projects in the new energy sector.
In 2021, he joined Chinese securities, covering in depth electric vehicles, lithium electricity, storage energy, hydrogen energy, new lithium electricity technologies, and sodium electricity. Pan Ziyan: Master’s degree from the University College of London, 2021.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.