Power shares (002463) Electronics 209h1 over-expected performance, 5g+ automobile electronics high growth in double-wheel drive performance
South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: corporate disclosure forecast for the first half of 2019, with projected profits of 4.4-50 million yuan in the first half of the year, rising profitability and exceeding expectations. Company q2 returns net returns of 280-34 million yuan in the first half of the year.
Some of the value-added products in the inventory have not been recognized since the first quarter, the second quarter, and the level of Maori has been high. The increase in the company ' s Māori ratio since 2018 has been due to the good performance of the three main plants: the sustained growth of micro-electricity and the gradual realization of the benefits of automation and intelligent production reforms.
The efficiency of plant management has been continuously improved and profitability has increased significantly; Yellowstone has benefited from the continued steady increase in the scale and efficiency of capacity of the Yellowstone plant in the area of communications and computing in low- and middle-end enterprises, which achieved a reversal of performance gains in 2018. The increase in net corporate interest rates since 2018 is due to effective cost control.
In 2018, 2019q1 cost increases were slower than net interest rates, resulting in a significant increase in net interest rates. The main business was stable on a year-to-year basis, with communications pcb+carpcb accounting for 80% of the revenue. The company now dominates 14-28 floors of corporate communications market boards, medium and high-level motor boards, which can be widely applied to communications equipment, automobiles, and industry.
There are a number of well-known domestic and international businesses, such as Nokia, Siemens, Cisco, Hua, China Communications, Siemens, Ericsson, Sony, Sharp, among them, and Nokia has been the top five clients of the company.
The development of webs, host networks, core network pcb and high-performance calculators, high-speed switch pcb, and the development of the corresponding key technologies for the 5g base station products that were previously developed have matured and are ready for bulk delivery.
D+6, semi-flexdecap, etc., achieves a 77ghz car range radar product-quality demand end: 5g+ car electronic double-wheel drive and demand-side high growth. On communications: Massivemimo technology is applied accordingly to base stations as 5g devices are characterized by high bandwidth, low time delay, high frequency.
In addition, unlike the 4g base station, inter-equipment connections in the 5g base station will be more frequent with pcb panels and higher performance requirements for pcb, resulting in higher demand for single-station high-frequency high-speed pcb; and, in relation to the 4g period, 5g
The number of base stations is expected to rise significantly, triggering a massive demand for pcb. Automobile electronics: car electron + new energyization is expanding and single-car pcb is increasing; advanced driving support systems are deep penetration into the +mm wave radar, and pcb is about to move into a fast-growing phase.
• At the supply end: three production bases are functional, reasonably configured, and the transfer of production elasticity is released. Three production bases are required for the company's owner: Quanshan, Quanshan and Yellowstone, and the Yellowstone II plant, which locates the car plate, is expected to be completed by 2019q4.
Communications products, more than half of which are above 16 floors; car products concentrated below 8 floors pcb: Yellowstone carries orders for products below 18 floors at the lower end of the Quanshan Qingshan and Qui Li Wei, mainly enterprise communication boards, non-safe motor panels and industrial control boards. Three production bases are currently in place.
Real estate capacity utilization is maintained at high levels, with rapid release of productive capacity and performance elasticity as a result of increased market demand The elastic release of production capacity from wheel-driven and three major production bases, covering for the first time, giving an “enhanced” rating. 1 Deep-farm communication + car pcb, 5g era is promising
The company was established in Quinshan City, Jiangsu Province, in 1992, and was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2010. Since its inception, the company has been based on the production of circuit boards for research and development design and manufacturing.
Many years of market expansion and branding have grown into one of the major brands in the printing circuit board industry. Companies ranked 19 in the global pcb 100 list released by industry research institute nti in 2017, rated by the Chinese Association of the Printed Circuit Industry (cpca) as an excellent national branding company, and published in cpca as the seventeenth (2017) Chinese pcb company.
The company’s clients include Nokia, Siemens, Cisco, Wah, China Communications, Siemens, Ericsson, Sony, Sharp, among many well-known domestic and foreign companies, of which Nokia has been one of the top five clients. The company operates on production orders, double-faced multi-layered circuit boards, high-density interconnection boards (hdi), circuit panels, etc.
Products such as connection lines and connectors for electronic equipment. Companies currently dominate 14-28 floors of corporate communications market boards, medium- and high-level motor panels, and are strongly supplemented by office and industrial equipment boards, which can be widely applied in a variety of areas, such as communications equipment, automobiles, industrial equipment, medical equipment, microwave frequencies.
Main battalion operations are stable year after year, and communications pcb+carpcb accounts for 80% of the revenue. The company’s main business, pcb, accounts for more than 95% of operating income, reaching 98.2% in 2018.
63.4 per cent, 23.3 per cent, 9.4 per cent, 0.4 per cent, communications pcb and cars pcb form the bulk of operating income, with a steady increase in revenue and a good performance in the first quarter. Companies ' operating income has grown steadily over the last five years. The company ' s performance for the year was poor. The relocation was officially completed at the end of 2015, with the construction of the new plant in Kunshan in 2016 and the company ' s recovery.
The annual global pcb output was about $63.55 billion, an increase of 8.0%. The company ' s revenue growth in 2018 was 18.8%, well above the industry average.
Corporate R & D spending is mainly on telecommunications and car electronics pcb. In communications, the focus is mainly on wireless 5g, carrier networks, core network pcb and high-performance calculators, high-speed switchpcb.
The corresponding key technology for the 5g base station product is mature and can be delivered in bulk. In the electronic part of the automobile, the pcb development, mainly of the auto safety module and the autopilot module, has developed the backdrilld+6 and semi-flexdecap processes, resulting in the production of 77ghz vehicle range radar pcb products.
Māori growth is innovative and profitable. The company's profitability has improved over the last five years, with Māori rates and net interest rates, and Māori increases in the performance of the three main plants.
Yellowstone has consistently and steadily increased its capacity and efficiency in the area of medium- and low-end business communications and computing, achieving a loss-of-performance gain in 2018. Since 2018, net corporate interest rates have been raised by effective cost control, and three major cost increases, in 2018 and in 2019q1, have been slower than net interest rates, which have increased significantly since the harvest.
Reasonably controlling costs and operating more efficiently. Corporate sales rates have been declining steadily in recent years, ranging from 2019q1 to 3.8 per cent, indicating long-term strategic partnerships between companies and clients, with lower maintenance costs. Financial rates have been maintained at a low level of less than 1 per cent over the long term, with companies operating more efficiently. Corporate management rates increased in 2018 and 2019q1.
1.3 The equity structure is stable, and the equity incentive is to promote unity of interest The family of Wu Reyuan, which indirectly holds 20.83% of the company ' s shares in 1992 by holding 100% of the shares held by the owner of the Angry Electronic Holdings and 75.82% of the shares held by the Affiliates.
At the time of its creation, the Wu Reeang family had a new pcb company, which had been founded in 1978, producing high-level, multi-layered circuit boards and high-value communication modules. At the time of its creation, the Wu Reeang family had come with technology, top managers, and orders from Nan Yi, and then, in order to avoid competition with their peers, the Wu family had voluntarily given up the shares of Nan Leewe and resigned.
By holding 100% of the holdings of the controlling shareholders, the family shares in 75.82% of the joint shares of the company, which together hold 20.38% of the company’s shares, are the company’s actual controllers. The company’s main subsidiary consists of Yellowstone Electronics Ltd., Quintsan Microelectrics Ltd., Quints International Ltd., etc.
On 2 January 2019, the company awarded 6 million stock reserves to 134 incentive recipients, which account for the company ' s current share of the restricted shares that could be released in the year if the company failed to meet the above-mentioned performance evaluation targets.
Equity incentives can promote corporate executives, shareholders’ interests are aligned, the motivation and creativity of employees are fully mobilized, and the cohesion of high-level employees and competitiveness of firms can be promoted.
2 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations Scenario 1: High growth in operator capital spending to maintain wireless investment at a height of 5 g will drive base station side pcb demand into a high-growth period;
(b) Assumption 3: Māori rate, benefiting from product structural optimization as a result of the increase in the volume of high-frequency high-speed pcb shipments, Māori ratio proxies: 4: Equity incentive costs lead to increased corporate management costs, with three-year management rates of 2019-2021, respectively
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.