Information technology hardware and equipment continued to outperform expectations and 5g opened up the future growth ceiling.
In the first half of 2019, the net profit to the mother was $440-500 million, and in the short term, corporate orders were still in short supply and demand in the corporate communications market had driven the company to a record high Māori ratio.
The company's communications products, including wire and wireless operations, have a high level of Maori for new products. In recent years, the company has increased its potential production capacity in three ways, including the former Quanshan moving plant, continued construction of the new Yellowstone plant, and continued expansion of its environmental input, which has improved the company's subsequent expansion.
With the gradual upgrading of yellow-stone capacity and the further improvement of the green-pit energy structure, there is still much room for rising corporate profits. In the long run, the use of 5g pcb will be a guarantee of the company’s performance over the next few years.
The issuance of four 5-g licence plates six months ahead of schedule indicates that the government has accelerated the commercial pace of 5-g against the backdrop of pressure on the 5-g industry in China, represented by China (millions of shares).
Total market value/flow (million yuan) According to our projections in the Insight Report: The Tide of the 5g Age, the global hardboard market size of the 5g base station in 2019-2021 was 47/118.1 billion yuan, 4g+5g
The base station has a rigid market size of 128,172,28.9 billion yuan. We believe that 5g in 2019 brought the shares of the power plant (002463).
The construction peak of 5g will lead the base station to a high-speed growth period, with demand expected to double in three years. The most significant benefit to the national producer of pcb is the construction of two communications pcb taps: the deep south circuit and the shoal.
Performance continues to outpace expectations, with 5g opening up future growth ceilings.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.