3-quarter performance pressure on the tap to the point of demand for basic chemical materials.
At the end of the supply side, according to CHO, the total production of titanium powder in China in the third quarter of 2025 was 3.4 million tons, an increase of approximately 12997 tons (same as -14 per cent, ring as compared to -9 per cent).
570,000 tons, an increase of about 20%, and a steady increase in the supply side. titanium powder is mainly downstream in the paint industry. As of September 2025, the country's housing stock had accumulated at the same rate - 15%, and traditional demand continued to weaken. On the export side, China exported 156,000 tons of titanium powder in September 2025 (+6.5%, ring).
Despite the growth of exports in September, cumulative exports in the last three quarters have declined by the same year, as a result of anti-dumping measures in the EU and India, among others. Business price hikes in August-September, titanium powder prices have been phased out, short-term demand and supply games are still loose, and industry concentration is expected to progress.
Supply release and weak downstream demand both have a downward pressure on prices. In the third quarter of 2025, iron ore futures settlement prices (active contracts) averaged $782 per ton (+4 per cent year-on-year, ring ratio + 10 per cent), The Longing Group (0020601.sz) - purchase of vanatoruk titanium powder assets, accelerated.
The price of iron ore has risen. The steel plant’s high start-up rate supports rigid demand, while the supply end-end increases include the "Rabing Group (00201.sz) - second quarter net reel ratio, long-term resilience and structural contradictions; but the end-use steel demand is weak, steel stocks are accumulated and prices are constrained.
The company is actively promoting the project “Combined Development of the Two Mines in the Red Glands” and “Su Jia Trench Metals” (00201.sz) — Quarterly Reciprocity Group, titanium powder scenes ready for development”, which will bring the future titanium concentrate to 2.48 million tons, and the iron concentrate to 7.6 million tons.
The three-quarterly increase in the mother ' s net ring ratio resulted in a slight decrease in the price of titanium. The average market price for titanium level 0 in the third quarter of 2025 was $50147 per ton (same as the net profit of the Group (002601.sz) in the second quarter, with a rate of self-sufficiency of titanium concentrates).
The ratio is 4%, the ring ratio - 2%), overcapacity in the industry, weak demand for public goods leading to a backlog of stocks, prices, investment proposals: corporate titanium industry is strong, but the weak supply and demand of titanium powder and titanium mines are profitable, and the net profit from mother-to-child drops compared to the ring are mainly influenced by the decline in the price of titanium powder in the main business.
Figure 1: Quarterly operating income of the Group (millions of dollars) Figure 2: Quarterly net profit return of the Group (billions) Figure 3: Quarterly Māori rate of the Group, net interest rate
Figure 4: The quarterly sales, management, R & D, and financial cost rates of the Lone Song Group The average price of the powder is approximately 12997 yuan (year-on-year-over-14 per cent, ring ratio-9 per cent). At the end of supply, according to creative information, the total production of titanium powder in China was 3.4 million tons in the first three quarters of 2025, an increase of about 570,000 tons, an increase of about 20 per cent over the same period, with a steady increase in the supply end.
titanium powder is mainly downstream in the paint industry. As of September 2025, the cumulative area of our houses was between the same and 15%, and demand continued to weaken. On the export side, China exported 156,000 tons of titanium powder in September 2025 (+6.5%, ring growth, but was affected by anti-dumping measures in the EU, India, etc., and accumulated exports in the last three quarters.
In August-September, firms posted high price increases, titanium powder prices were phased out, short-term demand and supply games remained loose, and industry concentration is expected to rise further. As a result, prices were under pressure.
The price of iron ore has recovered. The steel factory’s high start-up rate supports rigid demand, with limited supply-side growth and structural contradictions; but the end-use demand is weak, steel stocks accumulated, and prices are constrained.
In the future, titanium minerals will reach 24.8 million tons, and iron minerals will reach 7.6 million tons. Sponge titanium prices will drop slightly.
Figure 6: Iron ore futures settlement price ($/ton) and sponge price ($10,000/ton) Investment proposal: The company titanium powder industry is strong, but the supply and demand of titanium powder and titanium mines are weak for profit, and I assure the author that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author