Longsong Group (002601.sz): titanium powder has returned to the bottom on October 29th, 2025.
3rd Quarterly Report 2025: The first three quarters of the company realized operating income of $19.436 billion, a company dedicated to new materials such as titanium, zirconium, lithium, etc.
The price of titanium powder, titanium titanium, titanium, lithium, titanium powder has fallen in profit since 2025.
The product is sold to more than 100 countries and regions on six continents, with a capacity of 1.51 million tonnes/year of titanium powder production and a capacity of 22.29% of sponge titanium production, which is a drag on net profit performance.
The price of titanium powder has begun to rebound in three quarters. The price of titanium powder has now reached the bottom of the price for almost five years.
Six cities in five provinces, with initial extraction of minerals from titanium. Especially in the second quarter of this year, exports affected by anti-dumping in several countries abroad have been blocked, market prices for workers, to titanium powder and titanium metal manufacture, and derivative resources combined.
On August 18, the Group announced a price increase for titanium powder and price increases for domestic customers.
The stock company is operating in the Orient Plum industry. 500 dollars per ton, an increase of $70 per ton for international customers. We expect to rebound as demand recovers, and the price of titanium in the powder market is expected to rebound. The company, as a leader in the titanium industry, is expected to pick up the price of its products.
The company’s titanium powder and sponge titanium production are among the world’s highest in size, with a capacity of 1.51 million tons of titanium powder and 80,000 tons of titanium. With regard to upstream raw materials, the company is actively promoting the joint development of the two mines in the Red Glands and Xu Jia Gorge.
The two core projects of the iron ore development project, which, through the joint development of the Red Glands and the Temple Trench, will enable the public to produce 2.48 million tons/year of titanium and 7.6 million tons/year of iron ore. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies are pioneers in the titanium industry, titanium powder and sponge production.
Both are in the forefront of the world, with companies continuously laying down upstream and downstream resources in the industrial chain while doing their major major business, and actively developing new energy materials and a diversified and synergistic business model. Based on the company’s three-quarters report, we adjust the company’s profit forecast for 2025-2027, with a net profit share for 2025-2027.
The source of financial growth in the east, the source of financial growth in the east, the source of financial growth in the east, the source of financial growth in the east, the source of financial growth in the east, the source of the growth in the history of the world, the impact of titanium powder on the ground, the strength of the industrial chain.
Liu Woo-chul has his own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the titanium powder is now repulsing, and the industrial chain layout strengthens its advantages.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.