The company's research, the company's evaluation.
* Basic chemical industry * Chemical materials * Investment rating: better than the big market (maintenance) incident: 1) U.S. subsidiary of the Longing Sing group, Europe, purchased titanium powder-related assets held by vonatoruk for US$69.9 million in cash.
The target includes land housing, production and R & D equipment, spare parts, business books, multi-regionally registered intellectual property rights, and stock held in both countries. As at 31 August 2025, the original book value of the proposed assets was approximately $534 million, a net value of $195 million, with a significant discount on the net value of the transaction; and the company would have to bear some $14.19 million in VAT, stamp duties, etc., the final amount of which would be
The transaction is subject to a number of conditions, such as China’s regulatory approvals, changes in the UK’s environmental licence, and creditors’ release of mortgages. (2) The Group uses its own funds to carry out overseas investment placements through its wholly-owned subsidiary, the United Kingdom (Hong Kong) Ltd. The company is planning to fund $5 million in Malaysia for the establishment of the “Longing Asia New Materials Ltd.” in Malaysia, for export and import trade, for the sale of chemicals and for technical services;
The US dollar of $50 million was also spent in the UK to establish the British titanium industry company Ltd., which focuses on the production and marketing of titanium powder. The investment mentioned above is funded and will not have a significant negative impact on the company’s financial position.
It will further consolidate its global industrial niche; (2) invest in the establishment of a Malaysian subsidiary, a British subsidiary, to deepen its globalization strategy, and help strengthen companies to increase their global market share; (3) the domestic market for titanium powder and titanium concentrate is still loose in the short term, and is expected to increase further, with high-end chlorination capacity expected to rise, or to lay the groundwork for a steady recovery in the subsequent market.
The company acquired the assets associated with the titanium powder business in vanatoruk.
Land houses, production and R & D equipment, spare parts, business books, multi-regionally registered intellectual property rights, and stock held in the United Kingdom and Switzerland. As at 31 August 2025, the original book value of the proposed assets was approximately $534 million, with a net value of $195 million, with a significant discount on the value of the transactions compared to the net value; and companies would have to bear taxes of approximately $14.19 million on value-added taxes, stamp duties, etc., the final amount would be based on the date of delivery.
This acquisition is the precise layout of the company’s industrial restructuring period, further consolidating the global industry’s leading position. In terms of cost dimensions, the acquisition of full production assets and intellectual property at lower than net prices has significantly reduced the time and financial costs of European capacity-building.
Venatoruk’s patent reserves and production technologies complement the company’s chloride titanium powder product matrix, and its original client network quickly connects to European markets. Given the industry’s background, Venator is currently suffering from weak downstream demand due to high costs.
Since 2023, Venator has shut down some of the plants and sold assets. Venator and Chemours, tronox, kronos are the four largest producers of titanium powder in Europe and America, while Venatoruk is the only plant under the flag of Venator that produces titanium powder with 150,000 tons of annual design capacity, and has developed a long-term product quality-building partnership with a stable client.
In recent years, Venator’s assets were sold back to April 2023, when Venator finished selling the iron oxide pigments to return the funds. In May 2023, Venator and some of his subsidiaries submitted to the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas a Chapter 11 reorganization protection application for long-term losses, high costs, etc.
In 2023-2025, vanator gradually shut down parts of Italy, Germany, Malaysia, and sold 50% of the profits from the US Louisiana joint venture in 2024.
Operating partner kronos. In September 2025, the group holding company was appointed as co-administrator in English insolvency proceedings, and on October 10, Vonatoruk, a heart-producing subject, submitted a notice of intent to appoint administrator to a British court for insolvency. The continued decline in titanium powder industry since 2023 has led to the gradual withdrawal of backward production, the consolidation of the industry, and a further increase in the ranking of the leading city.
The company invests in the establishment of a Malaysian subsidiary, a British subsidiary, and a fully-owned company, the Longpee Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, the Alley Union (Hong Kong), Ltd., to finance its own overseas investment. The company is proposing $5 million for the establishment of a new Asian material company in Malaysia, which is responsible for export and import trade, the sale of chemicals and technical services, etc.
At the time, $50 million was spent in the UK to set up the British titanium company Ltd., which focused on the production and marketing of titanium powder. The above-mentioned investment funds would not have a significant negative impact on the company’s financial position.
The advantages of a zone would be to build a trade and technology service hub that would connect Asia-Pacific markets, reduce logistics costs and respond quickly to the needs of customers in East and South Asia; and the British subsidiary would take direct root in the core European markets, avoiding the EU anti-dumping barriers to titanium powder from China on the one hand, and, on the other, localizing titanium powder production on the other hand, building on the industrial base of the land, laying the foundation for increasing global market ownership.
The price of titanium powder and titanium concentrate is stable in stages The average price of titanium powder in the country is approximately 12997 yuan per ton, corresponding to 14% in comparison to 14% in relation to the ring to 9%, and the average price of titanium concentrate (46%, climbing flowers) is about 1707 yuan per ton compared to 23%, ring to 7% at the end of the supply. At the end of the supply, the capacity of the domestic titanium powder production continues to expand, and according to creative information, titanium powder is currently producing in firms.
The demand side is the core drag factor, with titanium powder mainly downstream as paint industry. As of August 2025, the country's housing construction was cumulatively equal to 17%, and traditional demand continued to weaken, albeit with light backboards and new energy sources.
The growth in demand in emerging areas such as cars has not yet led to a large hedge in the short term; the export market has been difficult to boost, with 13.870 million tons of titanium powder exported in August, 13.7% compared to 13.7%, the ring +2.9% compared to 13.7%, and the low EU anti-dumping barriers and global demand have led to a build-up of export inward sales pressures, further affecting the domestic price system.
Price swaps are a competitive constraint. Business price hikes in August-September, and titanium powder prices have been phased out. Short-term demand and supply games are still loose. Industry concentration is expected to increase further, with high-end chlorination capacity expected to rise or provide the basis for a steady recovery in the subsequent market.
Figure 2: China’s titanium market prices (tio 2 ff 46 per cent, yuan/tonne) The company’s titanium powder industry is well established, the rate of self-sufficiency of titanium is rising, and we maintain that the company’s net return profit forecast for 2025-2027 is less than expected; the price of raw materials rises; downstream demand falls short of expectations; policy risks, etc.
Rong Song Group (00201.sz)—Quarterly net remixing, titanium powder reheating) — 2025-04-24 author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.