The investment bank accelerated the repairs, with a sustained increase in self-brokering revenue of +29.8% compared to +29.8%, and a comparison of one quarter to 2 pct. For the single season, 25q2 companies earned $15.3 billion in operating income, Ring - 14.0% compared to 7.0%; and the mother ' s net profit of 7.2 billion yuan, Ring + 9.6% compared to +27.9% compared to +27.9%.
The highest medium-term performance in history, with single-season profits rising at a higher rate than year-on-year. In terms of income structure, 25q2 companies are running at the same speed as investment income, \triangleright
At the operational level, the rate of growth of self-employment in the single season was almost the same as in the first quarter, and the credit business income was positive, but it remained: (1) at the self-employment business level, the self-employment rate of return was raised to 4.6 per cent, and the Financial Investment Implementation Questions and Answer made retroactive adjustments to 24 years of data, compared to 24h1 other operations/other operations under a comparable calibre
The net middle asset ring has increased slightly and the self-leveraging ratio has declined. 25q2 companies have reduced the transactional financial asset and equity occi, while the ring occi has increased the claims occi, and the transactional financial assets/equity occi/claims occi has the highest single season since 21q4, with the ring + 0.8 pct; and the 300/CCII index has increased by an annual fraction over the same period.
(2) With regard to brokering, the net revenue from the brokering business of 25q2 companies has increased at a rate of 26.2% on a year-on-year basis, while the revenue from the purchase of securities on behalf of \triangleright has continued to rise.
7.5%, year-on-year +26.2%, corporate brokerage revenue has increased at a rate of 20% on year-on-year from 24q4 to buy securities at a slightly higher rate on year-on-year basis, while revenue from futures brokerage has increased in year-on-year terms from rental of seats in the trading unit to sales of financial products.
The combined stock base of the two municipalities for the current season is $89 trillion, an increase of 59.5%. The market is still high, the capital of individuals and institutional investors continues to be on the market, and we believe that corporate brokerage is expected to continue to increase. > (3) In the area of capital management, 25q2 managed revenues are 12.4% higher than in the same year, and the summer fund has its headquarters and China.
In terms of public fund raising, the end summer fund at the end of 25q2 was $2.85 trillion, an increase of 32.1%, and the summer fund at the end of 25h1 was $4.3 billion.
In the case of investment (4), equity refinancing in the first half of the quarter of the year increased on a large scale, ipo was significantly smaller in size than in the other half of the year, and 25q2 investment income was faster than in the other half of the year. In the case of equity financing and debt financing in the first half of the year, 25q2 was the first in the same industry.
According to the company announcement, the equity share of the credit securities a was raised in the first half of 2025 in the amount of $148.85 billion, compared to +365.7 per cent in comparison, and according to ifind statistics, the equity ipo/refinancing in the 25h1 securities is distributed on a continuous scale of financing.
In the case of credit operations, the balance of the funds is more than down, while the balance of the buy-backs is rising in a single season.
\triangleright net interest income recovered. The net interest income of 25q2 was $400 million, i.e. 46.4 per cent for the same year, but the net interest income was positive, mainly in terms of monetary funds and settlement provisions, and interest income on the investment of other claims.
At the end of the quarter of 2025, the company's total capital \triangleright \triangleright
Since then, capital markets have continued to perform well, and companies are expected to increase their own investment earnings, depending on their size and investment advantages. Business lines such as corporate brokerage, financial management, etc., have been well established, with high market heat, aum-up from the summer fund, and corporate revenues may continue to rise.
Total, follow-up investment income is expected to be continuously repaired. Maintenance of the `recommended' rating. Figure 2: Cumulative net profit and increase of SCM securities, Figure 1: Cumulative operating income and increase of SCM securities
Figure 3: Business income and rate of increase for the SCM season, Figure 4: Net profit and increase for the SCM quarter, Figure 6: Cumulative increase in revenue of the SCM sub-business lines on a year-on-year basis
Figure 5: Changes in the structure of operating income for SCM securities + net gains on changes in fair value of enterprise investment returns + 1h25 self-employment income as a new calibre + questions and answers on related accounting treatment & 1h25 other business income/cost as a new calibre
Figure 7: Trends in middle-strategy roa and roe; Figure 8: Net parent interest rate, administrative rates and other operating cost rates for middle-stratese securities; Figure 9: Size and speed of financial investment in medium-strategy securities
Figure 11: Revenue from and increase in securities brokering in China, Figure 12: Size and increase in the purchase of securities in China, Figure 13: Revenue from and increase in the operation of securities in China
Figure 14: Revenue and speed of growth from SCM quarterly investments in SMS, Figure 15: Size and speed of financing of SCM securities
Figure 17: Middle Portfolio Market Gain (pe) Figure 18: Summary of data projections for Portfolio Financial Statements in Central Portfolio Net Market (pb)
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.