Q3 performance picked up on 19 October 2020, largely in line with expectations.
On 19 October 2020, the company announced that in the first three quarters of 2020, it had earned 194.3 million yuan, an increase of 14.57 per cent over the previous quarter, and a net profit of $4.259 billion for the mother, an increase of 14.02 per cent over the previous three quarters.
q3 Performance rebounded at a steady rate of cost control over the period, and cash flows improved significantly The company achieved $5,527 billion (+11.28 per cent) in the first three quarters of the quarter, and $5,782 million (+14.28 per cent) respectively The negative effects of shadowing and anaesthesia plates were gradually dissipated, and neoplasm plates were expected to become more demand-critical
This was the main driver of growth in performance in the first three quarters. The combined Māori rate of 87.72% (-0.79pt) in the first three quarters of 2020, the R&D cost rate of 17.23% (+0.12pt) and the net operating cash flow of $3.987 billion in the first three quarters improved significantly, by 52.85% over the same period.
The harvest period for high R & D inputs is getting better. Innovative products are going to the sea, and in the first three quarters of 2020 corporate R & D investments amounted to 3,344 million yuan, an increase of 15.34 per cent over the same period, and R & D fees.
With 17.23 per cent, the company's research and development has been gaining ground since this year, with three new adaptations in Kareliju, a review of the impact of the epidemic: a return on performance, equity incentives and confidence.
An innovative product is in the Nda or Clinical iii phase, Carrell's nasal inhalation, Apalyani's liver, cancer adaptation is in the public declaration stage, and Fly is expected to be approved by the end of this year or early next year.
Review: In the case of the epidemic, the strong will continue to make breakthroughs, right-wing Metomy has been approved by the United States, and the company's innovation drugs, such as Carrijo, Apalyoni and Giuliani, are gradually coming to harvest.
Chang Xinhui, given that the company is the leader of the industry and that innovation is scarce, the power of the pipeline is gradually emerging, maintaining the "buying of Liu Hye Min"
The clinical and approval of new products fell short of expectations; the procurement of belts and health-care negotiations decreased more than expected; and the collection of varieties was lower than expected: the cost of health insurance was higher than expected. Income increased at a higher rate than in the previous two quarters, with net return profit of 1.315 billion in the first three quarters.
(+10.30 per cent), 1,346 million yuan (+10.38 per cent) and 1,597 million yuan (+20.74 per cent) of the third quarter, with a rate of increase of over 20 per cent. As the epidemic is gradually brought under control, the number of outpatients and surgeries is gradually warming, the number of company phantoms and anaesthesia plates is returning to growth, and the oncology plate is expected to be the main driver of the growth in performance in the last three quarters owing to its high demand.
Figure 3: Net corporate return profits (in billions of yuan) Figure 4: Single-quarter return net profits of companies (in billions)
The cost rate was 17.23 per cent (+0.12 pct), with a marked improvement in operating cash flows in the previous three quarters, amounting to $3.987 billion net, an increase of 52.85 per cent over the same period.
The harvest period for high R & D inputs is getting better, and innovation is getting better. In the first three quarters of 2020, the company invested 3,344 million yuan in R & D, an increase of 15.34 per cent over the same period, and the cost of R & D is 17.23 per cent. This year, while the epidemic has had a negative impact on the performance of the industry, the company has maintained its high R & D investment, and research and development has been gaining momentum since this year.
Three new adaptive disorders were added to the market, Ramalanglon was approved, two adaptive conditions were approved, and a number of innovative products were converted to full approval at the end of the year or the beginning of the year, as well as at the end of the year or the beginning of the year, at the stage of the nda or clinical iii, at the stage of Carrell's nasal inhalation, at the stage of the apalysis of the liver, at the stage of the declaration, and at the end of the year or early next year, at the point where he was expected to be approved, in the future.
At the same time, the company has been working on overseas projects to speed up the opening of overseas markets, and for 20 years now, it has been able to export three innovative pharmaceutical products overseas. The right-wing Metomy has been approved for listing and sale in the United States, and the Karelidell and Zulcartoni have been licensed to South Korean companies on a paid basis.
2. R & D pipelines accelerated progress in the first three quarters of 2020 2.1 R & D pipeline tracking and aggregation Since 2020, progress in research and development has been well advanced across the company ' s clusters, focusing mainly on the following:
(1) New varieties/new adaptive disorders were approved: three new major adaptive disorders (hepatic, esophagus, non-septic nsclc) were approved; Rama zolpidem was marketed with “static gastroscopic calm” and then one was formally converted to full approval in July of the year and an additional application for an amendment to the instruction was approved.
(2) The original tube line moved smoothly to the back end: three-line nasal cancers, including Karelijut, entered the application stage for listing, and was included in the priority review. Multiple drug combinations and adaptive lines were successfully advanced: the Apadaloni liver cancer adaptive service performed the application phase, and a technical review was completed, with multiple adaptive disorders entering phase 3.
Table 2: The progress of the clinical component since this year.
The newly opened clinic is expected to continue and deserves sustained attention. (4) No new clinical approvals have been obtained for approved types, including physical tumours, late malignant tumours, trophies, b.
9 new medicines in various areas, including liver, post-operative pain, white wind, for which no similar product has been obtained at home or abroad (5) 5 generic products were harvested through consistency evaluation: up to the present date, 7 products of 5 products of the company had been adopted or were considered through consistency evaluation, including Gjifetoni 4 for chemicals
The production was approved as a copy of the consistency evaluation, and to date, in addition to Aslicon, there are six companies in the country, including Heng Rui, that have been marketed. The shatan amino tablets (1) were also produced in the 4th class, were approved for listing and were approved as a third in the national production of the species through the conformity evaluation, while the remaining 2 were treated as flowers.
The gardening industry and the Beijing 100-O pharmaceutical industry. 2.2 Speed up the opening of overseas markets and the continuous realization of innovative medicines.
Three innovative pharmaceutical products are exported overseas. Right Metomi is awarded fda listing and sale in the United States, and Karelijum and Gitney are respectively licensed to two Korean companies, Crystalgenimics and hlblifescience, as another breakthrough in the public sector’s innovation internationalization process, which will further enhance corporate innovation branding and overseas performance.
3.1 Carricorn: three major diseases were harvested in 20 years, snorting cancers were declared on the market and included in the priority review, and three new ones were harvested in 2020 after Carriella was approved for listing in 2019, the typical Hodge King lymphoma.
Absorption, which is a major disease, is the second-line terminal liver cancer (7 March 2020), second-line esophagus cancer (20 June 2020) and first-line non-small cell lung cancer (20 June 2020); in addition, the drug shows good resistance to tumours in malignant neoplasms such as nasal cancer, stomach cancer and gastrophyteoporosis.
The three-line nasal cancer is declared on the market and is included in the priority review: while the clinical trials of Kareliju on drug association and clinical advancement are progressing, as follows:
The disease was declared on the market at the end of September and included in the priority review, and the results of a multi-centre clinical study (captain study) on the re-emission/transformation of the Kareli Pearl monolithic medications, led by Prof. Jan Li of the Oncology Control Centre of Nakayama University, based on an irc assessment of 28.2 per cent, were published at the conference in September this year.
The median os based on the km method is 17.1 months, and random, bi-blind, placebot contrasts, multi-centre ii clinical studies to treat local relapsing or remote transfer of nasal cancers on the line of the Kareli Pearls against the Union and Gisita Line have also reached the end of their effectiveness and will in the future be China's nasal infestation.
The clinical status of carcinomas is expected to increase from second to first: combined chemotherapy first-line treatment for terminal carcinomas. iii Clinical recruitment completed:
The number of patients covered by lung cancer is expected to expand from non-sclc to non-still Nsclc: the first line of the chemistial treatment for the treatment of titanium non-small cell lung cancer has been recruited, the non-small cell lung cancer in Apateni has been admitted to the iii clinical stage, and the first stage of the treatment of non-sclc has been approved for the iii clinical period for the Xinsclc.
In the case of breast cancer, the treatment of triple-negative breast cancer in combined chemotherapy, combined apalyni and typhoon perli is in the form of a real tumor, and the treatment of late-stage ama in combined familini is in the form of a clinical recruitment process. The first case is in 3.2 apalyoni: the clinical status of stomach cancer is expected to increase, and second-line liver cancer is on the list.
In addition to stomach cancer adaptation, Arpadeni’s clinical trials in multiple cancers such as liver cancer, lung cancer, breast cancer, rectum cancer, thyroid cancer, osteoporoma, etc. There have been many positive developments.
(b) Hepatic cancer adaptive disorders in the listing application: Apateni single drug for the treatment of late liver cancer has been placed on the market for the treatment of late liver cancer. Technical review: At the Asco meeting in May 20, Apateni II treated for late liver cancer (hcc)
The ii-help study for random, bi-blind and placebot parallel comparisons showed that Ápateni had significantly prolonged the oc-hcc patients in China for a period of between 8 and 7 months [95%ci7.5-9.8], the control group was 6.8 months [95%ci5.7-9.1], and also significantly prolonged pfs and tttp, improved orr and was well-resistible, safe and manageable for the country.
iii. Breast cancer: combined fluorothyphthalene used to treat her 2-negative breast cancer in brca1/2 mutation.
3.3 ovarian palaly: The clinical tubes in the i.e. ovarian palaly are concentrated on ovarian, breast, prostate, physical and lung cancers, and new medications for brca1/2 mutagenic ovarian cancers were placed on the market in 2019.
Processing by the Supervisory Authority, technical review has been completed; the iii clinical phase of the single drug for the maintenance of repeat ovarian cancer has reached the main research end of September, in addition to the vinyl platinum or combined aparini for the treatment of late ovarian cancers, brca1/2 mutation breast cancer, pancreas cancer is in the ii clinical research stage and includes Abi.
A number of joint treatments of oncology programmes, such as Trond, Kareliadol, anti-pd-l1 antibody shr-1316, and joint treatment of antimoxazine, are already in the clinical development phase.
Adaptive conditions for mutant re-emerging ovarian cancer have been reported since the October 2019 post-natal period and are currently undergoing a technical review and on-site examination; clinical studies on re-emerging ovarian cancer iii have reached the main endpoint of the study; and, in the case of breast cancer, single medication or combined apadeni for the treatment of breast cancer entering the ii clinical stage;
In the case of prostate cancer, single drugs treat mutational pancreas cancer into the ii clinical stage; In the case of lung cancer, the combination of lympholamine and/or shr-1316 for the treatment of small-cell lung cancer into the ii clinical stage; In the case of physical tumours, single drugs and multiple tubes associated with them are at the clinical stage of the rib clinical stage.
Table 9: Progress in research and development of Fluorine Pally 3.4 Diabetes: Net Hengles, Listed Rigrettin, accepted sglt-2 inhibitors and dpp-4 inhibitors submitted to the List at the end of September.
In the area of anaesthesia, two anaesthesias were approved, new anaesthesias were developed, new anaesthesias were introduced, new anaesthesias were introduced, and new anaesthesia expanded rapidly.
Disorders are sedated by routine gastroscopy; new adaptive disorders were harvested in June and used for colonoscopy; whole body anaesthesia adaptive disorders are undergoing clinical trials during the iii period, while other new adaptive disorders are well under way, and ii clinical tests for sedated ii for Xi and ii have been approved for Xi and ii in May.
The company’s innovative medicine is now in the harvest, and it is expected that Carrell, Apalyoni, Gialyni, etc. will be able to access health care and adaptation.
However, the power of the pipeline has gradually emerged, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The clinical and approval of new products has fallen short of expectations; the volume of procurement and health-care negotiations has declined more than expected; the volume of procurement varieties has fallen short of expectations; and the cost of health-care coverage has exceeded expectations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.