A steady growth in performance and a transformational upgrading towards a number of intellectual eco-programmers Events: company performance reports, which achieved business income of $34.93 billion in 2023, an increase of 15.0 per cent; net profit return of $11.58 billion, an increase of 20.6 per cent; non-repatriation
Net profit of $11.43 billion, an increase of 20.0 per cent. Business income of $9.37 billion, an increase of 12.1 per cent in the first quarter of 2024; net profit return of $3.16 billion, an increase of 22.9 per cent in the same period; and expected recovery of domestic operations on a quarterly basis, with high growth trends abroad expected to continue.
The demand for in-house equipment is still in demand, delayed procurement is expected to be fully released in the future, and bidding for public hospitals in the country is expected to recover on a quarterly basis in 2024. Moreover, according to corporate statistics, the market opportunities for new domestic medical infrastructure to be released from company operations are still outnumbered.
Over $20 billion, and with companies expected to benefit fully from domestic medical equipment to replace old policies, the next few years will make a positive contribution to the growth of corporate performance. On the international front, in 2023, the company’s middle-income countries grew by more than 20% a year, and the North American market experienced two consecutive years of compound growth.
18%. Because Pmls production line competitiveness has reached full world-class levels, accelerating penetration into high-end client groups; ivd overseas operations are moving fast to medium-sized sample laboratories; ultrasound operations remain a global leader, and we believe that the high growth trend in corporate overseas operations is promising.
Smart performance of smartcodevelopment limited ivd, and the number of high-volume customers overseas continues to rise
The ivd production line was rapidly growing by 21.1 per cent, and since March 2023, the country ' s regular clinical activity has recovered rapidly, driving the country ' s ivd to a 20 per cent growth rate throughout the year, with reagent revenues growing by more than 25 per cent.
Over 30%, new breakthroughs abroad over 100 icl, the domestic lighting market ranked above one import brand and fourth for the first time. The pmls production line grew by 13.8%, with international pmls growing by over 20% in the second half of the year, seed operations growing by more than 30% a year, hard mirrors.
The market share of the system has risen to the third highest in the country. The mis production line has grown by 8.8%, with ultrasound models growing by more than 20%, and ultrasound market positions reaching the first and third highest in the country for the first time.
To complete the construction of the smart medical ecosystem, the company's business is moving fully to the intellectualization of the company, based on its broad business layout, leading market position and sustained growth in the number of installed bodies, investing in long-term, differentiated and holistic solutions, and through linkages with artificial intelligence.
Together, the smart medical ecosystem of “equipment +it+ai” was initially completed, through the “3R” ecological and equipment integration innovation, which combines big data, artificial intelligence, and provides health-care institutions with a holistic solution that truly addresses clinical pains by technological means.
The company's business is moving to a more intellectual level, and the company's equipment sales are expected to increase. In the external sector, the company, by buying Hye-tae's medical care, is entering the relevant arteries in the cardiovascular sector and upgrading the industry.
Market competition exacerbates the risk that international operations will not be as well as expected: the data used in this report will be derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, will seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.