The performance in 2023 was in line with expectations, with a aq300 on-time growth The company issued a quarterly report in 2024, generating operating income of $9.37 billion, an increase of $1 billion, an increase of 20.1 per cent.
• Performance met expectations, increased profitability, robust growth of three major lines of business 9.37 billion yuan (yoy+12.1 per cent) per quarter, net profit of 3.16 billion (yoy+22.9 per cent) per quarter, higher net profit rate in one quarter, Māori sales rate and net interest rate
In terms of lines of operation, the three lines of operation have grown steadily, with a higher rate of Maori as an in vitro diagnostic reagent and a rising share of income for medium- and high-end custody and image-type products. (1) Life Information and Support earned $15.23 billion in 2023 (Yoy+13.8 per cent), mainly
This is due to the fact that the country’s regular clinical activities have continued to resume, with a growing number of high-end clients abroad, while the business has also been affected by medical corruption. As of December 2023, the company’s potential new capital waiting order still stands at $20 billion. The pmls production line has grown by 13.8%, and international pmls
The system’s market share has risen to the third highest in the country. Clinical activity has grown steadily, pushing the country to achieve a rapid 20% growth in vd throughout the year, reagent intake growth of more than 25%, ranking fourth in the light market, and over 30% in the international two-year capr.
More than 100 icl have made new breakthroughs abroad. (3) Medical images generated $7.03 billion (yoy+8.8%) in 2023, affected by the delayed procurement of ultrasound in national public hospitals as a result of anti-corruption efforts, and the foreign market for basic health care.
Amid economic downturns and the strength of the dollar, output has slowed down in 23 years. But ultrasound models have grown by more than 20%, and ultrasound markets have achieved the third highest in the country and third in the world.
Overseas markets opened up growth ceilings and increased R & D inputs, upgraded to a few intelligences, and continued to strengthen competitiveness by billions of yuan. By the end of the first quarter of 2024, companies had been authorized to patent 4,945, of which inventions had been made.
Patents authorize 2,346. Companies continue to increase their product innovation and development, especially in high-end areas.
In 2023, the Mt.T.'s intelligence products featured, and the U. S.U.E. ecosystem added a new installation hospital.
More than 400, with nearly 5,500 new loaders, and 27, 22 and 19 times the value of the "Mary Inspector" test solver, respectively, given the good business performance of the company, the three main lines of business are growing robustly, integrated, branded and maintained.
(b) Use legally compliant information and produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open market information. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.