The international market is growing strongly and profit rates are rising steadily.
The three main lines of activity continue to work and the growth of the q1 international market is strong.
More than 30 per cent growth in surgical production and the market share of hard mirror systems has risen to the third highest in the country; physical expansion of cardiovascular operations has resulted in an income of 12.24.1.29 billion yuan for external diagnostic products, i.e. + 21 per cent for international in vitro consultations.
3. The Merri Medical Corporation Review: Growing Breaks, Seedings Active, 2023.10.29 The company ' s international market grew by nearly 30 per cent with the help of a sustained and accelerated break-up by out-of-the-front clientele,
The profit margin has steadily increased, and profitability has continued to increase. The company’s combined Māori ratio reached +3.opt in 2023, which is still on a high q1 domestic market sales base last year.
A good profit growth. q1 R & D investment of $1.03 billion, representing 10.99% of operating income, continued product innovation, especially in high-end areas. The company expects a quarterly recovery in bidding for public hospitals in the country in 2024.
On January 28, the company announced its intention to use its own funds to achieve public access through “agreement transfers + voting rights.”
The agreement of April 15, on the acquisition of Sze Huetai's medical control, deals with the registration of shares. Hee-tae's medical care, as the head of the country's electricity physiology and blood-vascular intervention, will help to foster a new growth in Merri's performance.
Increased product research and development innovation and global marketing capacity for both parties. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating. Merger and acquisition integration below expected risk; exchange rate fluctuations risk; and R&D progress below expected risk;
Market competition increases the risk: the risk of collecting price reductions beyond expectations, etc. Analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market