Méri Medical (300760.sz) performed robustly, leading zhangjiabo@guosen.com. cnzhangchao4@guosen.com.cn
In vitro diagnostics and seedings s098052305001 sub-operations remained in rapid release and companies ' profitability increased as a result of the restructuring exercise, which resulted in significant delays in bidding procurement for domestic equipment. Collections were achieved in the first quarter of 2024
Rapid procurement demand has led to a single-digit growth in the domestic market as a whole at a high base this year, with a high recovery rate in both the in vitro diagnosis and medical imaging operations that were curtailed during the same period last year. During the same period, production-oriented domestics have led to a low international market base, with continuous acceleration in the break-out of high-end customers overseas.
The world market as a whole grew by almost 30% in the first quarter of this year, with developing countries growing by more than 30%. In vitro diagnostics has grown, and ultrasound has continued to outpace the top. In 2023, the life information and support industry has released more than 20 billion market space, which is expected to make a significant contribution to the growth of the production line.
In the second year in a row, international ivd operations increased by more than 30%. The bc-7500 series installed more than 2,000 aircraft throughout the year, making it the first product in the third year of the market that generated more than $1 billion in revenue.
For the first time, the share of the country's high-speed aircraft has surpassed an import brand and ranked fourth. The medical image business has generated $7,034 million (+8.82%) and companies have launched their own home-grown ultrasound platform resona20, and has accelerated overseas high-end client breakthroughs, overseas ultrasound supersound.
"Mary Medical Care (300.760.sz) - intends to acquire Hee-tae ' s medical control, progress in cardiovascular, sales and management costs are stable, while maintaining high levels of R & D inputs, R & D costs.
"Mary Medical Care (300760.sz)-q3 net return profit increased by 21 per cent over the same period, overseas plus 9.83 per cent (+0.20 pp), R & D investment of 3,779 million (+18.43 per cent); financial cost rate decreased by 0.96 pp, "Mary Medical Care (300770.sz)" - mid-point evaluation 2023: steady growth,
"Mary Medical Care (300760.sz) - Annual Report 2022 and Quarterly Review 2023: Investment Recommendations: Companies benefiting domestically from new infrastructure and product upgrades and accelerating high performance growth overseas, innovative R & D and marketing integration to break through high-end clients overseas"
End-of-service clients expand. Seed operations such as micro-surgery, cardiovasculars, and so forth are fast-growing, and the “3Rs” solution leads to the “buy-in” rating of Méri Medical (300.760.sz) – three-quarterly review in 2022: a new foundation for domestic medical care, with significant results in internationalization, will rapidly grow into a global medical arsenal.
Since then, the restructuring of the medical sector has resulted in a significant delay in bidding procurement for domestic equipment, leading to a slowdown in the growth of vital information and support and ultrasound operations in the second half of the year, but seed operations such as in vitro diagnostics and micro-surgery have remained fast-disbursing and corporate profitability has increased further, highlighting scale effects.
In the first quarter of the year, $9,373 million (+12.1 per cent) was collected and the net return to the mother amounted to $3,160 million (+22.9 per cent). In the past year, emergency procurement requirements arising from the construction of the national ICUs during the same period were far higher than those required by other conventional procurements, resulting in an overall increase in the domestic market in the first quarter of this year at a high base, with the countries that were constrained during the same period last year.
Both in vitro and in vitro diagnostics and medical video operations have achieved high recovery rates. During the same period last year, domestic production was skewed, leading to a low international market base, while the international market as a whole grew by nearly 30%, with developing countries growing by more than 30%, thanks to the continuous and accelerated break-out of high-end customers abroad.
Figure 2: Merri Medical Single Season Operating Income and Growth (Billions of Dollars, %) Figure 3: Merri Medical Return Net Profits and Growth (Billions, %)
Life information and support operations generated $15,252 million, an increase of 13.81%. New domestic health infrastructure advances and the recovery of international market demand have contributed positively, but industrial rehabilitation since August has enabled the country to grow.
Large delays in equipment bidding led to slower growth in the second half of the production line. However, seed operations continued to grow at a moderate rate of more than 30% throughout the year, with the market for corporate hardware systems rising to the third highest in the country. By the end of 2023, the market space for new domestic medical infrastructure was still over 20 billion.
The demand for purchases has largely recovered, resulting in an increase of over 20 per cent in the second half of the year in the International Life Information and Support Service, with an increase of 12.24 billion yuan in in vitro diagnostics, or 21.12 per cent over the same period, with an increase of more than 30 per cent in international in vitro diagnostics for two consecutive years.
For the first time in the country, the hemoglobin market has become a product with an income of over $1 billion in the third year on the market. More than 2,000 new domestic chemical engines have been installed, with a high-speed ratio of nearly 60%, which for the first time exceeds an import brand and ranks fourth.
The pace continues to accelerate, with the company successfully breaking over more than 100 third-party overseas chains throughout the year, becoming the exclusive blood cell provider for the Latin American first laboratory, Dasa. Medical video operations have generated $7,034 million, an increase of 8.82% since March.
Recovering, and continuing high-end ultrasound in international markets, industry restructuring has also delayed bid procurement in the second half of the year. But, with strong product competitiveness and high standards of compliance, companies have seized the opportunity of increasing market share in the current environment to become the first industry in the ultrasound market in the country for the first time.
At the end of 2023, the company released its home-grown ultra-high-end ultrasound platform resona20, marking that the company's ultrasound technology has officially entered the top international standard. The low-end ultrasound demand climate in the international market continues to be influenced by macroeconomic downturns, but the company has accelerated the breakthrough of high-end customers and the growth of ultrasound models overseas.
More than 25%, enabling ultrasound has for the first time achieved the third largest industry position in the world. Subregionally: revenue from the domestic market was $21,382 million (+14.5%) and from the overseas market was $13.5 billion. Solutions have entered more high-end hospitals, group hospitals and large chain laboratories, life information and support.
In vitro diagnostics and medical images broke through close to 300, more than 450 and more than 200 new high-end customers, respectively, in 2023. Operating cash flows remain healthy and of good quality.
The value of the operating cash flow relative to the net profit of the parent is 96%, maintaining good health. As of the end of 2023, the balance of corporate money was $18,787 million.
The company, represented by Murray, has already started the transition from digital to intellectual. Based on its extensive business layout, leading market position, and large loads, the company has initially completed the construction of the smart medical ecosystem “Equipment +it+ai”, with several top hospitals in the country and abroad.
Integrated solutions. With an int-enhanced hardware, a company combines vast medical data resources, with self-researched smart software, enabling software that helps Murray’s multi-end high-end products take the lead in intellectually assisted diagnostics, and in the future, intelligent ecosystems that can support clinical decision-making will be generated through a deep understanding of the clinical context.
By the end of 2023, SWF had accumulated over 700, 210 and 10,000 units, respectively.
The “Swiss” program has increased the company’s ability to win large hospitals while significantly increasing its client stickyness. The investment proposal is that the company benefits domestically from new infrastructure and product rotations, and accelerates it overseas in parallel.
In vitro diagnostics have grown, seed operations such as microsurgery, cardiovasculars have expanded rapidly, the “Swiss” digital intelligence programme has led to an upgrading of the transition, and scale effects and the share of high-end products have increased the level of profitability.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.