The net interest rate is further increased by the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Quarterly reports that 2024q1 earned 9.37 billion (+12.1%) of the net profit of the mother at $3.16 billion (+22.9%) and $3.04 billion (+20.1%) of the net profit of the non-mortality at the end of the year.
A single-quarter net profit of $3.16 billion (+22.9%) is attributable to a single-quarter net profit growth rate. In terms of profitability, the gross profit rate is 66.2% (+2 pp) for 23 years, the level of profitability is high, and the ratio of income from the higher rates of Maori external diagnostic reagents and middle- and upper-end guardianship and image-type products is rising.
• In vitro diagnostic lines are growing at a significant rate, with multiple factors driving the rapid growth in performance. Sub-operation lines: 1) Life information and support income of $15.23 billion (+13.8 per cent) over 23 years, the increase is mainly due to the development of new domestic medical infrastructure and the ability of high-end overseas client groups to break through, but medical corruption has opened up the business since August
As of December 23, the new infrastructure is still at $20 billion. The pmls production line grew by 13.8%, with the international pmls growing by more than 20% in the second half of the year. Seed operations have grown by more than 30% annually, and the market share of the hard mirror system has risen to 3rd, 2nd in vitro diagnostic income.
Rapid recovery led to a 20% rapid growth of domestic nd throughout the year, with reagent revenues growing by more than 25%, domestic lighting markets ranking above one import brand and fourth for the first time. International nd has grown at a compound rate of more than 30% for two consecutive years, with new breakthroughs abroad exceeding 100 icl; 3) medical images are collected for 23 years.
With an entry of $7.03 billion (+8.8%), medical corruption has slowed down the regular ultrasound bidding campaign in public hospitals in the country. But the ultrasound model has grown by more than 20%, with ultrasound market status for the first time.
In the subregion, income from the domestic market was 21.38 billion yuan (+14.5 per cent), growth, continuing to break out of overseas high-end customers, income from the overseas market was 1.35 billion yuan (+15.8 per cent).
2. Murray Medical (300,760): 23h1 performance is in line with the expected delays in activities and there has been a slowdown in clinical activities, with the greatest impact on pmls and mis, with a marked recovery in regular operations during the period
The impact on vd was relatively limited. The second half of the year was 22% growth in the international market. The most visible growth rate was still the sustained high investment in R & D and product upgrading. 23 years of R & D, companies continued to scale up their products and innovation, especially in high-end areas.
On the basis of the company’s layout and advantages in multi-products, such as a monitor, anaesthetic machine, a respirator, a pump, etc., a multi-scenes solution has been introduced that includes the whole of the institution, severe illness, the period of surgery, emergency care, cardiology, and universal care.
Clinical databases already available in hospitals are complementary and integrated, contributing to research on big data. Chemical light is expected to be on the market for the 20+ project in 24 years, and super-high-end supercollon resonaaa 20 pounds in the image is expected to be on the market, assuming that 1: Life Information and Support operations are expected to receive 24h2 medical equipment to replace the new policy benefits.
The IMC project is also expected to contribute a part of the increase. Micro-Surgery is expected to be 1.1 billion over 24 years, aed Operations is expected to be expected, assuming that 2: Chemical lumination in an in vitro diagnostic product is expected to be on the market for 24 years, individual clients of bio-chemical immunization are expected to have more than 500w reagent output is expected to increase to 130 in 24 years, and the blood cell bc-7500 series is over 23 years old.
Assumption 3: Medical imaging products are expected to have medical equipment in 24 years for the benefit of old policies, and since their listing in November 2023, they have been unanimously well received by industry, filling the high-yielding void of national production in this area, with an expected income of more than $400 million per product for 24 years, and the technological empowerment of the ai has also effectively increased the single-win rate.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.