Report 2023 & Quarterly 2024: The performance is in line with our expectations for a net return to the mother of $3.16 billion (+22.90 per cent) and a deduction of the non-return to the mother of $3.04 billion (+20.08 per cent).
• The year 2023 saw the acceleration of the ring of overseas markets, with developing country markets showing remarkable performance. Regionally, the rapid recovery of the country’s clinical activities has led to a 20 per cent increase in domestic vd throughout the year, with reagent revenues growing by more than 25 per cent. International markets generated income of 13.35 billion (+15.8 per cent).
In the second half of the year, the growth rate was 22%. The most impressive is still in the developing world, where the annual growth rate of operations in 2023 was higher than in the other production lines. Sub-products show that in 2023, the ivd production line was 30%, with more than 100 new third-party chain laboratories outside the country, ranking the domestic lighting market.
More than one import brand and ranked fourth for the first time; Life Information and Support Services (pmls) now earns 15.252 billion (+13.81 per cent), with international pmls growing by more than 20 per cent in the second half of the year, seed operations growing by more than 30 per cent a year, and hard mirror systems increasing their market share to the country.
"Mary Medical Care (300,760): The proposed acquisition of Hye-Thai Medicine 3rd; Medical Images (mis) production line yielding revenue of 7.034 billion (+8.82%), with ultrasound control, promising win-win "
High-end models grew by more than 20%, and ultrasound market position achieved high-quality responses for the first time in the country and the first quarter of the world ' s 2024. Emergency purchase orders from the construction of the icu ward in 23q1 countries created high-base pressure and increased the number of places in the domestic market in the first quarter.
Three-quarterly reviews: steady growth in the broader context of anti-corruption, but high recovery growth in both vd and mis was achieved during the same period in the last year. The international market base is low because 23q1 output is tilted toward the home country, while at the same time it is located at the higher end of the overseas client base.
The rapid growth of the international market, driven by the steady acceleration of the long-term, accelerated trend abroad, has grown by nearly 30 per cent in the first quarter, with developing countries growing by more than 30 per cent and the rapid growth of all three major international production lines.
The three main financial forecasting tables for Méri Medical Services, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have been certified as securities investment consulting operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.