Performance meets expectations and further moves to the global flagship Méri Medical (300760) -- annual report 2023 and one-quarter report 2024
Billion yuan (+14.88%). 2024q1 achieved operating income of $9,373 million (+12.06%), net profit for mothers. Life information and support: global leadership, short-term fluctuations in supply and demand continued to grow robustly. 2023 Business income of $15,252 million (+13.81%) was achieved in 2023, of which microsurgery grew by more than 30%, and hard mirror systems.
(a) Domestic: 2023h1 was at one time driven by the expansion of the icu ward, but since the rehabilitation of the medical sector, the bidding campaign in the country was delayed in the second half of the year.
Life information and support business growth has slowed down; 2) Overseas: more than 20% of overseas income from life information and support business, except for the 2023q1 production in the home country. We believe that corporate life information and support business is expected to continue to grow steadily and rapidly in the future, mainly on the basis of the delayed equipment procurement needs of 1 industry.
There is still a need for sustained release; according to corporate announcements, domestic new infrastructure opportunities remain above $20 billion and are expected to continue to contribute positively to business growth over the next two years; three companies have achieved high-quality global product competitiveness, high-end client groups have accelerated penetration, and there is still much room for improvement in overseas market ownership.
In vitro diagnosis: domestic and foreign aircraft are well under way, and large and medium-sized crowds are accelerating their breakthroughs. In 2023, operations were resumed, blood cells, biochemicals, luminous devices and waterlines were well under way, and the country is expected to achieve higher speeds throughout the year.
Growth, with over 2,000 blood cell bc-7500 installed (the series contributed more than $1 billion in 2023), over 2,000 chemical light additions (the high-speed ratio is nearly 60 per cent) and chemical light in the domestic area ranked fourth in number. 2) Overseas: capacity-building for local platforms accelerated by mergers and acquisitions and self-building, medium
Large sample client penetration has continued to accelerate, successfully breaking over 100 third-party chains throughout 2023, and becoming a sole blood cell supplier for the Latin American first laboratory, Dasa. We expect high growth in in vitro diagnostics to continue, mainly on the basis of: 1 high R & D input for heavy weight instruments and reagents.
The city continues to widen its operational boundaries; the technology-import branding gap between companies in the vd area continues to narrow and is expected to be quickly levelled and even overtaken by events, with products becoming more competitive; and the “Mery Inspector” provides the medical laboratory with a program to upgrade Wit wisdom management, which further enhances the overall competitive advantage.
Medical images: Market share increases further and high-end products rapidly infiltrated. In 2023, the company’s depths (300,760): 7.034 billion yuan (+8.82%) from the global population, with ultra-high-end models growing by more than 20%.
[Galaxy’s] Company Review: Midway Medical (300,760): Overall performance slowed growth in the second half of the year, but the company jumped to the top of the domestic ultrasound market industry with strong product competitiveness and high compliance systems; 2) Overseas: despite low demand for medium- and low-end ultrasound procurement, due to companies’ low demand
[Galaxy’s Medicine] Company Review _Mary’s Medical Care (300,760): Every business is driven by increased investment in high-end markets overseas, with over 25% ultra-high-end model growth, ultrasound, and business is ranked third in the world. We believe that future growth in corporate medical imagery is driven mainly by the growth of corporate medical imagery.
[Galaxy’s] Company Review _Mary’s Medical Care (300,760): Performance is robust; Market share is expected to increase further in the context of a national alternative: a company as a head manufacturer; 2 super-high end products are rolled out consecutively to help companies achieve accelerated breakthroughs among high-end customers; 3 personalized demand is continuously improved
Customization of smart corporate solutions to increase global customer penetration and brand consistency. 20204: Overseas performance increases are brighter and domestic operations are expected to improve on a quarterly basis. 1) Domestic: Total corporate operations are expected to grow in single digits as a result of the high base for the same period, the bidding dynamism has not yet been fully restored
With changes in base and delays in the release of demand, domestic operations are expected to improve on a quarterly basis; 2) Overseas: Growth, benefiting from breakthroughs in high-end client groups and rising market shares, is expected to continue year-round growth trends overseas.
On 29 September, the company issued a proclamation on the acquisition of control over Shenzhen Hyetai Medical Devices, Inc., formally declaring that, through deep control and its concerted action, Joo Hae-hye-hye had combined shares in Hee-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye, or 24.61 per cent of the total equity, and that it had 24.61 per cent of voting rights and acquired control over Hee-hye-hye-hye-hye.
Recapitulating the history of Murray's M&As (seaguars, diasys, etc.), we believe that their M&A approach is consistent with our own strategic development and has some commonality with the global industry's leading experience. Cardiovascular devices are the key track in medical devices, and many overseas head manufacturers are focused in this area, and the business usually contributes more.
The company’s high profile in the cardiovascular sector is being achieved through M&A-T, or it will be able to further impact the world’s medical equipment industry’s headlines. Investment proposal: Murray is the leading medical equipment company with the highest product and sales power in the country, high end.
In the next 10 years, overseas operations will be the main engine of corporate growth. Given that the company has achieved Hee Tae-hye's health profile, the risks are not as high as expected, the risks of overseas sales are not as high as expected, and the development of new products is not as fast as expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.