In vitro diagnostics led to growth, with high-end breakthroughs overseas showing remarkable results
In the first quarter of 2024, 9.37 billion yuan (oy+12.1 per cent) was realized, which came from Don Aykin's in vitro diagnostic line, leading to an increase in vital information and support operations.
Keeping up with high-quality growth, with a life information and support operation earning 152.5 billion yuan (oy+13.8 per cent), the domestic market benefits mainly from the introduction of new infrastructure projects for health care.
Recovery of in-depth and conventional procurement, but the restructuring of the medical sector in the second half of the year led to delays in bidding procurement activities, which put some pressure on the growth of the line of operations, and the recovery of procurement demand from overseas benefiting from breakthroughs in the high-end population to maintain steady growth; 2 in-patient diagnostics generated $12.42 billion in revenues
The recovery of activity, while in the overseas market, the penetration rate of the company's large and medium sample customers continued to accelerate, and in 2023 it succeeded in breaking through more than 100 third-party overseas chains, and we believe that reagents are growing. 3 medical images generated revenues of $7.03 billion (yoy+8.8 per cent), mainly in the case of medical imagery.
This is due to the growing brand power of companies and the increased promotion of high-end ultrasound products, which, by the end of 2023, were ranked third in the world and first in the country in the area of ultrasound, with ultrasound models growing by more than 20 per cent.
Two-wheel drive, steady domestic growth, and high-end overseas breakthroughs have shown remarkable results. In view of global markets, the public sector has increased domestic and overseas market openings, and in 2023, the domestic market achieved business income of $21.38 billion.
Developing countries have achieved revenue of $8.76 billion (yoy+21.0 per cent) and have performed well, thanks to the accelerated capacity-building of overseas localized platforms, high-end corporate clients have achieved remarkable success, nearly 300 new high-end clients in the area of life information and support, and over 450 in the field of in vitro diagnosis.
“New Capital Plus Clinical Recovery”, steady growth of support for all high-end clients, over 200 high-end clients in the field of medical imagery, robust performance growth in the third quarter of 2024, interest-bearing loan policy
International market growth accelerated during the quarter, generating operating income of $3.69 billion (vov+29.6 per cent).
It's been growing faster, and the new infrastructure of medical care is providing a boost.
I don't know, cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 1, 9 Downtown, Beijing.
The team of sellers worked for more than nine years in the business of credit securities, which were responsible for research in the cxo industry, vouchers, research in scientific services and small molecular innovation medicine.
In April of that year, he became a member of the Sindam Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical appliances and the Chinese medicine plate industry, and in 2022 he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical devices, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc. Cao Jia Lin, a member of the team, Master of Quantities Economics, Linnan College, Nakayama University, two years of research experience in the pharmaceutical biology industry and has served as a valid witness in the case of Fang.
In 2023, he became a member of the CSP, responsible for research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, and icl. Zhang Jong-tao, a member of the team, Master of International Investment Finance from the University of the South, 1 year of research experience in the pharmaceutical and biological industry, cpa (professional phase), worked in the Congzheng CPS, and in 2023 he joined the CSP, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.