Murray Medical (300760.ch): 1q24 income increases slightly, 1q24 income increases later in the year or warmer, though less than we expected, are still modest in terms of cost optimization and net profit.
Increases. Given that the purchase of medical equipment upgrades is expected to land at 2h24, adding up 2h23 revenues, and that the growth rate between the plates varies considerably, the main reason is that: 1) During the same period last year, the life information and support plate was in high demand for an extension order for the icu ward after the outbreak was released, and the company turned its capacity to the plate.
Slashed, leading to a higher income base for life information and support plate (1q23 block income) a slight decline, but a robust increase in net profit from three rate optimization (same-1.1 pcts). The provinces have almost completed the tweaking of equipment replacement needs, and 2h24 is expected to start purchasing and to pull public action
On March 13, the State Department published the " Promotion of large-scale equipment upgrades and disbursals to replace old programmes of action " , and medical care was mentioned as one of the seven main areas.
The provinces of Zhejiang, Hunan, Shandong, etc. plan for the upgrading of medical equipment in their overall equipment upgrading programs.
The International Procurement Instrument (ipi) investigates the public procurement of medical devices in China to assess whether EU enterprises and products are being treated unfairly when they participate in the bidding process (link). The duration of the survey is 9 months (i.e., the results are expected by the end of January 2025), if final results are to be obtained
Showing unfair treatment of European Union enterprises, Chinese enterprises will be affected by public procurement in the European Union (reduced or completely disqualified). Euros of engineering and concession procurement contracts, while Murray is currently involved in all individual European Union enterprises
The volume of solicitation procurement contracts is well below €5 million, and the substantive impact of ipi is expected to be limited; it is expected that the procurement requirements deferred under the normal anti-corruption pattern will be released over time from 2h24; and investment risks: aggregate policy risks, slowing down of new medical infrastructure, and geopolitical implications.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipients of the financial statement analysis and projections - Méri Medical International, Pier and Ying International, expressed and assured their right to receive this report under the following conditions and agreed to do so:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is compiled by the Group Information and other public information that is used by the Card Corps-Pulse International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as the International Securities of Pilgrim), which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely invest in, withdraw or otherwise rely on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.